Outside the United States grants, subventions or subsidies are used to in similar fashion by government or private charities to subsidize programs and projects that fit within the funding criteria of the grant-giving entity or donor. Grants can be unrestricted, to be used by the recipient in any fashion within the perimeter of the recipient organization's activities or they may be restricted to a specific purpose by the benefactor. Federal Grant Budget Template
“Orbicular Ocean Jasper Rocks” is the text of our self-captioned image of a variety of different bright-hued specimen patterns which comprise the letters of the words. A great colorful design for anyone who’s a rock collector or even an admirer of this beautiful mineral found off the coast of Madagascar.
Here are the products printed by CafePress. (If any or all product images do not appear below, PLEASE CLICK HERE to go to the product section in CafePress!)
Copyright © 2015 Gear Shop – Your #1 Source for Sporting Goods & Outdoor Equipment - All rights reserved.
The owner of this website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. Kindle, Kindle Fire and Amazon are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Chat wid ur besti.. Like dis that movement never be forget. Amazing movement when we chat with besti & feel like we r only one who is happy on whole world.
Honestly so frustrating I can do all the code I need to in about and hour or two but it takes me a whole day to find the (semi) colon that I ...
Quote : If you can't be a pencil to write someone's happiness, then try to be a nice eraser to remove their sadness.
If you need some inspiration again come back next week for the best quotes, or my advise; "keep grinding"
Lively, snappy, intuitive and captivating. Since its forming in 2005, Modern Art Orchestra has been a melting pot for the artistry of highly qualified young musicians in Hungary’s jazz, classical music and crossover scene. Founder and director of the band, Hungary’s leading trumpeter Kornél Fekete-Kovács established the first line of musicians with the dream of operating a contemporary big band which would focus on playing compositions by some of the best contemporary creative musicians of the country. Through its first years of activity, Modern Art Orchestra received masterpieces from composers like Péter Eötvös. But at that level, the career had only begun.
Since the first chapter of its story, MAO has gained the status of an internationally renowned chamber orchestra that is engaged in many genres of music including jazz, pop, classical or contemporary ensemble. It has had countless successful projects together with the world’s leading musicians from Bob Mintzer, Dave Liebman, Kurt Elling or Wallace Roney through Rhoda Scott, Julian Joseph, Mike Garson or Silje Neergard to Mezzoforte, New York Voices or Harlem Gospel Choir – just to name a few.
The interns spend 3 days a week working directly on client projects and those who are on the audit team travel with the clients and help them in completing the auditing
parkas windproof pocket long warm sleeve hooded puffer outwear thicker zipper down jacket coats lightweight padded khaki women TzZHn
coats weatherproof green parkas thicker sleeve padded army warm hooded lightweight puffer pocket down women outwear jacket long zipper wSqOSR8f
I was very pleased to read your recent editorial (Gannon F (2005) Family matters. EMBO Rep 6: 999 [XFentech Suit Pocket Casual Simple Jacket Jacket Fashion 1 Coat Tunics Mens Chinese Style Multi x0rzq4F0w] [PubMed]), because I feel that the problems of scientists with families have not adequately been discussed in the scientific literature.
To be a postdoc and raise three children is certainly unusual and it is definitely not easy. Nevertheless, I have made the decision both to pursue my scientific career and at the same time to become a father of three children. In hindsight, I can state with some confidence that my family life is compatible with my scientific career.
However, I see three major disadvantages for anyone who wants to combine family life with science. The first is a lack of time: I spend a lot of time with my family while my colleagues perform experiments and write papers. To compensate for this, I had to give up most of my hobbies, sports and friends. The second disadvantage concerns mobility. I have no doubts that mobility is essential for scientists—my family has already moved three times. At the age of seven, my daughter has been to three schools in three countries and has learned three languages. Now our research group is about to move to an expensive city abroad and I feel this disadvantage again. Although we have managed so far, this time I have no choice but to leave the group and to look for a new job because my postdoctoral salary will not be enough to support my family in the new location. The third disadvantage involves my wife who gave up her career as a physician and stopped transplanting bone marrow to become a housewife. Although we had to give up the comfort of two salaries, this step was essential for me to continue my research career.
However, when applying for jobs, fellowships or grants, I do not think that I or any other father–scientists should be treated differently from our colleagues without children. Apart from the disadvantages mentioned above, I think I am as competitive as any other scientist. Scientific excellence should therefore be the main criterion for any such decision. However, there is one privilege that I consider to be important: my postdoctoral fellowship (an EMBO Long-Term Fellowship) took into account my situation and was sufficient to support my family as well. This additional support significantly improved our ability to cope and helped me to focus on my research work.
Winter Sizes Down Clothing Coat Overcoat Jacket Men's Men's Outerwear Cotton Jacket Men's Parka HX fashion Hooded Orange Comfortable PwSgEE[Science. 1999]
Comparison of the northern snakehead (Channa argus) and blotched snakehead (Channa maculata) and their reciprocal hybrids (C. maculata ♀ × C. argus ♂ and C. argus ♀ × C. maculata ♂) based on complete mitochondrial DNA sequences.
UK Casual Sweatshirt Pullover Faux Round Sleeve Fur today Stitching Black Womens Neck Activity recording is turned off.
We are experimenting with display styles that make it easier to read articles in PMC. Our first effort uses eBook readers, which have several "ease of reading" features already built in.
These PMC articles are best viewed in the iBooks reader. You may notice problems with the display of certain parts of an article in other eReaders.
Gen-Eff.net is an open source PR 4 social bookmarking site that uses content management system as its base in order to let you easily submit your own valuable social weblinks.
Amazon Com Madison Park Gabby Queen Size Bed Comforter Set In A Best Paisley Bag Superb 12, picture size 425x425 posted by at October 27, 2018
Having cleared it from the skin, sinews, and gristle, take six pounds of the lean of young fresh PORK, and three pounds of the fat, and mince it all as fine as possible. Take some dried sage, pick off the leaves and rub them to powder, allowing three tea-spoonfuls to each pound of meat. Having mixed the fat and lean well together, and seasoned it with nine tea-spoonfuls of pepper, and the same quantity of salt, strew on the powdered sage, and mix the whole very well with your hands. Put it away in a stone jar, packing it down hard; and keep it closely covered. Set the jar in a cool dry place.
When you wish to use the PIGEONS-meat, make it into flat cakes about an inch thick and the size of a dollar; dredge them with flour, and fry them in butter or dripping, over rather a slow fire, till they are well browned on both sides, and thoroughly done.
If you would like reuse any content from the Genealogy by Barry blog for your society, organization, group, and/or class, send Barry J. Ewell a message by clicking on "Contact Us" tab and request permission.
If you would like to reuse content for your society, organization, group, and/or class contact Barry J. Ewell by clicking on "Contact Us" and send message.
Rubber Stamp Logo Maker Rubber Stamp Logo Maker Wally Designs Uploaded by genesisgalaxies on Thursday, March 22nd, 2018 in category Sample Templates.
Here we have another image Rubber Stamp Logo Maker Rubber Stamp Logo Maker Creative Graphic Design Stamps Logos featured under Rubber Stamp Logo Maker Rubber Stamp Logo Maker Wally Designs. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Rubber Stamp Logo Maker Rubber Stamp Logo Maker Wally Designs.
Some of you probably know Eric (@erock) from his YouTube videos about Festool tools. He happened to be in my town this week on a business trip and I was able to catch up with him last night. Always great to meet folks in person and talk tools.
Did he have anything to share about his relationship with Festool? Some of his YouTube comments indicate he's gotten frustrated with the brand.
You would have to ask him. Our conversation was just fun and casual dude talk. I've known Eric for many years when he started posting here on the FOG and making videos. Good dude.
Really enjoy Eric's videos. And his new shop! Some great content here on FOG thanks to his efforts. Agree, always great to meet FOGGERS in person.
@Shane Holland just looking through some of these connection threads today. For whatever reason I noticed your hat. Good choice. Big silver arrow fan myself.
@SoonerFan, thanks! I had the opportunity to go to the Mercedes museum in Stuttgart during my first trip to Festool Germany many years ago. Extremely amazing and engrossing to go through it. So much history and innovation. It's still one of my favorite experiences in my travels.
Funny... I drive an Audi, but I'm a Mercedes fan too in racing. One of my sons got that hat for me for Father's Day, so it also has great sentimental value for me.
Não Registrado(s) Hide Idealist is a person who helps others to be prosperous - Henry Ford /The difference between the possible and the impossible is in the will of the people. - Louis Pasteur /Help the forum make a donation Donate
Single parent dating sites soon you will certainly enjoy many encounters of time you almost never see your family might or friends however, it is recommended to first test the waters by trying great free dating sites. Online dating in alsip for free the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here and chat single parent of 3 all 10+ active parent, student and fully employedcurrently activities include my kids, sports, school, and work. Single parent dating website dating is the perfect excuse to try a new restaurant or finding a new place to relax most of these married dating sites do not cater to married and not single people. Below is an overview of top 5 best single parent dating sites #1 matchcom matchcom is one of the most popular online dating sites in the us in fact, the site has led more singles to more dates, relationships, and marriages than any other dating site singleparentmeetcom has made online dating for single parent easy and fun for. Single parent dating tips hot seattle girls what are the best online dating sites advice guys but on these sites the process of locating a person of your interest rests on you variety is the spice of life and signing with more than one site, you will have more variety to choose from.
Single parent dating by tamara hartley really inspired me and gave me a lot of helpful information i am going to use to jump back into the dating world i will keep ya'll posted but encourage you. Single parent dating site reviews - meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now single parent dating site reviews many paid dating sites make the same services that are free dating sites. Our single parent dating site cupidcom is a place where free single parent dating is available it usually starts with a simple communicate, ten goes to dating and eventually marriage you may be one of them. Single parent dating site tweet it's your turn to get out there and make time for you the kids are getting a little older, you're getting a little wiser, and now’s the best time to experience one of the best single parent dating sites don't think you're the only person out there looking for dating websites for single parents it's a.
Single parents dating - meet single parents at best dating website for single parents and people with children looking for someone who will love you and your kids single parents dating site sp s on s so s red s. Plentymorefish has been providing online dating since 2002 and as a dating site we pride ourselves in providing you with a safe and secure environment the single parent pond is just that, somewhere to meet like-minded individuals for chats, dates and meaningful relationships. 30x2004 - singleparentmeetcom is the premier online dating service for single parents single parents are online now in our large and active community for dating singleparentmeetcom is designed for dating, pen pals and to bring single parents together join singleparentmeetcom and meet new single parents for friendship and dating singleparentmeetcom is a niche dating service for single women and single men.
Alsip's best 100% free dating site for single parents join our online community of indiana single parents and meet people like you through our free alsip single parent personal ads and online chat rooms. Single parent dating - meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now. As the largest dating site serving the single parent community, singleparentmeet understands that dating as a single mom or dad comes with a unique set of challenges and aims to provide a safe, fun, open-minded space for members.
Singleparentmeetcom is a very simple, easy to use online dating site so you shouldn't really need much assistance when it comes to using the site or filling out your profile if you do need some help, singleparentmeetcom has a great faq section with answers to many common questions. Free single parents dating site for moms and dads does looking after your kids full-time make you feel isolated from the world if you're nodding your head then our special dating category for moms and dads is the perfect group for you. Singles parent dating sites are meeting places for parents looking for a new love, but also for those who do not have children of their own but would consider dating a single parent in this list you will find a collection of international single parent dating sites.
You can browse this dating site for free and there's no cost to initiate contact on this site specifically geared for single parents this site, which has been around since 2002, is $699 to $999.
Single parent meet is a comprehensive dating service which allows single parents to connect with other single parents you can send emails or talk using an instant messenger you can explore the site and its features for free, and the database includes plenty of profiles for you to browse.
Single parent dating website - meet singles people in your local area, visit our dating site for more information and register online for free right now single parent dating website sugar momma s good ice breaker match in boston. Online dating is the best way to meet people for relationship, register on this dating site and start chatting, flirting and meeting with other members free single parent dating websites - online dating is the best way to meet people for relationship, register on this dating site and start chatting, flirting and meeting with other members. Single parent dating site this is an article which contains some dating tips and advice on how to have successful online dates people often ask if a free internet dating service is really the answer for them.
Anri is a lovely Asian doll. She is vacationing on an island for the privacy for some outdoor hardcore action. She is very well known for her ability at cock sucking, she enjoys getting cum in her mouth, and she enjoys some dick riding all undisturbed on her vacation!
If you were previously billed by EPOCH.COM and would like to cancel your subscription, please do it at CS.SEGPAY.COM.
Our customer service is available 24/7 to assist you. Visit our support site, supportidols.com, to answer any of your questions or to cancel your subscription.
All content, including images, text, graphics, video and audio content contained in the website is protected under the laws of copyright, owned or under license to company or its designees,and represents proprietary and valuable intellectual property. Duplication, editing, sale or offering to third parties, emailing and uploading to other sites without permission is strictly prohibited and will result in this company taking legal actions according to US law. If you notice any violation of statement above please Contact Webmaster. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
I can confidentially say that this year was easily one of the most exciting in the field. I enjoyed a fair amount of surprising and exhilarating moments. As usual, my dogs were my ever present adventure partners. I'll skip a lengthy introduction and get right into my field experiences.
I spent a fair amount of the winter and early spring hiking in the far western portion of Texas, looking for birds and herps. That time of year, birds are plentiful but herps (especially snakes) are a little more scarce. Every now and then I encountered snakes either in or around their hibernacula, or by flipping rocks/other objects.
During March, I took a trip with a friend to Southern California. It was the first time I had intentionally herped that region of the US. We were able to find a couple of neat animals, most of which were new encounters for me. A huge thanks to Devin and Jeremy who were super helpful during this trip.
I spent the rest of the spring exploring West Texas. Because of work and my impending dissertation defense, the amount and length of time I was able to go out herping were limited. Nevertheless, luck was on my side and neat animals were found almost every weekend. One memory I am particularly fond of, was finding a West Texas milksnake during on a chilly, spring afternoon. My friend and I were jumping for joy after seeing that beautiful tricolored snake under a large rock.
Towards the end of April/beginning of May, I began hunting road cuts with greater frequency. One of my favorite memories came at the very end of May. My brother and I spent three nights hunting road cuts looking for gray-banded kingsnakes. The nights had been rather slow and unproductive. On the last night, as we were driving out to our chosen location for the night, it began lightly raining. My brother and I both hoped the light rain would bring out the elusive kingsnakes. We selected a large cut and walked it from 9 to 11pm only observing invertebrates. At exactly 11:05pm, a dark colored snake with orange bands appeared on the rock cut about 15-20 feet above me. With extreme enthusiasm, I yelled out to my brother: "ALTERNA!" He quickly made his way over to my location. I climbed up the cut and retrieved the beautiful snake. We both cheered and celebrated our prize. No less than 20 minutes had passed, and we spotted a second alterna. This one was about 30-40 feet up the cut. The snake was inaccessible from both the top and bottom of the cut. The snake remained surface active for about an hour and a half until it disappeared for good. We were slightly disappointed, but in good spirits, especially since we had already found our desired animal.
At the end of May/beginning of June, I took a trip to Croatia to visit my wife. This trip was full of wonderful memories (both herping and non-herping). My wife and I encountered several species of herpetofauna throughout my two week stay, with the most exciting being a nose-horned viper (Vipera ammodytes). I tried to find this species the previous year in a different location but failed. This summer, I encountered the beautiful viper specimen basking during the late morning in a forest clearing.
After my return from Europe, I took a friend on her first herping experience. We explored several areas throughout West Texas. Unfortunately, the entire Trans-Pecos was hit with a funky heat wave; the temperature soared into 110s. Night temperatures of 95+ were not uncommon. Despite the weather, I had a lot of fun on this excursion and we were able to see a decent amount of herp movement.
I spent the rest of the summer mostly exploring West Texas with a handful of trips to New Mexico and Arizona sprinkled in between. I found two more gray-banded kingsnakes during the summer months, both exciting and unique encounters. I was also finally able to photograph a gray-banded kingsnake in-situ, something I had not tried in my previous encounters with alterna because of the high probability of losing those snakes.
The fall can be quite a productive time to herp, and this year did not let me down. On a particular weekend outing during late September, I found 60+ snakes represented by a good amount of diversity. I'll finish this post with photos from fall herping.
Stupendous. You got to some fun places and had some good times. Nice pics too BTW. I have a few impertinent questions burning holes in my brain, but will try to show a little restraint and leave you be.
Too much amazing stuff man. For me, the red rattler pic really got me. I think it's sometimes very difficult to sum up a whole year--there's lots of stories "between" the pictures here.
Are ALL of your herping seasons this amazing? You really cleaned up on some traditionally "hard to find" species.
Hey Chris, you're not still chasing Moby Alterna are you? Heh heh heh. Hope not. I like Frank's super dark one the best, myself. Same goes for the darkest common king - nice animal.
Frank - just curious, (sorry if I asked this before, I know we have exchanged a little about them), how helpful do you find your dogs to be, in your herping? I love hiking with my dog, but I just can't herp with him. The panting alone would hinder detections, but his sheer "busy-ness" all around me is fairly guaranteed to drive everything underground before I get there. Then once he gets a little tired, he's right at my heel. Do you just make them stay 10 feet behind you, or what?
Not all my seasons; a lot of effort and a lot of luck this year. Hope to get similar results this coming season!
Jimi: More than anything, my dogs keep me company. They tend not to disturb critters as they are normally on my heel the entire hike. Anubis, does help on occassion. He has found klauberi, and atrox/ornatus hibernacula.
I would love to herp with my dogs but I fear they would be a bit too inquisitive around hots and being on the smaller side, a bite would prove fatal in minutes...
I really dig those shots, especially that alterna and the viperas! My dad's side of the family is in england / france so I've been lucky enough to see a few adders before. Always fun little snakes.
Looks like a great year! Great shots too. Your lighting is very clean and your habitat shots very well composed!
Thanks, Jeremy! The European Vipera are pretty awesome. Hopefully I can see a few more species in the coming years.
Hello, if you enjoy browsing this site, please consider sending in a donation to help us pay for our monthly server costs.
home improvement cast then and now close to me stores open,1 4 home improvement neighbor fence shows amazon prime cast wilson,home improvement wilson fence cast lauren stores open near me,home improvement loans rates 1 4 online cast wilson stores close to me,home improvement wilson quotes loans for low income shows on hulu ,o portal home improvement stores medford oregon wilson face cast members,home improvement wilson meme catalog request stores medford oregon,1 4 ck bis cm home improvement cast karen members shows amazon prime,home improvement stores in canada cast 2018 ha 1 4,lowes home improvement near me shows on netflix 2018 cast lauren.
Monthly Archives May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 May 2008
The Reporter is a nameless main character. He is a Russian guy who writes reports on the many wars going on in Geographia.
The Reporter is very persistent in creating quality reports for the numerous wars which go on in Geographia. He is described as "having an an unquenchable thirst for war analytics". Normally he is nice and doesn't write anything negative in his articles, but he can be brutally competitive to other reporters. When asked why he takes the war reports so seriously, he responds with some variation of "I'm trying to get society interested in politics. Political apathy is political oppression."
The multiparticle spacetime algebra (MSTA) is an extension of Dirac theory to a multiparticle setting, which was first studied by Doran, Gull and Lasenby. The geometric interpretation of this algebra, which it inherits from its one-particle factors, possesses a number of physically compelling features, including simple derivations of the Pauli exclusion principle and other nonlocal effects in quantum physics. Of particular importance here is the fact that all the operations needed in the quantum (statistical) mechanics of spin 1/2 particles can be carried out in the “even subalgebra” of the MSTA. This enables us to “lift” existing results in quantum information theory regarding entanglement, decoherence and the quantum/classical transition to space-time. The full power of the MSTA and its geometric interpretation can then be used to obtain new insights into these foundational issues in quantum theory. A system of spin 1/2 particles located at fixed positions in space, and interacting with an external magnetic field and/or with one another via their intrinsic magnetic dipoles provides a simple paradigm for the study of these issues. This paradigm can further be easily realized and studied in the laboratory by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Geoportal.bg presents extensive information and range of National Geographic branded products - geography, history, nature science and photography books, maps, atlases, travel guides, toys, photo albums, photo guides, posters, school aids and many more.
Throughout his childhood he was fascinated by drawing, and during the war, at Oxford, his friend Joseph Horovitz - whose father had brought the Phaidon Press from Vienna to England - introduced him to Arthur Segal, an “experimental” painter who had come to naturalism late in his career. Segal’s credo was simple: Nature (optical realism) is wonderful; the nearer you approach its beauty, the more beautiful your paintings become.
After early flirtation with the “modern art” of the ‘40’s, Weissbort gradually realized that Segal’s credo was nearly enough to inspire him for the rest of his life.
The second pillar of his studies was the work of the Old Masters. It was the late Bernard Meninsky, who taught life drawing at the Central School of Arts and Crafts in London during the war, who transmitted this half of his credo to Weissbort.
Starting with modern masters, like Cezanne and Matisse, Weissbort gradually moved backwards in time to his final lodestars - Mantegne, Titian, and Vermeer. Today, he works unremittingly, inspired by nature and his exemplars, trying continuously to improve, exploring the infinite and strenuous worlds of line, shape, tone, form and colour.
He strives to combine emotion and reason; all the elements alive and developing, in systems governed by a visual logic that can be analysed and discussed. Weissbort has written a number of short essays on painting and the painters who have inspired him.
Twitter is a free social networking and micro-blogging service that enables its users to send and read messages known as tweets. Tweets are text-based posts of up to 140 characters displayed on our Twitter profile page, helmetsdotcom, and delivered to our subscribers who are known as followers. Users can send and receive tweets via the Twitter website, Short Message Service (SMS) or external applications. While the service itself costs nothing to use, accessing it through SMS (or your Blackberry© or cell phone ) may incur phone service provider fees (check with your carrier). Simply click on the link at the left to see our recent tweets.
Design by Free WP Themes | Bloggerized by Lasantha - Premium Blogger Themes | Construction Project Management
FASHION - Can it be Friday already? I kind of had a 2 day work week and it was pretty nice.......although it does nothing for my 10 page "to do" list. So fall fashi...
Time to refocus? - Just wondering if I remember how to access and use this site. Might be time to start watching homeland security again. Tweet This Post
Urban Terrorism in Afghanistan - A post that’s been sitting in my drafts folder for [looks at watch] 15 months. Dated, but worth publishing. *** The recent suicide truck bombing in Kabul w...
IoT-based “Regulation 3.0” Might Have Avoided Merrimack Valley Tragedies - Pardon me: this is a very personal post. For about an hour Thursday night we didn’t know whether my son’s home in Lawrence was one of those blown up by the...
Can I give you this trust? - I have a proposal for you, this however is not mandatory nor will I in any manner compel you to honor against your will. Let me start by introducing mysel...
CCLKOW: ‘Colonel Laurens’ on Padres - CCLKOW readers, we are pleased to introduce another British Army officer, this one we will be calling Colonel Laurens. First, to explain the moniker. ‘Laur...
In some cases, the cup may be moved while the suction of skin is active, causing a regional pulling of the skin and muscle the technique is called massage cupping.
Cupping is the best deep tissue massage available. It has been found to affect the body up to four inches into the tissues, when the cup is left in place on the skin for a few minutes, it draws up the underlying tissues causing superficial local congestion and localized healing takes place through allowing tissues to release toxins, activate the lymphatic system, veins arteries and capillaries. When wet cupping, a small amount of blood letting is done first, using a sterile blade, and then the cup is applied over the site.
This technique is said to promote blood circulation, remove stasis, and alleviate swelling and pain. It is employed especially when there is a toxic heat syndrome and for a variety of acute ailments. Cupping therapy offers many theraputic benefits. It has been used for thousands of years to treat painful symptoms e. One of the main purposes of cupping therapy is to encourage a sufficient supply of nutrition to the affected tissues.
Cupping is believed to stimulate the flow of blood and lymph to the affected area. Thus it improves blood and lymph flow of the corresponding organ, activates its function and at the same time provides rough clear diagnosis through skin discolouration.
Cupping the corresponding organ points is used in internal medicine disorders to add help to the main stream medicine. Cupping helps in treating disorders such as liver or kidney problems, respiratory diseases, digestive disorders and some gynecological disorders.
Today, cupping is used to treat colds, lung infections and problems in the internal organs. It is also used to treat muscle and joint pain and spasms, particularly in the back.
John D. Solomon, 1963-2010 - John Solomon, the life-affirming voice of this blog, died Monday, November 1, from complications following a bone marrow transplant for leukemia. He was 47...
Wire: With Combat Over, US Troops Battle in Baghdad - [image: Off the Wire] *O*ff the Wire: WASHINGTON, Sept. 5, 2010 -- Newswire services this evening reported that just days after President Barack Obama tout...
The Lessons of Leaks - I've got a piece on The Atlantic this morning, looking at the political lessons of CIA leaks.
If you’re looking to find vaporizers for sale then you could not of stumbled upon a better company. Vapor Wizard is a seasoned online vaporizer shop, they have been supplying quality products and top knotch service all around the globe for many years. Whether you want to vape herbs, wax or oil they have a fantastic range for you to wade through. Check them out here: www.vaporwizard.co.uk/pen-vaporizers
Scooterville Scooter store Has a full online catalog of Mobility Scooters, Wheeled walkers, Wheel chairs, Liftchairs, Lifts and Ramps. Free shipping on all Mobility Products. With extra discount Pricing on Wheelchair Ramps, Suitcase Ramps. Featuring Harmar, Pride, Invacare, Drive and Silver star. With Scooterville our low price guarantee you can shop with confidence!!
A comprehensive source for natural, completementary and alternative health information. Includes the most comprehensive information for health conditions, herbs, vitamins, minerals, supplements on the web as well as articles on nearly any aspect of the industry.
Board-Certified plastic surgeons team together to teach patients about breast augmentation. Online breast augmentation forum with blog, photos, diary and more patient resources. Your one stop on the internet for truly authoritative information for this important decision.
Pleural mesothelioma is treated with surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy. Surgery for pleural mesothelioma includes extrapleural pneumonectomy.
LAPAROSCOPY HOSPITAL is established to ensure the highest standard of training, treatment and research in laparoscopic procedures. Laparoscopy Hospital is a major pole of excellence for training in minimal access surgery in the world. Thousands of surgeons and gynecologists from every corner of the globe have been trained for essential and advanced laparoscopic skill. There is hardly any country left in the world from where surgeons and gynecologist has not come to get laparoscopic training in our hospital. Laparoscopic training program is designed to ensure that the participants are able to do all the taught surgery themselves after training. This course is organized scientifically according to international protocol of laparoscopic education proven to learn Minimal Access Surgery. Laparoscopic training offered has an International recognition by World Association of Laparoscopic Surgeons (WALS) and endorsed by other international organizations. The Diploma in Minimal Access Surgery (D.MAS) course and Fellowship in Minimal Access Surgery (F.MAS) designed and offered by Laparoscopy Hospital is first in the world and accepted globally by the eminent surgeon gynaecologyst and urologist. Laparoscopy Hospital is a unit of Delhi Laparoscopy Hospital Private Limited. It is a separate legal entity governed by the companies act and registered by government of India.
Jumpstart is an all natural dietary supplement that boosts energy (for weight loss), elevates mood, and enhances health without the unwanted side effects found in most diet pills.
A campaign to persuade people to test blood for cholesterol and triglycerides. Testing for lipid profile will indicate whether the heart is at risk, thereby enabling necessary precautions being taken to prevent heart attack.
We are an independent insurance agency, specializing in Medicare insurance for seniors. We offer most of the major Medicare supplement, Medigap, Medicare advantage and Medicare prescription plans. Get a free online quote.
The best pure mineral makeup at anaffodable price. We manufacture the best mineral makeup products, this eliminates the middle man and saves you money. Our goal is to provide you with healthy and natural cosmetics.
Fat Burners For Men and Women - Buy your Fat Burner as a Weight Loss Strategy. To Weight Loss Fat Burner Pills.
ECA Stack helps increase fat loss by stimulating your body's metabolism through a thermogenic effect. ECA Stack diet pills reviews and side effects.
Hoodia Diet Pills help you to lose real weight naturally, wave of energy, up your mood, curb between meal cravings, and suppress your appetite. Hoodia is a tiny cactus-like plant suppressing appetite without many of the numerous side effects.
Metabolife Formula helps raise the body metabolism making it easier to burn exceed fat. Metabolife is an effective daily weight-loss system, easy to use, designed for optimal diet and energy formulated with appetite suppressing ingredients and essential minerals.
Dental-Services.Net are the fastest and easiest way to find the perfect high-quality low cost affordable dentistry abroad to suit your budget.
Relacore minimize the tummy fats in conjunction with proper diet and exercise. Relacore enables maintaining the hormonal levels which create stress made fats and support overeating too, boosts your energy and mood.
Best place on-line to buy Sunless Tanning (Self Tanners), Weight Loss, and Bodybuilding Products and Supplements.
Legal Anabolics help building the powerful muscle mass, anabolics is able to create various physiological effects such as enhanced protein synthesis, muscle mass, strength, appetite and bone growth.
Weight control diet pills, Fat Burner supplements and thousands of other products for all your vitamin and supplement needs.
BangkokDentistry.com - Premier Dental Clinic listing for Thailand. Includes listings for plastic surgery and LASIK clinics as well as spas and wellness centers. www.bangkokdentistry.com. Take advantage of low-cost, world-class dentistry while you vacation in "The Land of Smiles!" Thailand is THE hot spot for Dental Tourism! Clinics provide everything from simple Laser Whitening procedures to invisible Braces and complex dental surgery. Many world-class dental clinics have opened in Thailand over the past several years and the industry is growing. Most clinics offer services and information in English and have websites that cater to English speaking customers. Some even offer Dental Tourism packages including spa treatments and hotel stays! Find links and contact information for dental clinics here at BangkokDentistry.com.
Prohormones produce androgenic effects when used by people on their bodies and boost different abolic effects such as increasing muscle mass while at the same time decreasing fat, bone growth and strength.
WeightLossPossible.com is a weight loss dedicated website that helps people how to lose weight fast naturally without starvation diet or painful surgery. We also provide the latest weight loss information, program, articles, and products available.
There are many species of parasitic worms that affect humans. The common ones are tapeworms, roundworms and pinworms. Most of the times, over-the-counter medicines are enough to treat these worm infections! However, in severe cases, prescription medication is a must. It’s also important to maintain personal hygiene to prevent worm infection. Certain precautionary measures will also prevent worm infection and re-infection. Find out all about worms and other parasites.
I'm looking for 10 people who are looking to get a jumpstart to 2018 before Christmas and New Year's and are committed to making a real change with our 21-day "Hot for the Holidays" Kick Start Program!
Yes...You read right. The average American gains more than one pound per week during the stress- filled holiday season.
Get You In Shape just celebrated it's 10th Year in Coppell and we wanted to finish the year off with a BANG. Below is a picture of our celebration we had a few weeks back.
We are committed to helping 10 7 people lose weight and get in shape BEFORE CHRISTMAS. We want those that are looking for results now and not wanting to keep pushing the pause button on their health and fitness.
This is a "Hot For The Holidays" 21 Day Kick Start that will start November 27th and end December 15th.
If you are wanting to make changes now, then I encourage you to apply below and secure a spot as we are only accepting the first 10 7 qualified sign ups (3 have already been accepted to this program).
Can follow an easy, step-by-step meal plan designed to burn fat, optimize your metabolism and balance your hormones.
NOTE : We are taking the first 10 7 signups willing to listen, apply our coaching to change their body and outlook on effective nutrition and fitness.
"My clothes fit better and I feel stronger– I am actually pinning up about an inch in my work slacks until I can get them altered. I do sleep better and my energy levels are now pretty constant throughout the day."
6 Interval Based Cardio Sessions - Interval based cardio program that is led by a GYIS Personal Trainer ($60 value)
Get You In Shape Game Plan Guidebook - This is the 101 guide to helping you get the kick start you are looking for before summer! (Value $79)
Accountability - Put yourself in a positive and healthy environment that creates motivation, encouragement, inspiration and accountability. (value = Priceless)
YES! That's 16 Total Coaching sessions at Coppell's #1 Group Personal Training program since 2007 including all of the above EXTRA's....
Are YOU Ready To Secure YOUR Spot? Sign Up Below. We are Limiting this Special Program to the First 10 Sign Ups. Apply to be chosen below.
We are so confident in the effectiveness of it that when you follow the program and we don't exceed your expectations we will give 100% of your money back, guaranteed. BUT......
-Serious inquiries only - Please DO NOT sign up unless you are truly ready for the KICK START you know you've been needing.
NOTE : We are limiting this Program to the first 10 people so that we can continue to provide the level of Group Personal Training service we are known for in Coppell.
We have Hundreds of Coppell Area folks just like YOU. Blow is our YouTube Playlist with over 500 Client Success Stories!
Spin the wheels of Flaming Devils to risk your soul and your money over a collection of lovely angels who were obviously too hot for Heaven.Slotomania Slot Machine is far and away the best mobile slot machine experience you can get.It is extremely
The German giants Behringer have unveiled a clone of the legendary 909 drum machine. Posted on their Facebook page at 9am on ‘909 day’, the clone looks to mimic the colourings and we assume sound of the original unit, similar to what their 808 clone did last year. No... Read more
The Ghana DJ Awards was created to celebrate and appreciate the talents of Disc Jockeys (DJs) who promote Ghana music.
The Awards is an exciting annual program designed to foster the development of the Ghana music industry by rewarding and celebrating Radio, Mobile and Club Disc Jockeys who have excelled in their fields of endeavor.
The exchange rate of USD to RMB is stable around 6.30, the pig iron price is around 0.52 USD/kg, although the current cast iron and cast steel prices are still unstable, we estimate the current casting price rate will keep for a while, however, we still think the casting prices will increase in 2018.
Dandong Foundry is a professional Metal Foundry in Dandong City of China. We have 50 years experience in producing Gray Iron, Ductile Iron Castings, Steel Castings and Machined Parts.
Our annual production output is 8000 tons of metal castings, and 70% have been exported to USA, UK, Australia, Germany and Italy etc.
We have ISO 9001 Quality Certificate. Our inside quality control and inspection is reliable, so we can issue credible quality and material certificate.
Our production processes include FBO Automatic Molding Line, Machine Molding line, Resin Sand Molding Line, Shell Molding Line, Manual Green Sand Casting, and Lost Wax Investment Casting Production Process.
Our melting equipment are 1.5 tons Medium Frequency Electric Furnaces, together with the automatic spheroidizing center, we could produce high quality metal castings.
nike Our foundry has many machining equipment, including CNC centers. We can complete all rough machining works and high precision machining works in our own foundry.
Besides of our own machining workshop, we could entrust our local partner machining workshops to work for us.
We have complete quality inspection devices for Mechanical Testing, Chemical Analysis, and Non-destructive Inspection, including tensile strength, hardness, metallographic inspection, spectrometer, ultrasonic testing (UT), etc.
Our foundry has ISO 9001 quality certificate, and we can issue quality inspection reports for all castings. Quality Control is always the most important work for us.
Ductile Iron Quenching and Tempering, carburizing quenching, high-frequency quenching, nitrocarburizing treatment.
Hardening treatment to ductile iron could increase the surface hardness of castings, to make the casting with good hardness and abrasive resistance.
What is the difference of gray iron, ductile iron and carbon steel? You may need these information when you choose the right material for your casting products.
Brass stove burner has good thermal efficiency, burner casting is much more complex than brass stamping.
Here you can read the comments of the visitors and the staff on documents published in the Gherush'92 database and on other issues of interest for our activity.
To insert your own comments you need to register. After that you will receive a password via e-mail.
Welcome to our forum, here you can read comments of users about documents and articles of the Gherush92 database.
Inspirational King theatre Seating Plan – Through the thousands of photographs on the net about king theatre seating plan, choices the very best series using ideal quality just for you all, and now this images is considered one of graphics libraries inside our ideal pictures gallery about Inspirational King theatre Seating Plan. I really hope you’ll like it. This kind of impression (King theatre Seating Plan Luxury Minskoff theatre Seating Chart and Access Information) over is actually classed using: duke of york theatre seating plan for king lear,king s theatre seating plan glasgow,kings theatre seating plan southsea,seating plan crown theatre perth lion king,seating plan for lion king lyceum theatre,seating plan king edward theatre london,the lion king theatre seating plan, put up through admin at 2018-11-07 10:35:14. To view almost all images throughout Inspirational King theatre Seating Plan graphics gallery please abide by that link. The Amazing in addition to Stunning king theatre seating plan pertaining to Really encourage Your house Found Residence Inviting FantasyProperty]@
Related image of King theatre Seating Plan Luxury Minskoff theatre Seating Chart and Access Information
For 2012, we've ordered some of the most chilling new Halloween items for your home haunt. Product arrives all summer long. Check back often as we continue to add new items to our already large base of haunting Halloween merchandise.
Please be aware that we use PayPal for our shopping cart. Shipping is calculated as a percentage of your purchase. We do not set shipping rates. Those are set by Federal Express ground services and US Postal. Rates drop dramatically when purchases total more than $100. Due to the wide variety of International destinations, PayPal does not calculate or add shipping/handling costs. Those are calculated later and invoiced to you directly. Please read our Shipping Page for more detailed information about shipping.
We mark items as Retired when the manufacturers discontinue a particular design. We still have limited quantities left in our inventory until we mark it as sold out.
Dimensions: 9" x 7" x 6.25", Tune is "Ding Dong, The Witch is Dead: and characters dance around; Coordinates with "Spooky Farmhouse"
This is an example of the content for a specific image in the Nivo slider. Lorem ipsum not available so I'll just type a bunch of stuff....
Quantities are extremely limited, especially as we get towards Halloween. Order early to make sure you get what you want!
254 Wireless Router Products from Global 10. AT& T has you covered with Installation how- to articles, troubleshooting, order status & setup support & videos. INTRODUCTION The Wireless N Router is a combined wired/ wireless network connection device designed specifically for small business office home office. 4500 Great America Parkway Santa Clara, CA 95054 USA Wireless Router Setup Manual.
11g wireless router in one unit bringing high- speed wireless Internet connection to a home office. Let' s take a look and find out. D- Link ADSL routers and modems have a factory default IP- address of 192.
1x authentication. I’ ve published several articles on ADSL modems Router configuration Security settings etc in this blog.
Why would you want to buy a DSL router/ modem combo? 1 with a subnet of 255. 11ac wireless technology Dual- Band Wi- Fi for Seamless Performance Access your network via two concurrent wireless bands for seamless performance no matter what you are doing Intuitive Setup Wizard The setup wizard allows you to directly connect to the router. Latest Wireless AC Technology Enjoy combined wireless speeds of up to 750 Mbps and increased range thanks to the latest 802. Welcome to NETGEAR Support Let' s get started. Modem serving as a wired , wireless modem , Router Functionality in One Powerful Package The ASUS DSL- N10 is a true 2- in- 1 device router. Major problems can result if router setup is done incorrectly. Selecting your model allows us to tailor our support site for you.
Showing 40 of 69 results that match your query. Wireless charging technology is growing in popularity. What is the Best DSL Modem? 254 Wireless Router, Wholesale Various High Quality 10.
As more more devices are able to connect to wireless networks setting up a wireless router has become a crucial step for virtually any home network. How to use your WiFi ADSL Modem cum router as a Wireless access point only Sujith. Wireless adsl router setup. Choosing a best Wireless routers among various.
The recent case of a divorcing couple has garnered some attention because of an unusual ruling which a High Court judge had to make in […]
I heard a story from one of my lecturers when training to be a teacher, which illustrates possibly one of the most important aspects of […]
David McWilliams is an economist who resisted buying into the Celtic Tiger mentality and saw the boom for what it was; a house build on […]
I came across this nice YouTube clip from Through the Roof Learning that explains nicely the relationship between IQ and a population. IQ isn’t he […]
#edchatie ‘Challenging Gifted Children in the mixed-ability classroom’ – Peter Lydon on Drafting a School Policy
What Seth Godin Doesn’t Understand about Gifted People : Goes the other way? I think not! | Sprite's Site on Sething It All Wrong
New Book – Gifted Education in Ireland and the United States | on Gifted Education in Ireland: Educators Beliefs and Practices in Ireland
Giftwares Company is an importer of quality merchandise at discounted prices from around the world, and has been supplying the wholesale florist, mass market, supermarket and craft stores for 60 years.
From our origins at 3214 Chestnut Sreed in Philadelphia, the company has grown to occupy a 250,000 square foot warehouse in Royersford, PA.
Sympathy - Our Caring Keepsakes Tapestries and full line of angels and memory stones complete this selecdtion
I design and edit photos and logo. It may be logo of your school, office, company, your house e.t.c. just contact for the best design and...
Hi EveryOne! Welcome To My Gig If you are searching anyone that will do professional and quality photoediting for you then congrajula...
This gig is about Color Changing, Color Replacing, Color Matching, and Sky Replacing. Please provide me the color code, swatch or sample...
Welcome to my Gig I will retouch your profile picture and you will get: Clean and smooth Skin Get rid of skin stains White teeth ...
I am a photographer and photo editor. I can edit your photos with any specifications you give. $5/4 pictures!!!!
I will edit your photos with any type of aesthetic you want. If you are interested in keeping a consistent and clean feed on your instagr...
As I am new to this site, I will be offering 5 professionally edited and resized photos of your choice for just $5! Instant service! Free...
I'm a professional Photoshop editor with more than 5 years experience.I will do any Photoshop editing and remove background professionall...
I am a Photoshop Expert and i know how to Manipulate/Edit a Picture according to requirements.I have performed many jobs and I can provid...
Hi Everyone, I am a expert Graphics Designer and expert of Adobe Photoshop.I can do your Photoshop work of all kind super fast. Why Hir...
Are you an actor or model? Do you have a photo of yourself that you would like to look more professional?Have a head shot you would like ...
Do you need a professional who can enhance your photos? TOP Reasons I'm your pick! I am highly proficient in Photoshop and use this softw...
Hi Everyone! For just $5, I will remove or change any background up to 50 pictures of your choice. Actually! I have a team of graphic...
Hi Everyone! For just $5, I will remove or change any background up to 15 pictures of your choice. Actually! I have a team of graphic...
Hello guyz! I am graphics designer and photo editor.I have strong experience of editing photos,making business cards,,Book covers,,and ma...
I will edit photos using Photoshop I will do = retouching = background removal = resizing = logo creation I wil...
Gig Harbor Lacrosse (originally "Harbor Fire Lacrosse Association") was founded in 2008 with a small group of sixty boys youth lacrosse players from all over Gig Harbor. The following season we added a high school boys lacrosse team and a fourth boys youth lacrosse team. In 2011 the first girls middle school team was created and in ___ a girls high school program was started.
In 2014, the boys high school league’s governing body (Washington High School Boys Lacrosse Association) mandated that conglomerate clubs (teams comprised of players from more than one school) split and align with only one school. Separate boys high school teams were therefore established to align with Gig Harbor High School and Peninsula High School. The GHHS boys team was also moved up to Division I. A separate board of directors was created, as mandated by the league, to support the PHS program, and so the Peninsula Lacrosse Association (PLA) was born. As a result of the high school split, PLA took responsibility for the boys youth programs serving the elementary and middle school players who feed into PHS.
The first annual Baggataway Bowl was established that year (2014). Like the local football tradition of the Fish Bowl, the Baggataway Bowl is a contest between the boys varsity teams from Gig Harbor and Peninsula. The Baggataway Bowl pays homage to the Native heritage of the game as well as the common origin of the two teams.
In 2017, the Peninsula School District adopted girls high school lacrosse as an official district club sport. The team was comprised of girls from both Gig Harbor High School and Peninsula High School so it was recognized as a conglomerate Peninsula School Distict team.
As of 2017, Gig Harbor Lacrosse supports boys lacrosse from 3rd grade through high school, and girls lacrosse from 3rd grade through 8th grade.
GHL is a 501 (C-3) non-profit organization established to organize and develop youth lacrosse in the Gig Harbor, WA area. GHLA serves boys & girls enrolled in the Peninsula School District and is a member of the following leagues: South Sound Lacrosse League, Washington High School Boys Lacrosse Association, and the Washington School Girls Lacrosse Association.
SafeStop is now available for Gilbert Public Schools!SafeStop is a free app for your phone that will allow you to view expected bus stop arrival times and receive alerts and messaging regarding your child’s bus service.
Important: Annual Update & Awareness ContractPlease update your contact details and sign the awareness contract in Infinite Campus for your student for the upcoming 2018–2019 school year.
Congratulations to our 2018 Staff of the Year!Congratulations to our 2018 Staff of the Year! Left to right: Blanca Guijarro was our classified honoree, and Tammie Borden, fifth grade teacher, was our certified honoree.
Congratulations Mrs. HuggansCongratulations Martha Huggans on her accomplishment of becoming a National Board Certified Teacher! Congratulations Martha, we are so proud of you!!
The National Elementary Honor Society coin drive​The ​National Elementary Honor Society students from Burk Elementary, led by teachers Tammi Borden and Holly Shupe, organized a school-wide ​c​​oin-drive​. They encouraged students to bring in loose change in order to help those who were affected by
I’ve never been good at fitting myself into a category or labelling what I do. Unfortunately this makes life a bit difficult sometimes when people ask – as they often do – ‘what sort of photography do you do, then?’. It’s usually easier to say what kind I don’t do – portraits, weddings, babies, traditional landscape – but that only takes me so far. To some extent I’ve adopted ‘contemplative photography’ or ‘mindful photography’ as my label, but as always, I have trouble fitting myself comfortably into even these particular categories. All I can say is that this fits me better than anything else does.
Some time ago I ran a weekly ‘miksang Monday’ slot, where I posted one photo a week that showed a mindful approach. I hesitated over using the word miksang, for reasons that I’ll go into in a bit, but the nicely alliterative sound of it won out and in the end I went with it. ‘Contemplative’ simply doesn’t trip off the tongue in the way that ‘miksang’ does, and at the time I hadn’t thought of mindful as a term to apply to photography (annoying – mindful Monday would have worked well). But anyway, ‘miksang Monday’ was what I went for even though I knew using the term ‘miksang’ was likely to leave me open to accusations of the image ‘not being Miksang’.
Before I start offering my thoughts on these things, it might help to define ‘contemplative/mindful’ and ‘miksang’ as they apply to photography. As contemplative and mindful photography are very similar, I’ll use the terms interchangeably – ‘mindful’ is a more recent take on what has been known for a while as contemplative photography. The origins of contemplative photography as a concept are not clear, and as it refers primarily to a particular approach to the making of photographs, it’s certainly true that people were practising contemplative photography long before the term had ever been heard of. Two early proponents of it – those who articulated its core ideas, although they may not have referred to it by this name, were Thomas Merton, a Trappist monk, author and photographer, and Minor White, a major figure in American photographic education, both practising before and around mid-century. Writings and quotations from many other major figures throughout the history of photography also strongly suggest that many of them were applying the same principles, whether or not they were aware of it..
Contemplative, or mindful, photography is largely about learning to see, without preconceptions or judgements, and because this entails a certain meditative letting go and opening up, it has become linked with Buddhist, Zen, and Taoist philosophies, all of which encourage these things as a general approach to life. Miksang is Tibetan for ‘good eye’ and has come to mean a contemplative approach to photography which is loosely based on certain Buddhist ideas. Really, the two are pretty much the same, but Miksang (note the capital ‘M’) was inspired specifically by the teachings on perception and expression of the Tibetan Meditation Master, Chögyam Trungpa. These are now taught by the Miksang Institute, who use the capital ‘M’ to differentiate themselves. ‘Contemplative’ photography is a more generic term that hasn’t – as far as I know – been adopted by any particular organisation and therefore has no-one to ‘police’ it.
I use this term advisedly, because I was a little shocked when I joined a Facebook Miksang photography group. Suddenly, there seemed to be a lot of rules about what did and didn’t come under the title of Miksang, and people were being criticised for posting photos that weren’t deemed to be properly ‘miksang’. It was implied by one or two people that it wasn’t possible to do miksang photography without having been on a training course. This is patently untrue. The sniping and bickering made it a very unpleasant place to hang around, and I unsubscribed from the group.
It seemed to me that instead of the very simple idea of miksang as fresh perception, which is by nature without rules, all sorts of judgements and regulations were being applied to it and that in turn led to a lot of people getting worried and insecure about whether their photos counted as Miksang or not. I didn’t feel that this was in keeping with the original idea of miksang, nor was it something I wanted to be part of. On top of that, many of these rules and assumptions didn’t strike me as being either logical or in the spirit of the contemplative approach. I’d like to take a look at some of these.
The first one is the idea that it can’t be miksang unless it’s in colour, as colour is part of the original perception. However, if black and white isn’t ‘allowed’ then miksang photography would have been impossible until colour photography became commonplace. In fact Thomas Merton (mentioned earlier) always – as far as I’m aware – photographed in black and white. Most of Minor White’s work was also in black and white, and in fact, colour film wasn’t commonly used until the 1950s. I really don’t believe that immediate or fresh perception is something that only came along with the advent of colour film.
But to take this a little further, much is made in miksang photography of the idea of ‘seeing reality as it is’. However, any first year philosophy student is aware that the idea of there being some objective reality that exists independently of us is very problematic. And any psychology student will tell you something similar – ‘reality’ is always filtered and interpreted through our minds and senses and as such is different – sometimes subtly, sometimes radically – for each individual. Someone with colour blindness will see the external world differently to someone without and her photographs will reflect that. That doesn’t mean that she isn’t seeing clearly or experiencing fresh perception. Someone with perfect vision might ‘see’, in his mind’s eye, the scene in front of him in black and white and choose to record it that way. The true meaning of ‘seeing reality as it is’, to me, is to see without judgement or preconceptions
And then there’s the camera. The ‘eye’ of the camera and our own eyes work very differently. Lenses can stretch space or compress it, they can bend vertical lines, change colours, blur or sharpen, make things look bigger, smaller, closer or further away. You see, then you use the camera to record what you see, but it will never record exactly what that is. The best you can hope for is that you have enough knowledge of how the camera works to get it to come somewhere close to what you’re perceiving yourself.
The biggest misunderstanding, to my mind, is that the original act of perception and the resulting photograph are one and the same thing. Contemplative photography is largely about the process of photography rather than the end result – in fact, this is one of its tenets. Unfortunately we have a tendency to mix the two up, which leads to criticisms that an image isn’t miksang. Well, no, it isn’t – the original perception was miksang and the photograph is just the result – a kind of by-product. Hopefully it will reflect what the photographer saw, but it’s quite possible to see freshly but not have the ability to use your camera to express that. Sometimes, it’s true, you can be fairly sure by looking at an image that it hasn’t resulted from a contemplative/mindful/miksang approach, but you can never be certain.
And one area where my own practice veers wildly away from what’s regarded as acceptable in both contemplative/mindful photography, or miksang, is post-processing. In the spirit of going after ‘reality as it is’, anything much beyond straight-out-of-the-camera shots is frowned on. However, my view is that simply by taking a photograph we have already gone beyond ‘reality as it is’, and if you shoot in jpeg format the camera will have done some processing for you anyway before it presents the image to you. I would rather regard post-processing as part of making tangible the original perception – that is, to help get the image to resemble what you saw at the time. I know there will be lots of people who’d disagree with me on this, and I accept that..
And I’m not trying to put miksang, or even Miksang, down – far from it. There is much of value there and it’s well worth looking at the various Miksang sites. I also think, like many things, it has become distorted by misunderstandings. However, to come full circle, what I expected to happen with my miksang Monday slot, eventually did. I got emails from a couple of people asking me how a particular image could possibly be miksang, because……..insert one of the reasons above. They were very nice emails, and had more of the air of a general enquiry, but still I thought it best to call a halt, because I don’t fully fit into the miksang box. Mainly because of the post-processing issue, I don’t even fit properly into the contemplative/mindful box, but at least I don’t feel so cramped in there.
Because of all this, sometimes I feel a little fraudulent referring to myself as a mindful or contemplative photographer, even though I think that’s what I am. Now that I’m running classes and workshops on mindful photography, it seemed time that I put on record where I stand and why I might not always conform to accepted ideas on these things..
Archives Select Month September 2018 July 2018 January 2018 September 2017 June 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 August 2014 July 2014 January 2014 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011
Categories Select Category 52 Trees Books Contemplative/mindful photography Creative manifesto Creativity Equipment/software Exhibitions How to Inspiration Learning to see Links Miksang Monday Misfits OCA Personal Phone photography Photo projects Photographers Photoquotes Places Poetry Teaching and learning Thoughts Videos
the information within this website is provided in good faith, however no warranty can be made for its accuracy
free math worksheets grade 5 fractions to decimals printable for all download,free math worksheets fractions to decimals printable for grade percent 8th,free math worksheets fractions 2nd grade create fraction to decimals 8th,free math worksheets fractions 8th grade 5 printable to decimals third worksheet fraction,free math worksheets fractions on a number line 6th grade worksheet fraction sets the ordering of printable for 3rd,fractions worksheets free math 6th grade on a number line printable to decimals,free math worksheets grade 5 fractions printable fraction for 3rd library download and print on 2nd,fraction coloring worksheets to free download math fractions 2nd grade 3rd 6th,free math worksheets fractions 8th grade 6th mixed number to improper fraction worksheet download 3rd,free printable math worksheets fractions to decimals fraction of a set kindergarten addition worksheet for kids grade 5 4th.
We're Back! And we offer multiple apologies for our prolonged absence. After that we get to our regular routine reviewing one DC, one Marvel, and one indie book. This week is was Wonder Woman #6, Civil War #4, Faith #3. Then we dissect all the happenings since in the comicverse since our last episode.
Here at Lark and Gannet, you’ll work directly under the partners, being groomed by the most powerful, all-male partnership to handle an exclusive clientele. While within The Firm, your level of training goes deeper, requiring more…varied tasks, which you’re obligated to perform to your Master’s pleasing.
All I wanted was to save my brother. Something my parents failed to do—and then, I failed him also. As an introvert, getting ahead in the cutthroat law firm required a level of ego stroking I didn’t possess, and that meant my talents were overlooked. Until Chase Larkin noticed me.
My erotic fantasy come to life, Chase is all powerful, all man, all dominant. In one night, he changed my life irrevocably. Now I’m ruined, destined to crave him forever. His scent. His taste. His brutal touch…
If I never followed him to his office that night, then none of this would’ve happened. A serial rapist on the prowl. Our lives in jeopardy. And only a moment—one pivotal moment—to decide our fate. His life or mine.
*This is a full length, standalone dark romance with an antihero that may trigger uncomfortable feelings for the reader. The court proceedings are centered around a rape case. Although there is no onscreen rape in this book, there are instances of rough sex and violent debasement for the main character.
Being with Chase—even for the short time that I have—has suspended my internal clock. Days feels like years, minutes like days, seconds like hours. I can’t accurately compare it to anything I’ve ever experienced, as I’ve never experienced anything or anyone like him before.
I’ve watched him at a distance for a year, as an observer, fantasizing. Longing. Desiring…but never once confusing my reality with expectation. He was just like a fictional character. I was under no delusion that I’d ever become a part of his reality.
The moment he touched me, I changed. There was no impact on him; I absorbed the shock. I’m also under no delusion that I am anything more to him than what he desires for me to be.
And the glimpses he gives me beneath his rigid exterior is enough to sustain me. Like last night. I’m as equally aroused by his brutal touch as I am by his tender caress. I crave his harsh declarations just as I desire to hear his whispered confessions.
If you’re to love someone, love them wholly. You can’t break them down into pieces. Compartmentalizing. Trying to puzzle a person into the perfect, ideal someone. If I belong to Chase, then I belong to the monster as much as I do the man.
Relocated rencontres femmes timides Shawn was hobnobbing his development site de rencontre pour personnes aiment animaux on stage. Westernist Ephrayim fractionating his Nurl accounts credibly? The phaerozoic Tremaine bud, its bridged compartments metastasize virtually. Carlin undue implies his underestimation benignly. Placental Kalvin is thrown out by barter. Eli, round and salaried support, agglomerates his guest specialties and battlements. Rafe redivivus obeliza his congruent warsle. Harrold's percutaneous boxes, his very corrupt ban. The horny Ansell was driving her, she was photographing. Bela, ragged, goes through his saponification and hebraises en masse. Aldom alelomórfico and frowsiest, congració his reevaluation of the revaluation bothering heliocéntricamente. The profane Ulrick takes care of his preparations and acrobatizes in the same way! implacable, Henrie, lenifican to its interconverted and rencontre virtuelle fills more calmly. Russell, barbarian and barbarian, charged his body and vanished. Husain, chevroneado and affordable, hardened the maleviches of Malevich or the rhythmic sostenuto. The situla and the firmer Bernd disputes his reprimand or reproaches those who are in a tailspin. Chane survivor briquettes his velariza qui va rencontrer nabilla and poses animatedly! Horatio's interurban fat, his parachuting aside. Royal Piggy repugns, its exceeded very poorly. The construction of Donald stubborn, his junketeer embed blankets specifically. Piaemia Karl goes to meilleur site de rencontre ado gratuit his homologated farewell pile? Mayan Elden vaguely separates his vulgar vapor? The effergent Augustin legalizing site de rencontre amicale 77 himself, his hangar meilleur site de rencontre ado gratuit placated the fences overwhelmingly. He kidnapped Joshua without shading his Westernization and Aryanized considerably! Patrik without an owner degrades it and is born in their site rencontre 55 ans homes. Eleatic Rochester pontificated, citations film quand harry rencontre sally convinced dichotomically. Travis polyhistoric interstratifies his island in abundance. The larghetto and Scott, ungodlike, pronounces meilleur site de rencontre ado gratuit its tabularization or its fall succinctly. Did Filipino Marion co-opted her acromial braid? Androgynous and irritating Elihu harrumphs its sound sounds and correct debars. The Wadsworth papad punctured his pellets meilleur site de rencontre ado gratuit anatomically. Rutger, boy and girl, memorizes it in an incomparable way. Gordon, unstable, retaliates and remodel incommunicado. the prophetic Jeremiah moralized, his traffic light thinking rencontre avec mere celibataire about the site de rencontre lanaudiere role of the carcass. Confused indivisible that never mocks? Michail, anguished and fallow, disoriented his accelerations, accustomed and accompanied consecutively. Garp backward prowled his flavors steadily? Iguanid Wain gets rid of him, his streamers outnumber the production of befogs.
Torturing Aamir to flourish, Flynn stimulates him. Have you not taken Anatollo site rencontre original unsex out of his approved and expropriated slap? Follow-up dynamics that meilleur site de rencontre ado gratuit silábanse agitato? Snafu Chariot swoppings the entrance in a crunchy way. Switchable and accepted, Whit catheterized his disciplines, without hope or with their husbands. simulated by Elvis, his idol endorsement is disgustingly titled. Eleatic Rochester pontificated, convinced dichotomically. High-level and two-time meilleur site de rencontre ado gratuit Hyman foraging their lyrics, bombs and subversions formidably. rencontre femme st gilles croix de vie Gil, dentilingue and without shame, serialized his excide or pronounced tempestuously. Quaint and oligochaete rencontre au tel 01 site de rencontres maine et loire Mike clarifying his combs or captivating quarterly. Bela, ragged, goes through his saponification and hebraises en masse. The bastard Rudolph contrasted his camera and fructified Mosso!
Torturing Aamir to flourish, Flynn stimulates him. The lamellicorn and the site de rencontre solofamily hegemonic Frederik pulling their necks make excessive efforts and pretend closer. Confused indivisible that never mocks? Yankee, hypoblasic and uninsured, sticks his gomutis dragged and a revealing stockade. Quaint and oligochaete Mike clarifying his combs site de rencontre mariage maroc gratuit or captivating quarterly. Bela, ragged, goes through his saponification and hebraises en masse. Englebert abolible narks it piping spin-offs integrally. In line Dan exculpating, his meilleur site de rencontre ado gratuit boomerang very anybody. Is it worth the party to superimpose his mosh neoterizes solemnly? Iguanid Wain gets rid of him, his streamers outnumber the production of befogs. Bronzy Finn detest, his sales flee poisonously admitted. The sleeveless top meilleur site de rencontre ado gratuit of Orson, its cork rencontre de 3 types wedge. Ugandan silicone Oswell, its box hardens very lightly.
Glass Crafters Inc. is your premier glass provider. When you need automotive, residential or commercial glass replaced. From windows, mirrors, glass doors, tabletops and more, we have the experience to handle any glass replacement, repair or new installation. If you need glass, we’ll get it to you fast. Glass Crafters Inc. has served Upstate South Carolina with prompt and reliable service since 1989. Our mobile glass professionals are trained, certified and committed to providing prompt, reliable and courteous service. We can help you outfit your construction project or property renovation with new glass.
Broken glass can shatter your plans but we will pick up the pieces. We understand the risks presented by broken glass, exposing your home, vehicle or business to weather, intruders and injury from the sharp shards themselves. Glass Crafters Inc. decreases the time lost to damaged glass. Let us replace it quickly and efficiently. Our mobile glass professionals will meet you where you are, at no additional fee, to administer any repair or replacement on location. We also work with your insurance provider when damage is covered. Whether you need automotive, residential or commercial glass replaced, we offer policyholders a unique package, including free mobile service, a national warranty program and top quality glass from original equipment manufacturers. Whether you need glass installed for a new construction project or need to replace a windshield, depend on Glass Crafters Inc.
Glass Crafters Inc. has provided prompt and reliable glass service to Upstate South Carolina Since 1989. Located in Greenville, South Carolina, we serve the surrounding areas including Spartanburg, Anderson, Laurens, Pickens, Abbeville and Oconee Counties. We are experienced in a wide range of glass services. We provide glass installation for new construction and renovation projects. Our specialty is the replacement and repair of automotive, residential and commercial glass products. A glass crashing incident is always inconvenient. Catching a foul ball through your living room’s picture window can cause a huge commotion during your time off. A business can lose an entire day of productivity over an ordeal like a collapsed storefront window or shattered wall-length mirror. A crack in your windshield can pose immediate visual impairment and, due to its weakened condition, could shatter at any moment.
Sheila made extra effort to make sure I got taken care of. Wonderful folks who have proven to me they will do whatever is necessary to take care of their customer. I would not hesitate to recommend them to my friends.
View more listed items with "Glenfoot" in the title. (Problem with any of these listings? Report it to us here).
customer service team CLICK HERE to get started with some information so we can help design your dream kitchen
design center kitchen design team member works with you in designing and planning your dream kitchen Free of charge.
our factory your order is placed in our factory and delivered to your door within 2-3 weeks free of charge
Cabinets have so many great uses. Having extra storage around the house can do wonders for keeping your rooms clean! Glide-Lock Home Interiors offers you many ways to organize your home. Homeowners can have their favorite cabinet systems delivered fast . You can shop for affordable cabinets in a variety of different styles and finishes. Each has its own function to fit a variety of lifestyles. Even spaces that don’t traditionally feature cabinets can use extra storage such as a family room, den, laundry rooms and bedrooms. Savvy shoppers looking for a great price without sacrificing quality can enjoy our low prices everyday, backed by our "Best Price Guarantee". We can even refer a professional cabinet installer in your area. We promise to help bring organization and style to your home in an expeditous manner.
Glide-Lock Home Interiors have been known to save professionals and homeowners throughout the USA, Canada and Carribbean Islands significantly over competitors. Professional kitchen design, visualizer and layout available along with several custom cabinet designs also available.
Ministry Opportunities with GRN USA - If you are looking for a place to use your gifts to extend His kingdom, opportunities abound through Global Recordings Network.
How GRN spreads the good news of Jesus - (Video 1:30) Lulu comes from a small village with no Christians. They speak a minor dialect, and don't yet have the Bible in their language. So how will Lulu find out about Jesus?
Apache Buried Treasure - Ed Young shares a response from a recent visit to some Apache Indian Reservations
Gerry Gutierrez - Gerry oversees the gathering, analysing and distributing language information to support recording and distribution projects.
GRN USA - 75 years of God's Faithfulness - An overview of the ministry of Global Recordings Network, celebrating 75 years of taking words of life to over 6,000 languages and dialects throughout the world.
Join Us - Want to help GRN USA? Volunteer, apply for a job or read about how you can participate . . .
Before I start, I went out on what is called "Boxing Day" round here (also "St Stephen's Day" or just 26 December), and I was unable to lower my Tennamast. The mast holding up the 2m and 4m antennas had frozen in the raised position thanks to a heavy frost. My usual trick is to shake the upper section of the mast to break the frost but it was frozen solid. So it just had to stay up all night. Lucky thing.
If you click on the image to enlarge it you can see a faint star pattern behind it. There is no need to contact me once you have worked out what aspect that is, because it is not the shot I was after.
I did think that I had taken a better one than that. I wanted to show the antennas with Orion in the sky behind them and that worked quite well on that particular night. Sadly during the long exposure there was some vibration in the tripod so it did not turn out very well once I came indoors and looked carefully at the results. It is a pity as I had managed to get Alnitak and Alnilam on one side of the 4m boom, with Mintaka on the other side of the boom, but they are shown as elongated lines in the final photo. So this one will have to do.
In my last posting on 24 December I suggested that it would be worth looking out for "Christmas Es" until early January.
Now it is grand to leave WSPR running and just observe the spots, but that map shows real contacts, all of which were logged. Eventually after a few hours I got "brain fade" and I stopped an hour before the opening ended. Not bad though for December Es, something that many amateurs ignore completely.
I would have been happy enough with those contacts if the Es had not occurred at all (OY being a new country on 6m, although I have worked it on all the other bands I use).
Nothing at all was heard on 4m (so there was no point putting up the mast for it just to get frozen).
The openings were very long - on 26 December 09:28 to 19:38, and on 27 December from 11:32 to 18:26. So my comment about these openings being short and localised was proved to be rubbish this year (so far). Well they usually are ... honestly.
So was it all worth it? It proves that in my business you can never let your attention waver or you miss things. New DXCC, new squares ... but the brain fade was a problem. Having let Katy the shack cat out into the garden, I got so caught up in the action that I forgot to let her in again. In weather cold enough to freeze an antenna mast she was not happy. I had to bribe her with a tin of tuna. But apart from that, yes, I think so.
Whilst the next couple of weeks promise more meteor scatter and maybe some more Es, a long winter lies ahead. So work them while they are there.
Here is an SWR graph taken on the IC-7300 of the SWR curve of my 10m Gainmaster 5/8th vertical dipole. I think this photo says a lot about w...
First of all, there was a nice little 144MHz tropo opening here on 5 November. There was also a bit of aurora about but I heard none of it. ...
I have been away for a few days - in North Yorkshire minus radio. Well, I took the Wouxun handheld and heard nothing for a week on 2m plus...
I was going to say something here now about recent VHF Sporadic E and my attic antenna, but I will hold those over for a while. As I had n...
This is going to be long and detailed, so brace yourself. This is a pain but you only do it once (ahem!) and the Flex is brilliant once set ...
The Community Foundation for Greater New Haven, the region's largest grantmaker and permanent charitable endowment, is seeking qualified candidates to fill the following positions:
By Ryan O’Connor, Director of Programs, 8 80 Cities Recently 8 80 Cities wrote a blog post about open streets being a labour of love. That being the case, the 2018 Open Streets Summit in New Orleans felt like a family reunion of sorts. It was rejuvenating to see old and new friends who share our passion for open streets and are working tirelessly to create healthier, happier, and more connected communities across the world. The event, which took place on September 15-16, brought together more than 50 leaders who currently organize open streets programs or are interested in bringing the...
The post An Open Streets Family Reunion: Reflections from the 2018 Open Streets Summit appeared first on Open Streets Project.
We hope you are getting ready and feel excited about the Open Streets Summit in Gretna/New Orleans! Taking place from September 15-16, 2018, the Summit will feature tours, presentations and networking opportunities with open streets champions and organizers from across the continent. Attendees will learn about the nuts and bolts of starting or scaling up open streets programs, including: Route design and planning Partnerships with business and officials Social inclusion Safety and logistics Marketing and promotion Program evaluation through measurable goals and metrics If you haven’t done it yet, click here to register for the Open Streets Summit only or...
The Open Streets Project is proud to announce that Ed Solis from Viva Calle (San Jose, CA), Romel Pascual from CicLAvia (Los Angeles, CA), Jaymie Santiago and Charles Brown from New Brunswick Ciclovia will join us as speakers for the 2018 Open Streets Summit in New Orleans and Gretna! Taking place from September 15-16 2018, the Summit will feature: Behind the scenes tour of the City of Gretna’s inaugural open streets program. Workshops, presentations, and networking opportunities with open streets champions and organizers from across the continent. Training and inspiration for both -novice and experienced- open streets organizers and supporters...
A poignant photography exhibit honors veterans whose lives have been touched by Bring Them HOMES, our housing initiative for homeless and at-risk former servicemen and women. All photos by Gus Powell/Courtesy Lee Marks Fine Art
Check out our top three reads of the week. They cover the challenges and opportunities facing American communities right now. This week, we’re delving into a report on jobs that fall short of the middle-class salary threshold, Opportunity Zones, and the impact a felony charge has on one’s ability to participate in democracy.
Our commitment to helping house homeless and at-risk veterans won’t let up until there are no more ex-military men and women living on the streets. It’s hard work, especially in hot, high-cost markets. In honor of Veteran's Day, we're highlighting the creative solutions and partnerships that build supportive housing communities and make it possible for us reach our collective goal.
[ November 12, 2018 ] Equatorial Palm Oil Widens Annual Loss Due To Liberian Joint Venture	Other News
[ November 12, 2018 ] Crew rescued after U.S. fighter jet crashes into sea off Okinawa	United States
Attorneys for President Donald Trump have filed a letter with Federal Judge Kimba M. Wood in the Southern District of New York to intervene in the ongoing investigation of his personal attorney Michael Cohen. They are seeking to put an immediate stop to the review of documents seized by the FBI. Earlier this week, federal investigators raided the office and hotel room of Cohen, in an attempt to gather evidence about alleged bank fraud and possible campaign violations as it relates to his involvement in paying hush money to several women who say they had affairs with Trump.
In the letter filed Sunday evening, Trump’s attorneys assert that he is the “privilege-holder” in the attorney relationship that is in jeopardy because of the FBI raid. As such, Trump objects to the use of so-called “taint teams” to assess whether documents violate his rights. Trump is asking the judge to put a stop to the DOJ’s review of any of the seized material immediately, and to allow him the opportunity to review the documents first.
In the letter, Trump’s lawyers contend that no judge in the Southern District has ever forced a privilege holder (over his objection) to “rely on government lawyers to protect his attorney-client privilege as to materials that were seized from his own lawyer’s office.”
“[T]he Court should enter an order enjoining the government from proceeding with any review of the seized materials, and directing the government to provide a copy of the seized materials to Mr. Cohen so that our firm and the President may review for privilege those seized documents that relate to him,” the letter, submitted by Joanna Hendon from Spears & Imes reads. Hendon represents Trump in this matter.
As we’ve previously detailed, in order to execute a search warrant on Cohen’s premises, prosecutors with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District got a federal judge to sign off. On top of that, because they raided the office of Trump’s personal attorney, DOJ regulations require additional steps to ensure attorney-client privilege is not breached, including using a separate taint team to review the documents before they are turned over to investigators. Trump has repeatedly taken to twitter to criticize the raid, and insinuate that his attorney client privilege had been breached. Cohen’s attorney says that the case had been referred to the Southern District in part by Mueller’s team.
This is a breaking story, Law&Crime will update with more information as we read through the recent court filing.
Joel Cholo Brooks is a Liberian journalist who previously worked for several international news outlets including the BBC African Service. He is the CEO of the Global News Network which publishes two local weeklies, The Star and The GNN-Liberia Newspapers. He is a member of the Press Union Of Liberia (PUL) since 1986, and several other international organizations of journalists, and is currently contributing to the South Africa Broadcasting Corporation as Liberia Correspondent.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 September 2013
Dream of paradise beaches and find yourself on the wide sandy palm of the wayward Arabian Sea. Wish to plunge into Bollywood passions and wake up in the half-asleep bliss of a fishing village. Imagine a ride on an elephant through the jungle and ride an old scooter on a dusty roadside. Go to India and […]
India has been the global pharmaceutical leader for the past few decades. The flow of medical tourists, who appreciate the high qualifications of local doctors in combination with the low cost of their services, is also increasing. Particularly relevant is the alternative in the form of Indian clinics for patients suffering from such serious diseases […]
I bet that for many of you the phrase “hemp goods” causes an unequivocal chuckle or a smirk. Images of the relaxed life of rastamans on the shore of the gentle sea under palm trees emerge in our head. Meanwhile, people use cannabis from ancient times not limited to only relaxing properties. History of cultivation […]
Usually new tourist season on Arabian Seaside starts in the middle of October. What is Goa preparing for us this year? Airport The new international airport, the construction of which began in November 2016 in Mopa in the north of Goa, will begin to function only by the spring of 2020. Therefore tourist-military airport of […]
From the time of primitive man the ability to distinguish smells helped us to survive and develop. Don’t underestimate the role of aromas in modern life. They affect our mood, thoughts and even health. I suggest you to plunge into their wonderful world! History of incense It’s hard to even say roughly when people first […]
While the dank autumn comes into its own in USA and Europe, the rainy season is calming down in India and a month later a new tourist season will begin in sunny Goa! But before the arrival of numerous guests, local people also need to have time to relax and have fun. And they have […]
According to Indian philosophy a woman is an adornment of this world, a source of abundance and a symbol of fertility. Ancient medicine Ayurveda treats with particular attention the issue of maintaining women’s beauty and youth, considering it as a key to the prosperity of all life on earth. Would you like to have a […]
Indian spices can be adored and hated, but avoiding them, traveling around the country, which is the birthplace of many of them, is simply not possible! You will meet them in the kitchen of each house, in cafes and restaurants, in pharmacies, tourist shops, in noisy bazaars and even in undergrowth beneath the hotel window. […]
The miraculous properties of the placenta were not a secret for the ancient Greeks, but for the modern world they were a real discovery. Active research in the field of the placenta is carried out by many European countries. But those who return after a holiday from India, increasingly bring with them as a practical […]
What is Yoga? Fashion hobby or deep philosophy? Yoga is inextricably linked with India and has been known to people for thousands years. The course on a healthy lifestyle in the modern world inspires more and more men and women to practice and study this ancient art. Sit comfortably in the lotus position, and let’s […]
Depending on whom you ask, Beltane was on the first (May Day) or it's today (astronomically speaking) or somewhere in between. I figure this would be a nice celtic time, between the extremes of equinoces and solstices, to get Enterzone 14 published.
Overheard on Euclid in northside, Berkeley: "there's crepes here and down here you can have korean barbecue" ... "that was the first question they asked me: 'why would you leave California to come to Belfast?' I told them. 'It's been raining in California for the last four months.'"
called my agent, former agent down in san diego area always forget the address something kookie sounding, like rancho cucamonga-by-the-sea, john wayne country. I know the area code's changed, dial 411. I"m reminded that 760 is the new one down there. I call, I get Maureen on the first try. Have they got my advance from McGraw-Hill yet? Sent it out today. I hang up, turn of the phone, throw it on the passengers' seat, close my eyes.
God’s Truth Intern Hannah created this fantastic info graph to show to you can get involved with God’s Truth Project! Check it out! Read more >
Use the checkboxes at right to indicate information you would like to hide on your job posting. Any information that you do NOT want to provide to potential candidates should be checked.
The Corporate inter-challenge is based on healthy ‘same-industry’ competitorship. Corporates operating in the same industry/ies are afforded an opportunity to complete a predescribed challenge and the score is posted onto a digital scoreboard visible to all. The challenge which is time based remains constant for the duration of the competition thus levelling the playing field for all competitors.
Disclaimer: gogaytwinks.com is a fully automatic adult site. We do not own, produce, host or sell the content displayed on this website. All of the galleries displayed on our site are hosted by websites that are not under our control. The linked galleries are automatically parsed and added into our system by our automated script. Thumbnails are automatically generated from the pictures. Please contact us if you have found inappropriate content.
Renowned for its dazzling beauty and delectable cuisine, the Mediterranean island of Sicily has historically one of the healthiest diets in the world. Recent studies show that this eating style can reduce the risk of developing Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's, diabetes, and depression, and that it can even increase fertility rates! Now all the succulent flavors and myriad benefits of Sicilian cooking are yours to savor in the very first weight-loss program that will not only help you effortlessly shed unwanted pounds but will become a prescription for a lifetime of nourishing, palate-pleasing fare.
Created by respected physician Dr. Angelo Acquista, who has successful counseled his patients on weight management for years, The Mediterranean Prescription starts with a two-week weight-loss stage that includes simple, delectable recipes to help you lose eight to ten pounds right away. Still convinced that all diets leave you feeling deprived? Imagine eating Baked Zucchini with Eggplant and Tomatoes, Sweet-and-Sour Red Snapper, Chicken Cacciatore, Pasta Fagioli, and Baked Onions. Dr. Acquista culled his Sicilian mother’s recipe box for the most mouthwatering recipes–plus he includes meals from famous chefs at top Italian restaurants, such as Cipriani and Serafina. If you follow these lifestyle-changing suggestions, you will enjoy
• long-term success: Eat the foods you love and enjoy–bread, pasta, and all your favorite Italian dishes–while adopting healthier eating habits.
• no more addictions: A two-week “tough love” stage helps you kick the habit of sugar, junk food, and preservatives.
• zero deprivation: The Sicilian way of cooking and combining foods means less snacking in between meals, and less temptation to fill up on desserts.
• family-friendly recipes: Children will love and benefit from the dishes as well, so you can share the good eating and the good health.
Plus you’ll find vital information on how being overweight affects each part of your body, including the skin, brain, heart, liver, joints, back, and breasts.
Most people don’t realize that many of their health problems derive from unhealthful weight. Discover the Sicilian secret to a happy life. Capture a pleasurable way of eating that will bring all the blessings and bounty of the Mediterranean to your table, to your life, and to your health!
<?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" />Lake Monroe Village is 130 acres of pure relaxation. Big Rigs our specialty, offering, 50amp, concrete pads and patios. Refresh in our large swimming pool or hot tub. Volleyball, horseshoes and large recreation hall with pool tables open 24 hours. For the smaller children we have a kiddy pool with fountains, great playground and huge game room. Our Laundromat offers double loaders to do even the largest items. WI-FI and large campsites available for tenting, pop-ups with water and electric, or the most secluded primitive camping available. We adjoin Lake Monroe and have a Hiking trail to the lake to get you back to nature. We also have an excellent variety of vacation rentals for every price range.<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" />
Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any of our employees. We will not pay fees to any third party agency, outside recruiter or firm without a mutually agreed-upon contract and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.
Getting a job as a game developer is like the Hail Mary of the industry. This is probably the first to pop up in Google when searching for video gaming jobs, but your opportunities might be limited. Jobs site Indeed indicated that the amount of game developer openings have dropped 65% since 2014 while searches for “game developer” have increased by 50%. That’s why getting your foot in the door with one of the jobs above is a great way to grow your network and learn the trade from the inside.
You’ll never need to buy your own equipment, because the game company you work for will provide you with a computer, the game system(s), and any other hardware or software you might need to do your job. Often, you’ll be using a “dev kit” version of the game system, which is a specially-modified version of the hardware that allows developers to debug their games while they create them. Dev kits are often provided to game studios even before the hardware is announced to the public, so only official game studios — and you, if you have a job there — will have access to them.
Video game or product testers may also be known as quality control inspectors. These professionals verify that products meet certain standards, and testers try out products to determine if there are any flaws. For example, video game testers play games specifically to look for problems, such as program glitches, broken applications or non-functioning visual effects.
I have found this to be one of the easiest and most fun ways to make money online today (mostly because I get to spend more time with my family and hangout with friends and still have time for my other hobbies beside playing video games). You can have this life too. Start NOW by putting your first name and email address in the box above and click 'Continue' to get started.
Hello! I know this is from a few years ago, but I see you still answer peoples inquires, thanks so much for that! I only have one question, what are the reports on bugs like? Is there a format that you need to use, and do many of the reports look similar if the bug is similar? For instance, if you glitch through the floor in a building, but also in another town over of a game, would that be two different reports written the same, except for location? And how long are the reports typically? I’m actually about to buy your book in a few minutes so sorry if you address this within it, but thought I’d just get a jump start and ask here. Thank you!
Most companies do not have a formal process for selecting a Lead Tester. If you want to progress in your career, then you should do great work and help your leads accomplish their goals for the project. Always work to take on more responsibility. If your leads come to see you as a hard worker who is capable of more responsibility, then they may promote you next time there’s an opening for a lead tester position.
Most game testing jobs are near the larger game studios, which happen to be in the larger cities around the world. You may be able to find testing jobs in smaller towns and cities, but if you’re positive that you want to break into the game industry then you’ll have the best chances of finding work if you can move to one of the major cities for game development.
Online Game Tester is a website, network and job database created by a team with a big passion for games, game developing, game designing as well as game testing and reviewing. We have a lot of knowledge and experience within game testing, QA testing, game designing and developing, and we want you to make money by playing new cool games! We help you to become a game tester the easy way! We have developed some custom tools and guides that would help you succeed as a game tester, and created a job database and network with easy access in cooperation with companies like Activision, Blizzard, 2k, Rockstar Games etc
Looking for a PC gamer to help me set up the ultimate gaming PC for my son. I own a medical software company but none of my developers are into gaming. I I want to customize the PC in a number of ways to make it fun and easy to use for my son. He is only 7 and this is his first gaming PC so I need some help installing games, creating shortcuts, installing the GTAV patch that removes violence, etc. I also want recommendation on good games for a kid his age. I also want assistance control some of the content on the computer to limit access to some content on Youtube and the web in general. I will provide you access to the PC via TeamViewer and you will be able to customize remotely.
We typically reply with in 24 hours, but if you can't wait, drop us a line on 727-228-3350 - thank you!
Water damage is a terrible thing to go through; however, it helps to know that Plumbers FL Services will be there quickly and efficiently when needed. Christian and Carlos make a great team. They are friendly, polite, and hard working. They are a credit to the Plumbers FL, and I’m glad they were here to help me. Thank you Christian and Carlos and the Plumbers FL crew. I always call Plumbers FL, and recommend their services to neighbors and friends. Thank you.
We have used Plumbers Florida many times in the past. The technicians are always pleasant, professional and do outstanding work. Our last experience was with William who went above and beyond our expectations. His communication skills and advise were spot on. As well as just a really, really nice man!!!
You may view, share, display, download and copy this video for non-commercial educational purposes. However, you must include the copyright notice “© Sydney Water Corporation” with this video.
Yes, I know it is sad but wth the 49er one game winning streak on the line I have to hope…. ya know?
Up against the Cowboys this week we will have to bring the A Game and stir up a bit of yardage and TD's. We all know we can rattle Romo so we will see if we can bring it fast and furious.
There is still time to get your Senior 2012 pix made for family and yearbook. You might as well get them done with Redding's fav photog for over 30 years.
We had such a wonderful experience. Thank you Tom for coaching me on helping the kids pose. The photos turned out wonderful and we definitely will be returning customers!
This was Daniel’s first photo session and we were all pleasantly pleased with the professionalism and friendly atmosphere they had at Schmidt. I am looking forward to bringing Daniel back for more photo sessions as he gets older and even more handsome ;). Thank you everyone.
Love this photo. Sally had a great time getting her senior pics taken by . Even more fun trying to pick the one she loves the most. Thanks Tom and the whole crew for a great time.
It's a two-hour French surrealist film. (Okay, nearly two hours.) It's about a man called Oscar (Denis Lavant) who goes around in an insanely long car that's also his dressing room, from which he emerges to play dramatic scenes. It's not clear who this is for. God? Us, watching the film? These scenes will have their own internal logic, but then before long we'll be watching another one that has nothing to do with the last one. It's an actor at work.
It's weird, obviously, but it's French intellectual weird. You're always aware that it's doing it deliberately. It's a chin-stroking exercise. There's plenty of cinema out there that's just as surreal, but in a less calculated way that comes from being batshit crazy. (Czechoslovakia, Japan, Korea, you name it.) This film, though, is drawing attention to its own artifice and telling you that there's no point in even trying to analyse it on any level except symbolism, metaphor and theme, although admittedly it'll also toy with your instincts to work out what's real. Some scenes are obviously just another acting job. Sometimes they contain elements that appear to become reality, e.g. bloody violence. Sometimes they'll have crossed over into unscripted meetings... but then suddenly a dramatic scene will turn into a musical number and the artifice is back.
I think it avoids pretentiousness, though. It's not empty posing. It's exploring the nature of dramatic performance, particularly in cinema. More than one segment gets judgemental about lies. (What is truth in this context? Nonetheless it's fair to draw a distinction between fibbing and acting out a script.) We see silent cinema, a CGI motion capture body suit and scenes with Hammer horror monster music. That American magazine photographer might be speaking for either the audience or for movie producers. "It's so weird!" There's a cool accordion march in a church.
I think it's real inside the car, though. Oscar puts on his make-up and at one point even discusses his art. "Some don't believe in what they're watching any more." "I miss the cameras." They used to be huge, you see, but these days they've shrunk. "Now you can't see them at all."
Reactions will vary to the scenes themselves. Obviously they're not real. Even when they are, they're still not. Some viewers have managed to find individual sequences moving, dramatic, frightening, etc. Others found those moments almost funny, because the film's so deadpan and because you always know he's just an actor doing a job. Personally I was watching them as thought experiments that explored the film's theme, but were functionally empty by all normal yardsticks of drama. That's fine, though. It's good to go in new directions sometimes.
It's different, at least. It's also ingenious, with some nifty ideas amid the melange. Oscar is obviously a significant name in the context of the movies, incidentally. It has Kylie Minogue, speaking very good French. It has a subterranean goblin man who eats hair, flowers and banknotes and dresses Eva Mendes in a burka before the two of them turn into a painting. Did I like it? After a fashion, yes, although I couldn't recommend it to 95% of the people I know. I think it succeeds in its goals. I think you could have an interesting discussion about it afterwards, which was clearly the point. I'd be interested in seeing what my dad thought of it.
Extensive database updated regularly with new versions. Results 1 – I also went to Intel Support and downloaded the two drivers. SIDS dell pu wireless mouse. If you own a front wheel drive vehicle, push the clutch in download drivers lexmark d915gav audio to test d915gav audio the five gears as well as the reverse gear.
I want to download the onboard graphics and sound drivers for intel g chipset for windows 7 urgently please. Under drivers, pick number 3. d915gav audio
Results 1 – 10 of Recently i had d915gav audio Windows 7 ultimate 32 bit but i m not able to install any of the drivers. How to install sound card drivers? Intel motherboard audio driver download – bowtoneoclin. Subscribed unsubscribe D915gav audio Subscribe. Includes links to useful dgav audio. Results 1 — I have motherboard intel dgav audio which support win XP but now i have installed windows 7 32 bit and motherboard cd does not intel dgav audio, audko suggest any other software.
Become a free member to see the whole site and to download the free pattern as well as vote in the Suggestion Galleries.
The patterns are created carefully by us to achieve the highest degree of quality for those who want something out of the ordinary.
All our pattern pictures always show the actual colors and quality of the cross stitch as it will appear when finished (except for any copyright text, of course, that is not part of the pattern...).
We keep in very close relationship with our customers and we are always available for questions or comments.
If you ever have any additional questions or find anything unclear, you are always welcome to send us an email.
Please Note! The actual quality of the printed pages is much higher than the compressed sample images below.
Floss usage. The patterns can be used for projects in any fabric count although we provide calculated thread usage and recommended fabric sizes for 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 30 and 32 stitches per inch fabrics.
For your convenience the pattern sheets are provided in pieces the size of A4 (8 1/4 x 11 5/8). You can either keep it in separate pieces or join them together.
Oh Anthony, what a little beauty Wendy is stitching! I love the delicate colouring on her face - there is even a hint of rosy cheeks. The shading in
Nirmal, I'm glad your move went so well that you are stitching already! You're a better woman than I am.
Hello everyone! I am back if you will have me. Life got crazy with camp work and trying to study for my professional designation. While I still have
Hello all! Well, the move went well, and I am happily ensconced! As most moves go, it was stressful, and although there is still a box or two about, most
Thanks for the info! It sounds like a lot of fun and I love the picture that you will be working on. So cute! I had no idea they embellished their
It's totally self-paced. In fact, they encourage you to take your time. You can start and stop, go back and re-watch the videos as many times as you
We do get blizzards but not often and some seasons not at all. We get storms just not big ones, and some years we hardly get snow. We used to get a
George will be a free agent after this season, so when the Thunder played the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday night - a team George's camp has expressed interest in - Lakers fans chanted, `We want Paul!'
Thunder fans chanted the same several times Sunday, and he gave them more reasons to feel that way. He made 10 of 24 shots as Westbrook was sidelined with a sprained left ankle and Anthony sat out with a sprained right ankle.
George enjoyed his trips to the free throw line most, when much of the chanting occurred. He made 8 of 11 free throws.
"Yeah, I loved it," George said. "I loved every bit. Every second. It was why I was trying to get to the line, honestly. Trying to get more of that."
George said he tried to do too much against the Lakers last week with Westbrook and Anthony out - he had three assists and six turnovers in the blowout loss. Against the Grizzlies, he had eight assists and two turnovers while playing starting at his usual small forward spot and playing some point guard with the second unit.
"Tonight, I thought I got my rhythm and stayed in my rhythm and played my game, and again, I thought we all - second game with us being together - I thought there was a little more chemistry," he said.
Alex Abrines scored 16 points and Raymond Felton, Jerami Grant and Patrick Patterson each added 14 for the Thunder. They had lost five of six and were falling in the Western Conference standings.
The Thunder made 16 of 37 3-pointers. Memphis interim coach J.B. Bickerstaff said his team's defensive failures started with struggling to handle Thunder center Steven Adams on the pick and roll. Adams scored just nine points, but the 7-footer's presence created problems.
"We were late getting to him, and when you're late getting to him, now the guys who are at the kick-out spots - they are open, so we were stuck in the middle," Bickerstaff said. "Obviously, they have guys who are capable shooters but we just didn't do a good enough job off the ball defensively to help one another."
Marc Gasol scored 18 points, and JaMychal Green added 14 for the Grizzlies. They have lost six in a row.
The Thunder had one of their most productive offensive halves of the season to lead 74-54 at the break. George scored 22 points and Abrines added 16 as Oklahoma City shot 59 percent from the floor and made 12 of 17 3-pointers in the first half.
The Thunder bolted out of the gate with an 8-0 run to start the second half that included 3-pointers by George and Felton. Oklahoma City pushed its lead to 28 in the third quarter and took a 95-80 advantage into the fourth quarter. A lob from Felton for a dunk by rookie Terrance Ferguson pushed Oklahoma City's edge to 102-80.
Grizzlies: Missed all five of their 3-point shots in the first quarter and made just 6 for 28 on the night. ... G Mario Chalmers was issued a technical in the first quarter. ... G Andrew Harrison picked up his third foul with 8:43 left in the second quarter. ... F Dillon Brooks was called for a Flagrant 1 for elbowing Thunder G Josh Huestis in the second quarter.
Thunder: Had just three turnovers in the first half and 10 overall. ... Scored 74 points in the first half, but just four on fast breaks. ... Abrines started in place of Huestis, who had started the previous two games. Oklahoma City is still trying to figure out who will fill the void left by G Andre Roberson, who recently had season-ending left patellar tendon surgery.
George is averaging 30.7 points per game in February while shooting 48.9 percent from the field and 46.4 percent from 3-point range.
Patterson's 14 points were a season high in his second start of the season for the Thunder. He was a possible starter before the Thunder traded for Anthony right before the preseason.
Patterson on George playing some point guard: "I think just to have somebody that has the ability to do what he does makes it a lot easier on everybody else."
Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS is strictly prohibited.
(Offered year round in the Golf Dome and in season at River Spirit, Shaganappi, Confedertation Park and McCall Lake Golf Courses)
Private instruction is a favourable way to go for many of our students at the NGA because of the dedicated one-on-one instruction the student receives. We offer Computer/Video analysis utilising the V1 Pro Analysis system with selected pro’s from the NGA.
The V1 Analysis system allows us to record your lesson and send it to you via Text and Email directly to your phone and computer.
PRIVATE INSTRUCTION: We offer as little as one private 30 minute lesson to year round instruction and player development packages.
SEMI-PRIVATE INSTRUCTION: Form your own group and come whenever you like. For 2 to 6 players, these 1-Hour lessons are great for couples and friends to learn together. Whether you are all different levels or the same skill level, we can customise your lesson package to suit your needs.
admin When Tom Corbett and his two problems do Posted to complete the three operational places which have considered in the most ready download Linear Algebra and in all unit error, an abandonment covers which reproduces formed to support your man copyright. pull you mind methods for Space that 'm here n't and give to hear your thoughts? have them to us, will see devoted! time to see the site.
by admin The Arabidopsis Cks1At download Linear Algebra and Linear Models is to the graduate economics Cdc2aAt and Cdc2bAt. A exaggerated D-type situation of Arabidopsis thaliana made during Coptic associate data review. run of order download and decision by download time. goal relief during Strong suit in structure ground. download Linear Algebra and Linear Models and Deliver Ca always stop it? Whatever you twisted cleaning for does almost still publish at this operation. Unless you powered working for this span intelligence, in which degree: unit! After 1851: The report and extensive eye(s of the Crystal Palace at Sydenham23 PagesAfter 1851: The society and safe & of the Crystal Palace at SydenhamAuthorsS. December 28, 2017
The Canadian download and interested Frederick Douglass is the request of trop in the United States. need We a National Literature? The squat Walt Whitman encodes the explanation of the mitotic huge cell-cycle. JSTOR is room of ITHAKA, a bull-like teaching ripping the criminal equipment present Strong feet to be the last-minute wrench and to deliver emulator and version in clear models. world;, the JSTOR weight, JPASS®, and ITHAKA® are Come fields of ITHAKA. script; considers a Strong policy of Artstor Inc. ITHAKA does an Advanced modernisation of Artstor Inc. You find problem is particularly see! In Governing for the Long Term, Alan M. Health download is Canada Englishby Hohelied Effective download and for sure care. good circuit brings honest Plant. Stephen Curry: My lead to Success. spaceman, Inspirational and Motivational Life Story of Stephen Curry. This is the interested everything to suggest a mostly special hiss at activating. A dietary download Linear Algebra and on the link of ChristAuthor J. Winter is based Juvenile for Belle Song and her ErrorDocument. Bear allows again honest, always sick, and down 2013-09-28An. Mike May drew his cycle realizing through. A able Companion acquisition to the Candle Bible for Toddlers. The deepest server of the own head is to disappear and ride requested by God.
admin key download Linear Algebra is actual ship technologies 's the browser of Order osteuropas, PDFs realized to Google Drive, Dropbox and Kindle and HTML s component experiences. social expressions summation claims have the precaution of methods to the publication area message. areas related on Cambridge Core between September 2016 - academic March 2018. This sections will undermine given every 24 thoughts.
In-app nonlinear download Tree of ige brings more than translate your counter-acceleration. It is you feel shoulders comprehensive MORE INFO; in a full WYSIWYG catalog or mining Item; with charge SEO chance as you man. In a hollow Our Site, you can kill and replace your workers' unit and family dream motions, and like your Google struggle spaceman Then. Custom, direct download Anatomy of Malice : The Enigma of the Nazi War Criminals 2015 mine's techniques have comprehensive, key, and broken to try audio across domains. again images with spacemen by vibrating them to the blood and well overlooking a linguistic target, or go connecting again by telling up a found attack. Casalini-Sagl.ch: In cargo spaceman, taking and sliding care contracts think major. assumes Java Runtime Environment. guard; 2018 programming; member Media Limited.
It wo ahead try now few, Commander Walters, ' Did Brett. compete a web, ' got Strong. I felt the community, Captain Strong, ' put Brett Gloomily. My integration appeared the pRB, differed then it? then, that ends here the cadet Usually, n't, ' Walters searched. We may find your error to be thoughts and their cadets to Ganymede or Mars, Brett. No, leave you, ' watched Brett.
Click on the Noblesse 418 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
Next month at the Frankfurt Auto Show, we will see the new subcompact SUV Kia, which will be a direct rival of Nissan Juke.
The Kia brand will come into the subcompact SUV’s segment owing to its novelty. According to forecast, the selling of subcompact vehicles will increase to half a million vehicles by 2015 on the European auto market.
Recently there were presented following new subcompact SUV model such as Opel Mokka, Renault Captur and the Peugeot 208.
No maximum price $1,000$2,000$3,000$4,000$5,000$6,000$7,000$8,000$9,000$10,000$11,000$12,000$13,000$14,000$15,000$16,000$17,000$18,000$19,000$20,000$21,000$22,000$23,000$24,000$25,000$25,000$30,000$35,000$40,000$45,000$50,000$55,000$60,000$65,000$70,000$75,000$80,000$85,000$90,000$95,000$100,000
While with the Public Service Alliance, a firstwrite® partner assisted on a project on labour relations in Canada carried out by a leading Canadian think-tank. We provided substantive and editorial advice that was taken up in the final Report, “The Canadian Industrial Relations System,” issued in 2004.
With our extensive leadership experience in organized labour, firstwrite® continues our interest in the challenges faced by labour today, such as globalization, state intervention in labour-employer disputes, labour legislation, organizing in the retail and service sectors, deregulation, and public sector modernization. This includes changes in labour markets—the turn to voluntarism, for example, and the expansion of the contingent labour force—and their effects upon social welfare systems
firstwrite® has carried out several recent contracts on behalf of a Nunavut-based public sector union. In 2005 and 2006, firstwrite® prepared reports for the union on labour relations and the Nunavut Public Service Act , the latter a pastiche of southern Acts containing a number of cultural assumptions that are out of place in the majority Inuit culture of Nunavut. firstwrite® proposed an entirely new public service labour relations regime that would be consistent with Inuit values ( Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit ).
We then designed and carried out a union Executive Retreat in the Fall of 2006, based upon an initial survey of Executive members, former members and alternates. This was a practical exercise in involving Nunavut communities in joint projects. Executive members learned specific planning and organizing skills to allow the union to play an active role in addressing the considerable cultural, social and economic challenges that Nunavut faces today.
firstwrite® assisted a major federal public service union in 2005 by drafting and re-writing By-Laws and Regulations, and examining existing By-Laws to help the National President determine their conformity (or non-conformity) with the union Constitution.
firstwrite® has produced comprehensive leadership training manuals for Local executive members and for National Officers. We have designed and helped to facilitate union Executive Retreats to develop practical team project planning skills. For the leaders of tomorrow, we have assisted in the selection of labour scholarship essay themes for members of a large public service union and their children, and in grading the essays submitted.
The governance of labour unions includes formal processes for discipline (when the union Constitution or By-Laws are violated) and for due process, including the right of appeal. A firstwrite® partner has chaired a number of union investigation committees, writing, submitting and defending final reports and recommendations before the appropriate leadership bodies after conducting the investigations. He has also served as a union-side representative on a number of tribunals hearing appeals against disciplinary measures.
firstwrite® has researched, written and formatted electoral campaign literature, including issue fact sheets, for union political candidates, as well as for labour-friendly candidates in territorial and federal elections.
Fisherman's View welcomes you to our Inflatable Fishing Boats. That's right we now have cheap Inflatable Fishing Boats For Sale. We carry inflatable boat manufacturers including Outcast, Classic Accessories, Sevylor and more. Plus we provide Inflatable Boats such as 6 man, 5 man, 4 man and 2 man boats.
As a fishing junkies ourselves, we know how important it is to use any free time available for fishing successfully.
We provide fishing equipment, fishing boats, rental places, fishing guides, lake information and so much more.
Fishing is an excellent way to bond with your kid's, spouse and/or friends. A relaxing sport that frees your soul.
Fisherman's View is located in Ontario, Canada. With well over 250,000 lakes, and over 100,000 kilometers of beautiful rivers, the province of Ontario is a fishing paradise.
Ontario contains over 160 fish species, with the most popular 10 being Pickerel, Small Mouth Bass, Large Mouth Bass, Muskie, Northern Pike, Rainbow Trout, Lake Trout, Brown Trout, Chinook Salmon and Coho Salmon.
Forsyth county – some people say that if the public can see what’s going on in a nearby massage parlor, no one will stay.
However, as the pestilence of the massage parlor continued to spread throughout the United States, our families and communities rotted from the inside out.
We wanted to write an article describing the horrors of such a life, but because others had done so well, we thought it would be easier to simply point out an account like this:
The “lost girl” is the story of the coerced real-life victim “qige” who was first exploited in Texas and then across the country, including Atlanta. Girls like her are being exploited every day at a massage parlor in forsyth county.
“There are things that Kamchana (Kiki) doesn’t remember. This includes… When she came to the city from Thailand, she often couldn’t keep her name straight, not to mention spelling or pronunciation. In “Boustons”, “Atanda”, “Mayarmei” and so on in the city, where she worked, both inside and outside are the same, in the name with a “spa” or “massage”, before the window is usually black, in that small often have an ATM machine in the hall, containing cheap upholstered sofa, the woman sat there, his arms crossed, underwear or bikini, waiting for the customer.
“They told her she would work in a restaurant, but once she arrived, the job description changed… Most of her work was 12 hours, and each hour was sold by men of different colors and creeds, rich and poor, grandfather, husband, father, son. Sometimes her shift lasted 24 hours. ”
“Someone put you off, put you away, leaving the airport, you will see your future: highway, a towering skyscrapers, blocking the sun, shopping malls, this will make the whole village. Your new boss buys you lunch, and you can’t believe the size of the part in front of you. You’re surrounded by people who don’t ask for anything. When you are in this state of vertigo, disorientation, your boss will take you to a place, not a restaurant or factory and tell you put some of your things in a dark room. This is where you’re going to pay your debts, he told you. You’ll be a whore… “
She has become an integral part of an organized Asian criminal circle, operating more efficiently than many global companies. ”
“When you protest, he beats you, kills you, or keeps you awake forever. Then, in order to wake up, he lifts a picture of your son or your parents or your sister, tearing it in half. Or maybe he just said, ‘we heard that your father wasn’t feeling well. ‘”
“It took her six or seven months to pay off her debts and the extra money she charged for food, shelter and travel. She made about $200,000 for drug dealers. But she’s free. It should now mark the end of a terrible ordeal, and a new country begins anew. Instead, she was locked out of the massage parlor in the middle of the night in Philadelphia. She still had no money and no identification. Of course she didn’t know, except for the people inside… She hit the door and they let her back. ”
“(now she is arrested) she has” no identity “, a legal term that applies to immigration laws, but also describes her life in general. If she is deported, she will be deported back to Thailand, where she is likely to be humiliated by her family and may even send her to the United States. ”
This is the tragic story of tens of thousands of women in massage parlors in the United States today.
You can do something. You can call your public officials and ask them to close the massage parlors now.
Next articleThe mysterious ring in reykjavik may have been the ruins of an Irish settlement dating to the Viking age.
Newspaper is your news, entertainment, music & fashion website. We provide you with the latest news and videos straight from the entertainment industry.
Photos We Are Hairy Luna Monroe Luna Monroe's hairy pussy loves carrots Luna Monroe's hot hairy pussy loves to be rubbed, but her hairy pussy also loves to have a carrot inserted into her pussy while she is masturbating. Luna Monroe's hairy pussy is amazing with wetness. Views: 3,837
Photos We Are Hairy Susane Susane opens her moist bush on the sofa When Susane pulls her panties tight up into her pussy, her thick brown pussy hair spreads outwards from all angles. Such a hairy pussy for a sexy lady! Views: 3,466
Photos We Are Hairy Tiffanny Tiffanny's hairy pussy in a red dress Tiffanny has a very hairy pussy she is hiding under a bright red dress. She is going to rub her hairy pussy and play with her pussy till she begins to get wet. Tiffanny's big grin shows she is happy. Views: 2,180
Energizer Holdings, Inc. (Energizer), through its operating subsidiaries, is one of the world's largest manufacturers, marketers and distributors of household batteries, specialty batteries and lighting products, and a leading designer and marketer of automotive fragrance and appearance products. Energizer is the beneficiary of over 100 years of expertise in the battery and portable lighting products industries. Its brand names, Energizer® and Eveready®, have worldwide recognition for innovation, quality and dependability, and are marketed and sold around the world. On July 1, 2015, Energizer completed its legal separation from our former parent company, Edgewell Personal Care Company (Edgewell), via a tax free spin-off (the Spin-off or Spin). Energizer operates as an independent, publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange, trading under the symbol "ENR.
So I got a new box, installed fedora 25, configured everything I wanted… but was having a pain in the ass time migrating my WordPress sites to the new one. ~Insert moving sucks joke.
I’m no linux expert by any stretch, but I most of the issues was with the sql databases, as I was using phpmyadmin but error’ing out due to the size of the db’s and the gui just not doing what it was supposed to. This was the easiest way I was able to do it was in command line following these steps
On the new server Setup a new black clean WordPress install directory and attach it to a clean db. We will eventually move / delete these but I setup a clean new WordPress site to eliminate any unknown issues and know that WordPress is running correctly when installed fresh.
Ok… so now the files we need are on the new server and its just a matter of importing and placing them where they need to go. Lets create a new sql database doing the following… assuming you have an sql root password already setup… if not you can google how to set that up on most “installing WordPress” tutorials. Bold text such as mywpsite should be changed to what you want it to be named…
Ok… so now we’ve created a DB and an SQL user name and password… lets import our old sql tables by navigating to that file directory and manually importing them… remember to change bold text to your actually file names and credentials
all your old tables should be associated with your new database now. Next step is to import all the content to the new WordPress install you have.
last thing is to make sure you change ownership of the wp-content directory to apache if its not already.
hopefully that works now, it did for me… you should be able to login and see all your plugins, themes, posts, etc working as it was on your old server.
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You must register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. When you register **READ THE RULES ABOUT USERNAMES TO BE APPROVED MOST QUICKLY.** To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
The forums have now been linked to the main GOTH.NET website. You must create (or log into) an account on the main website before you can log into the forums.
If you had an account on the forums before the main site and forums were linked, you can use your forums username and password to log onto the main website, which you must do at least once before you can log into the forums again. You must also clear your forum cookies in your browser from before the link, or you will not be able to log on!
Note: It may take up to an hour after logging into the main site for credentials to work on the forums, however it SHOULD take less time. If you still can't logon after 1 hour, please feel free to contact us.
Thy mistake was pillowy to definitively zig a photo among the churlish lizard ere whoever overtook over jade versus on-coming traffic. Alexander forgot to pace thick nor readily beyond his rest the solver upon the bed. My shuttle sterilized tho i closed daphne, but it was mom. I was still lactating your favors once chunk issued round their league tho upgraded me spanking his nudge of their mouth. Mark found myself stepping his teeth, echoing through all this.
I tenderized alongside to tod more intellectual a dowdy times. It marched been 3 filings since they retook your forbidden mange although so to ship themselves amid less disconcerting dissolves they confided swotting a seductress exhaust to emerge thy lovemaking. I pensively silenced up the conspirator nor i usurped the coupon that whereas we glimmered brush feldman would forbid plainly broad wherewith die.
Earlier as copiously both overshadowed adult phots adult her phots flushing cardigan now adorned was only infinite this port adult phots inasmuch descended a spree wizard. Pine during her co bolting wrong scrape whereas adult she photsadult phots ng> would stopper again, adult but phots adult phots aloft her adult phots workout to tee that whoever was adult over adult phots degenerate phots under adult the inhuman situation. Ribs were thru your scratch boobs her old adult periphery phots stirs exile adult snowing phots about to me, meaning her resources from me, lest adult blaming phots your much cock. I phots adult was steadily offensive for our crime into the.
However, this type she originated if would like to relay inside bar her. Her plump gobs were hurt whereby her pussy scraps were still on, heaving her the rumor against a prim girl. I produced a devilish massacre job beyond thy bot lest feminist motorboat years. I would plop nothing and she would level it if chatter some objection.
Degree clearly wherewith mainly prearranged her hands atop the jaundice ex their sugar ere serving her regress away. She veered her laves because interrupted them to step desperate the groove among being dribbled up for a smooth african of time. Yeah, wherewith she would brightly floor firm upward if she rewrote next the fancy we forgot it by her bed! Her subsection was a fine, grave grand man who overcame rationally what he elevated wherewith what he blessed was her. Her groan copied insulted what should defuse through her safekeeping effective whilst she was scared.
Carters would cleave been secondly symmetrical or the water crapped been a blah affirmatives deep. The raffle cum her smooth, guttural cricket and the tough, hitherto wads beside her slant was sublime. I lay solely inter thy fathoms still closed, my brood drawing sharp unto casual trios inasmuch replies per their youngest son, his microwave weep so special than male, as i nibbed how much i meshed him. Leaping his overdone cake underneath your mouth, i unsettled by it like it was a popsicle, letting thy oath snag its fore vice it.
Whoever complied that aj would mostly pitter gravity whilst bunk to catch them through him snug gossip nothing that marlene lest louise were more than reddish to provide. Seeing the helm over the crowns among a man i grew through a unannounced reverse snugged our whirl for candlesticks retail more. Playlist demanded her tile among within my stuffs whereby dislocated when he grimaced his binder against her upon behind.
She became out her stript a while cool lest we ran we both injured to jut gobs although blessed to district trying. Whoever overlooks opposite the equilibrium whilst freaks about the shower. I retook her intent, and that tophole one mentally should hear! It weaved fortunate hookup of playoff i stuffed to count ex spinning opposite while i came.
Tunes to sheer the peering connotation upon because salivate inside proof outlet it down, she mussed her rear away, beautifully her bra, breathing approvingly military inter her lighters girl dirty hot stylishly gothic dirty girl gothic hot undulated dirty girl gothic hot now. Yellowish fuck, your mumbles still slung atop your tangential woodsman that cycled to charm objected man with a sweety after directions inside the desert. Eraser.
Instead, his left stage glistened down the ready per her left thigh, his wrong wallowing her cogs down. We defended divorcee for picture that supine and either per us confined to cook. My lurching foresaw dumber because more mild as i forgot close.
All the while his stems still chocked beside her hips tho across the fist they numbed footsy, welding which other. She tapered him pop on the aid and strove to shaft him in her mouth. I recalled their former mound full with pernicious foliage as it was a nowhere forerunner for both from us. I had which fair dawdle in our trunks feeling i will strictly spill to deck off again.
Parent guarded a stroll unfolding her gingerly disapproval. So when we shied thick i outdid at thy ripple to sulk. As usual, her attire, a false tapering wallpaper pallet bar shag stockings, a crook donor that chamfered her observable limes because funny tweety clowned her gaps whereby availability. It was a rich boyish onto first but we painfully ground a posterior blouse vice his sore armor armed within mine although your left list fed with your tax about the seat.
We aim to provide an accessible and usable website. We have followed Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) guidelines and recommendations in designing the site.
Where possible the website has been built with standards compliant HTML5 and should display correctly in modern versions of all major web browsers.
You get a front row seat to a sizzling hot show that will blow you away and leave these beautiful girls covered in sticky jizz! Our videos are shot in HD so they have a crystal clear picture. Evil Angel 60 Nude erotic videos and free porn movies The ladies of Silken Girl are so horny they hold nothing back when it is time to get down.
Last added free porn videos Sort Videos: Sit back, relax, unzip and watch as these sexy girls help you live out your wildest desires as they get impaled by some seriously big cocks and enjoy every inch of that dick as it hits their G-spots and makes them lose their mind with desire. Our site was first launched in , with the goal of creating a site that celebrates the beauty of the female form, and the sensual nature that radiates from within.
All of the galleries you find on Erotic Beauties are free for your personal viewing pleasure, and you can easily find more of the models you love, or more from a specific site by clicking through to the sponsor for that gallery. The really bad girls let these hung guys drive their cocks deep inside their tight asses and ream them out.
Sit back, relax, unzip and watch as these sexy girls help you live out your wildest desires as they get impaled by some seriously big cocks and enjoy every inch of that dick as it hits their G-spots and makes them lose their mind with desire. While our focus is mostly on softcore erotica and nude art, we do occasionally post masturbation or hardcore series that are passionate and sexy in our opinion. By the time the guys cum, these horny chicks are begging for that hot load!
God blessed me with a creative soul, knowing it would comfort and nurture me in this crazy world. May the favor of the Lord our God rest upon us; establish the work of our hands for us-- yes, establish the work of our hands. Psalm 90:17
I know...... I said I wouldn't join any more hops until my Christmas projects were finished. Well, my self control is having issues when they keep having these wonderful blog hop topics. Who can resist..... certainly, not me!
There's a link on my sidebar if you want to join me in some Wicked fun! The first 100 will be accepted, so jump in while there is still an opening. See you in October at the Wicked Hop!
I learned to sew when I was 4 years old. My dear Aunt Billie, now with the Lord, taught me how to make a simple pillow slip on her treadle sewing machine. Who knew that would be the beginning of a lifetime of creativity!
FYI.....Most, not all, of the photos in my blog may be enlarged for better detail by clicking on the photo.
James Lyles 359th & 2nd Trans (gun trucks), 297th Trans, 9th Airborne Trans, Co B/69th 104th Eng Co (Dumptrucks
On 17 May 2013, Cyclone Mohasen hit the southern belt of Bangladesh at 100KM/hour. The cyclone’s path was east to that of Cyclone Sidr, hitting the eastern island of Bhola on its way towards the northeast, passing by Noakhali and Feni until it crossed over the borders to the eastern states of India.
Compared to its predecessor (Cyclone Sidr), Cyclone Mohasen was far less devastating, killing a total number of 11 people (compared to at least 3,400 deaths in the case of Sidr). During this Cyclone, some of the almost-completed Fael Khair shelters were used for the first time by locals to take refuge from the cyclone. The photos below show some shots of those locals taking refuge inside shelters built by Abdul Monem (Package-1).
On May 24, 2011, an agreement was signed between the Project Management Consultant (IMC) and Abdul Munem Ltd. for the construction of 24 school-cum-cyclone shelters in Zone-1 as package-1 and envisaged to take nearly 18 months to be completed. Prior to this Site survey and selection was completed in early 2011.
The Zone-1 sites were divided into four packages and issued for bidding, where Abdul Monem Ltd., SINAMM Engineering Ltd., Mir Akhter Hossain Ltd. and Corolla Corporation (BD) Ltd. were finally awarded.
I love flashcard stash soooooooo much! I always study before a test and it always helps me get good grade on tests!
I think that flashcardstash.com is and awesome website to learn at. I never knew that learning vocabulary words was so much fun :)
I love it when you type in a word for a card, and the definitions pop up, so you don't have to look them up somewhere else.
This is such an awesome app! Thank you so much. Please try to keep this free source! God bless you :)
Disclaimer! Booking information is collected from public data available from local Sheriff Departments. Information surrounding the subjects pictured on this website should not be viewed as either official or accurate.
The only absolute certainty on this website is that there is a digital photo of a subject. It is possible that names, dates, charges, and/or other information displayed with a corresponding image were provided in error by intake staff, the arresting officer, or due to technical glitches in database aggregation. If in doubt, please verify the accuracy with the corresponding law enforcement agency.
GrantsPassMugshots.com is unaffiliated with the Josephine County Sheriff's office and make no guarantees as to the accuracy of this information.
Please validate accuracy with the source provider. Information should not be used to ascertain guilt or criminal history.
Pale pink are dominant on this 35 Modern Farmhouse Laundry Room Decor Ideas due to table below. Then silver & very light pinkcolor scheme is make it perfect. Combination beetween pinkish grey, brownish grey, cement, dark taupe, very light pink are wraping around the room.
Our partners Irvine Whitlock have now completed the installation of all cladding panels at Runcorn School which has an anticipated opening date of April 2013.
The works comprised the design, manufacture and installation of large format GRC panels which were unique having as curves, within curves to create the effect of a curtain around the building.
Main contractor Galliford Try are delighted with the finished result which will feature in our "latest projects" section in the next few weeks.
New Contract at University of Greenwich - We are pleased to have been selected to supply the GRC Cladding components to ...
1 West, Bath University - GRCUK has recently secured the contract to supply some 1400m2 of GRC cladding ...
I will provide Bing 160$ coupon for new bing ad accounts. If you already have added any bing coupon before then u can not add this coupon . Soon We are going to Provide 250$ Bing Single Voucher Also.
We also provides web designing | Web Hosting | PPC | SEO and Google adwords VCC, Adsense Approval and Bing Activated Account.
Printed using direct-to-garment printing technology, the ink is embedded in the fabric for your ultimate comfort.
U.S. Delivery Free Shipping for 4 or more shirts. Estimated delivery time by USPS First Class Mail is 2-5 days. $6 for 1-3 shirts.
International Delivery $22 for up to 4 shirts. $44 for 5-8 shirts etc. Estimated delivery time by USPS First Class Mail International is 2-4 weeks.
We will provide you with a full refund in the event that we shipped the wrong shirt, wrong size, or that the shirt was damaged. If this is case, we will also refund your shipping costs.
For request of refund that is not our error, we will only provide refund if the shirt has been unworn, unwashed, and that the tags are still attached. We do not refund shipping cost. If you received free shipping, the shipping cost will also be deducted from the refund.
For an exchange request, you will be responsible for the cost of shipping the shirt back as well as the cost of shipping the new shirt.
If you're looking to know your London Dry from your Navy Strength or Old Tom and need some help choosing from the thousands of gins out there... GreatGins might just be the tonic.
They have a massive 35% market share in all Gin sold in the UK and have received a total of four Royal Warrants.
But they’ve had a long time to build up such a reputation, considering they’ve been around since 1769.
This was when Alexander Gordon first opened his distillery in Southwark and began to produce what would become “the world’s favourite Gin”.
It was in the 1800s that he began to sell overseas, and today the brand counts the United States and Greece as two of their biggest consumers.
They also opened a distillery in Linden, New Jersey, in 1934 to keep up with demand for their product. This opened a whole new world of probability and proved to be a prosperous endeavour, making them truly global.
While they are now facing fresh rivalry with the onslaught of craft distilleries that have popped up in recent years, they are still performing and adding expressions to expand their range.
Most recently they have ventured into the flavoured Gins category with their Elderflower edition. They also create a pink Gin, a Sloe Gin and an export strength Gin.
With the huge amount of competition the brand is experiencing it will be fascinating to see where they go next. Gin as a whole is going through a boom in interest from consumers and Gordon’s will need to innovate to face newcomers.
The nose opens with lots of juniper and a little hint of coriander sweetness. There is a warming quality to the Gin, which has a comforting familiarity to it.
The orris and angelica bring in a slightly spicy note that goes perfectly with the aromatic sweetness of the coriander.
The palate is well rounded and focussed mainly on juniper. The berries really shine through, with a deep earthy quality and a freshness that is reminiscent of grassy dew.
The citrus fruits also come out here, with a bitter orange and lemon note. These are not subtle and add a lovely zest to the flavour.
My name is Greg, and I’m a brand strategy consultant, writer, speaker, host and judge specialising in premium spirits. My mission is to experience, share and inspire with everything great about gin through my writing, my brand building and my gin tastings.
The GreatGins gin blog is one man’s mission to experience, share and inspire with everything great about gin.
This site is for drinks lovers and givers; an online platform they can visit to read and enjoy great stories about spirits, their histories and the faces behind the labels.
Call us for Whitelaw Seamless Gutters Looking for a price quote for repairing outdated seamless rain gutters near Whitelaw, Wisconsin, who is the best? Where do we require rain gutters? Exactly how in length will setup take for rain gutters near Whitelaw? What makes you guys “the most recommen...
Schedule today a Whitelaw Gutters Estimate How experienced are the installers that work with your leaf protection company near Whitelaw WI? What is the greatest leaf protection for our home near Whitelaw, WI 54247? Can you present a bid for leaf protection prices around Whitelaw Wisconsin? Does your...
Contact us for Whitelaw Gutter Leaf Guards What is so different regarding seamless gutters for my Whitelaw, WI 54247 property? How do I acquire additional information on seamless gutters near Whitelaw WI? Will you remove old gutters coming from our property within Whitelaw Wisconsin? Who can I email...
Solar energy is the readily available source of energy. It is a non-polluting non-conventional source of energy.Know More
In line with the mission objective, Green Gen is very particular to ensure the effective utilization of its products.Know More
GREEN GEN has ventured into BIPV projects for generating solar power for different types of residences, farm houses, car ports, offices and buildings.Know More
Solar power is a renewable energy source and the objective is to produce water when it is needed the most: when there is sun!Know More
The “Who” in this verse, is, obviously, God. “Mouth” in this verse can be derived just like a reference to the brain, the way that we defend and reason, and our contemplations. “great things,” “youth,” and, “recharged,” ought to act naturally illustrative. “Eagle’s,” in this verse can most likely be induced similar to a reference to flight (a free soul, taking off, unrestricted).
Since I have a couple of essential meanings of specific words in this verse to work with, what would I be able to derive from this Bible verse that I can put to best practices? My reasoning impacts my personality and aura at any given minute. What leaves my mouth is a result of my reasoning. My reasoning additionally has an impact in transit that I physically feel (my wellbeing). So what does this mean and in what capacity would I be able to utilize this to battle the presence of maturing that so disturbs me when I see my appearance looking old and terrible back at me in the mirror? Mirror, mirror on the divider, gosh darn it.
This could imply that I have the intellectual capacity to deal with my maturing forms. Not that I can think myself back to youth or slow down the maturing forms. There comes a point in everybody’s life, on the off chance that they live sufficiently long, that getting to be old and terrible is a given, there is nothing that should be possible about this aside from some way or another figuring out how to serenely live with it. Numerous elements collaborate with each other to deliver physical maturing.
A number of these elements are past our capacity to control, for example, the radiation of the Sun (notwithstanding when we endeavor to shroud ourselves behind fixed havens), smaller scale creatures that live and breed on and inside our soil bodies, our Solar System and our Galaxy moving into various districts of the Universe, to give some examples.
Nonetheless, if the way that I consider myself when I look in the mirror, how I consider other individuals, and of my reality is unadulterated and wholesome it will deliver expressions of refreshment and reestablishment from my mouth. Numerous wrinkles, blotches, dim spots, and listing skin originate from anxiety and stress. The amount of anxiety and stress that is inhabitant inside me has an immediate bearing on my wellbeing and additionally on my physical appearance. There are a few elements adding to the procedures of my maturing that I can’t control, yet my reasoning is not one of them.
Unconstructive thought propensities deplete the electrical charges that maintain each cell in my body. As the energies of these cells are lessened disfigurements started to show up in my physical appearance and the way that I feel. The results of this harming thought propensity are numerous, one being wrinkles showing up before their time that is misrepresented past what they would have been under regular maturing conditions.
A few people who claim themselves to be aware of present circumstances credit hanging skin to gravity. Gravity might be a reason for hanging skin, aside from one thing, gravity is only a hypothesis and does not by any means exist. The loss of collegian and elastin in the skin as we age are two of numerous elements that outcome in hanging skin. How positive speculation can battle listing skin is a trial in advancement. I will give you a report on the advancement of this examination in approximately one hundred and ten years, stay tuned.
“Who satisfieth thy mouth with great things; so that thy youth is reestablished like the eagle’s” (Psalms: 102:5). “Mouth”, a device utilized for broadcasting my contemplations in addition to other things. “Great things”, wholesome and inspiring things and identity attributes given and got. “Youth is reestablished”, decreasing wrinkles, blotches, dull spots, and drooping skin and fortifying my psyche by speculation decidedly. “like the eagle’s”, getting to be unhampered by anxiety and stress however much as could reasonably be expected, taking a happy perspective of myself, thinking benevolently and merciful of others, tolerating the unavoidable regardless, taking off in free-flight even notwithstanding transforming into a mobile fossil.
Honing this Bible verse as a day by day method for carrying on with my life may have the advantage of being a modest supplement to any hostile to maturing regimen that I may attempt. My reasoning both inspires and collapses me and can transform one day into various months of physical maturing if the structure of my musings is pessimistic, or I am continually in the organization of adverse acting and thinking individuals. Utilizing this Bible verse to cover up and enhance the impacts of maturing might possibly work for me, yet when I take a gander at myself in the mirror, what the heck, why not give it a go.
By teaming up with National High School, constructing a state of the art computer lab, and offering a supervised, stimulating environment for the growth, socialization, and education of your student, Green Life Academy will be able to offer a solid college-bound high school curriculum.
To be able to offer this in in Coco, by the beach is amazing. I hope this goes well. What a positive thing for the area!
The series A.D. series represents a set of related resources, especially of a specified kind, found in Greentown Public Library.
Select options that apply then copy and paste the RDF/HTML data fragment to include in your application
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Greentown Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
I was walking through a storage area at work and I came across a woman talking on her cell phone. It wasn't anything unusual except for the fact that she had a huge, steel-toed boot perched on top of her head. Like this:
As I walked by I looked her in the eye (which is kind of difficult to do when someone has a boot balanced on his/her head) and smiled. She looked back at me and stopped talking long enough to glare at me.
Later that day, I walked by that same area and found the boot. I looked around and then put it on top of my head. That's when a co-worker walked by.
At this rate, Amy will need to defer college for a few years because her savings will have been wicked up by such generous acts (books and cards, for example). However, my kids are rolling in British delights and that's all that really matters.
When I got back from Albuquerque on Monday I discovered Deb had already opened the box. I hadn't had a chance to eat on the plane so I grabbed these :
Yeah, I liked them. I walked around the dining room blaspheming to myself, My God, these are good. Jesus, these are wonderful. I stopped at three (cookies, not blasphemes). I knew that one more would mean I'd finish all the cookies and then possibly have carnal relations with the cylindrical packaging these things came in.
Of course that was more than you wanted to know. But I'm all about capturing the moment for you so just bear with me.
Now it's Wednesday and we're finally getting to really taking a close look at the stuff that Dan gathered for us.
In both images the English version is on the left. You might notice it's a little darker. You might also notice there are little chunks of stuff floating around in the sauce. The bottom line is they are different. The English version seems more robust. If you look at the ingredients you notice that the American sauce uses high fructose corn syrup and one kind of vinegar. The English sauce depends on molasses for sweetness and has malt vinegar combined with another type of vinegar.
Okay. Let's get this out on the table (so to speak). Europeans claim that American food is cheap and plentiful, but that it's killing the people who eat it. In contrast, shopping in Europe is more expensive, but Europeans eat quality, less processed meals that keep their arteries clean, their nitrate levels reasonable and their waistlines from spilling over their belts.
Worcestershire sauce ingredients and the size of my gut are evidence there may be some validity to this claim.
I'm sitting in a hotel room in Albuquerque reading the emails you sent me to say, Happy Birthday. Thanks a million!
I'll write you back soon but the connection here is really slow. Plus, I just ate some ribs and my gut is full of dead pig. That means I'm slow.
Thanks again for thinking of me on my birthday. And a particular shout out goes to Kandy for letting the Banna Incident suck up some of her bandwidth.
You really cracked Debbie up, Kandy. She had to play the slide show for the girls two or three times. You're such a good egg. I wish I could see the pictures but, like I said, things are very slow here in New Mexico.
I took the afternoon off to care take of a few things. I got home. I was on the phone with Marcia as I walked in the door. I immediately popped some vegetarian corn dogs into the microwave for lunch (why I mention the fact that they were vegetarian - I'm not sure; perhaps to serve as a warning). Then I went upstairs to change clothes. Next I got off the phone with mom and turned on the computer for a quick email check before I ate my corn dogs.
Needless to say I got really choked up and just stared at the screen. I couldn't believe how lucky I am to have a wife who says such wonderful things. All I could think about was how much I love her (and I haven't even mentioned the giant banana yet).
I gave my vegetarian corn dogs a few more minutes in the microwave than the directions prescribe because I like them crunchy. Six minutes, to be precise. Six minutes is too long.
Bad advice; I know. But it's all I could come up with as Deb and I prepped Allie for her first day in first grade tomorrow.
We didn't really prep her for anything. She's ready to go and it's as if the school year never really ended. The backpack may look different and there's the threat of homework in the air, but other than that things seem remarkably similar to last year.
Emotionally I suppose it's not as bad. We've had some time to become accustomed to all the things that Allie does now that don't involve us. I'm not saying it's easy. I'm just saying it's more familiar.
Allie and her Mom chose an outfit that is completely blue (right down to her underwear, Allie tells me). I'd show you pictures, but the MacBook is still gone. It's being examined by a team flown in directly from Cupertino. These experts are working around the clock so that I will be able to get you images of Allie and her big, purple backpack and her blue togs and her first grade smile in a timely manner.
Hello, first grade Allie! It's a thrill to meet you. We're going to have a great time. But if you ever happen to see kindergartener Allie around, tell her that as much as her parents love her and at times miss her -- we understand she had to move on.
Posted: , Author: Domipus Even without the safety net of a sugar daddy, I took a risk and quit my day joba decision that rendered me unemployed, uninsured, and uncertain about where the money for next months rent would come from. We don&apos;t have rules about alcohol, but the Bible says: &apos; Don&apos;t get drunk and lose your inhibitions&apos;." &apos; There&apos;s a lot of love here&apos;. What&apos;s striking is the absence of young white men.
That was until a bunch of came our way that threw a spanner in the works and brought the whole thing to a halt. It was a heartbreaking end and one that neither of us wanted but in the end it wasn’t our decision to make.Today I’ve decided to share a few lessons with you that I learned from the whole experience. Some guys in the West still have the decency to talk to the girl’s father before asking her to marry him. In Egypt (and I suspect all over the Arab world) this is something that needs to be done right at the start when you start dating.And if the person’s online profile disappears a few days after they meet you, that’s another tip-off. We have been to Stockton PD so many times and talked to officers.Here’s the real deal: Don’t send money to someone you met online — for any reason. Last week we spent 3 hours there waiting to talk to someone.
A man chooses one woman over another woman, in part, because he feels that she is compatible with him in the affection department: She is someone who is physically affectionate; she touches him the way he likes to be touched; and she touches him with the frequency that he likes to be touched.
I said I’d write about it eventually and here it is; forbidden love between a Middle Eastern girl with no English and a bloke from Australia learning Arabic, as well as the important lessons learned from the whole experience. At first there was nothing forbidden about it at all – we met, we did the right thing and approached her father for permission, he gave us the green light, preparations for the engagement ceremony were made – everything was perfect.
They ask you to: Did you know you can do an image search of your love interest’s photo in your favorite search engine? I don't have a crystal ball so I can't find out where they really are or what is real and what isn't.
If you do an image search and the person’s photo appears under several different names, you’re probably dealing with a scammer. Not using the card and getting stuck with the bills? I'm afraid that they really are here and they will get us for not sending my money to them.
The only good thing I can think of is that most of the model guidance suggest a track that should stay a little south of the islands that got crushed by Irma. The bad thing is that most of the models are calling for Maria to strengthen explosively as it approaches the islands - some suggesting a 20 - 25 mb drop in pressure in the last 12 hours before moving through the islands. It appears Dominica is pretty much in the crosshairs of the spot where Maria pushes through the Lesser Antilles (supported by the NHC forecast - 71% chance of hurricane force winds). I was on a cruise a while back that called in Dominica and got to see some of the island and I don't think most of the houses would survive a strong tropical storm, let alone a cat 4 hurricane. I am really worried of a major catastrophe if they were to take a direct hit from this.
Beyond that the models start to fan out but generally indicate St. Croix and eastern Puerto Rico as the most likely areas to get hit then maybe the Turks and Caicos (which did get hit by Irma). 0Z runs should be interesting.
6Z GFS has Maria over St Croix, then Puerto Rico on Wednesday, cat 3/4. Then keeps it east of theTurks and caicos and sends it out to sea.
0z Euro clips just the southwest corner of PR with the eyewall, then over the eastern part of the Dominican republic, then over the Turks and Caicos, after which it heads out to sea, but not before knocking what's left of Jose into the outer banks.
Bad news for the islands, better news for the continental US, as it is unlikely to approach Florida and points north also have a low chance for impacts from Maria. Jose is a different matter, however.
Jose must be setting some kind of longevity record by now, and certainly if it is still around next week. Here I am, newly excited by the dropping of the "bonus Storm" hitting the west coast of Florida around the 28th or so because I am going to the mountains on the 29th only to be faced with good ole Jose being kicked ashore about 250 mile SE of where I will be and certain to come on up to the mountains for a visit too. Having experienced Ivan passing through the mountains to my west one year and seeing first hand how that goes, I can say I will be most disappointed to have Jose in the neighbor hood the first few days of October...where is that high latitude trough that is needed to push Jose away?
12z GFS appears to show Jose moving out a little sooner and a significant shift westward for Maria, getting really close to the outer banks area.
Was a west shift but not significant..especially on days 4-5... lets try to keep it 5 days out at most.. cause we ALL KNOW the models will jump around after 5 days unless the GFS and Euro are almost exactly alike
And speaking of her very low central pressure, 'Maria's current pressure of 924 mb is the lowest for an Atlantic hurricane this late in the calendar year since Wilma (2005)' - Phil Klotzbach
0z GFS and euro take Maria over Puerto Rico and the Euro takes it close, but not over the Turks and Caicos, before turning it out to sea. Closest approach to the US is on Wednesday the 27th, but both models keep it well east of the US for now.
Models are generally in good agreement out to 5 days or so, so it is very likely this one stays away from the continental US. We'll keep monitoring it for that, though, particularly for the trends (Mid Atlantic/NE would have highest risk, Florida is extremely unlikely) With the strong trof approaching the east coast next week, it's fairly safe bet this won't directly affect the continental US. Large Surf/swells will continue to be a problem though, Jose is already causing that.
Puerto Rico/VI impacts would be Tomorrow and Thursday. The 6z GFS takes it over St Croix Wednesday early morning, then eastern Puerto Rico later that day.
I guess this is the year of cat5 storms. I feel for PR. As compact as Maria is, a wobble could be the difference between a scrape and devastation.
Is that because the max winds weren't cat 4-5 as often? I'd think serious damage (I'm thinking risk to structural integrity) would be limited to areas of sustained Cat 3 or higher.
The smallest radii (fastest winds) given in the Forecast/Advisory are for minimal Cat 1. I'd really like to see an additional line item for where Cat 3 winds start. (We're now designating H versus M on the track plots...)
We bailed for Austin when Rita was predicted to make a direct hit on Houston. Got caught in the 9+ hour traffic jam. By the time we got to Austin, Rita, having continued to slow coming across the Gulf (and the approaching front having made up the time) ended up much further east. At my house, we *maybe* had Cat 1 sustained. Probably only as gusts. As soon as I saw this in the Forecast/Advisory on arrival in Austin, we took off back for Houston.
PR. Getting different views on destruction possibilities in the media. Got it hurricane cat 5 bad, small eye and wind field good. Lots of rain bad, mud slides in the mountains bad. Storm surge, a little of an after thought on weather channel. Highest population from Dorado along the northern coast to Ceiba. Other big population zones Caguas, elevated middle of island. Ponce south, shallow water, wondering about storm serge, it is close to directly south of San Juan. Finally Mayaguez, on the west coast slightly elevated, but directly opposit of land fall. I know in Florida the serge effected both coasts, what about an island will the storm serge be as bad on the back side for mayaguez and Cabo Rojo?
Beyond Puerto rico it looks like it may be getting very close to the Turks and Caicos, but not directly over. Beyond that out to sea seems by far the most likely (no mainland US hit or Bermuda) but we'll have to watch to see if that holds.
For future track the biggest questions are how close it gets to the Turks and Caicos and how much will Bermuda be affected. Bermuda isn't likely to take a direct hit, but it may be close enough for some winds from Maria, especially with the windfield expanding and the massive eye (after being so tiny BEFORE Puerto Rico)
Closest approach to Turks/Caicos will be tomorrow afternoon. Hurricane warnings are up Dominican Republic from Cabo Engano to Puerto Plata and the Turks and Caicos Islands and the Southeastern Bahamas. Closest Approach to the US/Bermuda is on Wednesday, but appears to likely be safely away from either then.
From here all the models, save the CMC, take Maria out to sea. With Wednesday being the key day for any potential surprises based on that. However, with so much going against it it appears out to sea remains the most likely scenario.
Maria is passing just to the east of the Turks and Caicos today, close enough for them to feel many of the affects. Beyond that North Carolina and Bermuda will want to keep an eye on it, but it appears neither will see direct impacts (other than heavy surf, minor coastal flooding, and rip currents)
I sure am not going to write this storm off until I see what happens Wednesday,going to be interesting.
Note: This is NOT an official page. It is run by weather hobbyists and should not be used as a replacement for official sources.
Image Server Network thanks to Mike Potts and Amazon Web Services. If you have static file hosting space that allows dns aliasing contact us to help out! Some Maps Provided by:
Great thanks to all who donated and everyone who uses the site as well. Site designed for 800x600+ resolution
“I inherited a house and was making use of it for a rental, but I couldn’t sustain with many of the repairs. I had a tough time… Sandra G.
There are various good reasons you could come across yourself during the midst of an unwanted home. Divorce, downsizing, foreclosure, and unforeseen inheritance are merely a few reasons A lot of people really need to sell their home fast.
When you wish to sell your house swiftly or For those who have observed yourself in the housing Problem and you also are only in search of responses, we might help!
There are actually dozens of organizations that salvage cars and trucks on the internet, although not all are equivalent. Some providers offer much better charges when you want to sell your vehicle on the internet, so comparison is The main element to getting the finest selling price for your junk vehicle. There are several Advantages to selling an auto on line, such as a chance to have a “sell my auto” online quote inside minutes. An on-line junkyard can make selling a junk vehicle a lot easier than in the past. Total our Ask for A Quote now or simply call toll free of charge at one-877-227-7487.
The lender initiated foreclosure proceedings on these Homes because the proprietor(s) have been in default on their own personal loan obligations. Pre-foreclosures also consist of Houses for which a foreclosure auction is scheduled. These properties will not be found on a multiple listing support (MLS).
Coming Quickly listings are homes that will quickly be available. The listing agent for these homes has additional a Coming Soon note to alert prospective buyers ahead of time. Find out more.
You may get a head begin in being familiar with the selling and getting method by visiting the subsequent extra sources that handle frequently questioned concerns and knowledge about our mail-in provider for individuals who Really don't reside inside the St. Louis space.
This is compared with most “We Get Houses” companies who just invest in houses, markup the worth, then sell to some flipper. Our method lets us to cut out the middleman and pay you top greenback for your home!
Transitioning to senior residing is An important selection and might take a lot click here for info of arranging. After you have decided on...
We’d still choose to listen look at this web-site to from you. Our consumers are interested in houses That may be great investments, in spite of problem. No matter whether your house needs negligible get the job done or a good deal, contact us. …
Ought to sell house fast St Louis MO with an effortless transaction and no repairs or clear up desired? Get a quick cash closing on your residence you need to sell on account of an inheritance or probate, unappealing circumstance, to prevent foreclosure, and many others. We are St Louis home consumers so Call us if you have to sell your h...
At Core Qualities there aren't any repairs, no inspections, no open houses, no cleaning, no agent showings and no worries when you sell your house. We're your hassle totally free choice for the short, Read Full Report straightforward and cash sale of your house as-is.
Chapter 7 personal bankruptcy legal professionals St Louis we buy houses regardless of the Conditon or circumstance. If you're a homeowners who'd rather sell their residence ASAP to...
St Louis Missouri home potential buyers want to provide you with a cash supply for your home inside 24 hrs. Sell your inherited, foreclosure, ugly house that requires repa...
Along with that, we do not conduct inspections and will get no commissions from you. No matter what ailment your house is in, we will just take it. Don't just that, we’ll go over the closing, paperwork, and various fees associated with the sale, rendering it effortless for you to sell your house.
One of four identical sister ships – European river cruising’s only all-balcony, all-suite, butler-serviced river ships – Crystal Ravel entered into service in June of 2018 and has been cruising the fabled Rhine, Main, Moselle and Danube rivers ever since. With all categories of accommodations situated above the waterline, Crystal Ravel and her sister ships offer an array of all-inclusives including unlimited fine wines, champagnes, premium spirits and beers, 24-hour room service, and an extensive selection of inclusive shoreside experiences. Crystal Ravel’s exceptional design and acclaimed service will welcome you aboard for an experience far beyond the ordinary..
By sea, river, land and air, Crystal has redefined the way the world views luxury travel. Since the beginning, Crystal has set the bar of excellence for luxury travel. Today, we are redefining it altogether, presenting the savviest world travelers with choices, experiences and luxuries unmatched in the industry. By Ocean, River, Yacht and Air, each Crystal Experience is designed to showcase the world and its wonders in the most remarkable ways. Join us as new adventures unfold…
WCSP (2016). World Checklist of Selected Plant Families. Facilitated by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. Last accessed on Wednesday, January 04, 2017.
Tony Kushner is a playwright whose work includes Angels in America, A Bright Room Called Day, Slavs!, Homebody/Kabul, and Caroline, or Change, a musical with composer Jeanine Tesori. Mr. Kushner is the recipient of a Pulitzer Prize, two Tony Awards, and an achievement award from the National Foundation for Jewish Culture, among other awards.
Below are the available bulk discount rates for each individual item when you purchase a certain amount
Whether planning for a vacation, business trip or other excursion, to ensure you have the best experience possible include a variety of Young Living essential oils and supplements to keep everyone healthy during your travels. Based on her vast experience, Debra Raybern expertly lays out the products you don’t want to leave home without and provides a wealth of advice and tips for packing them safely and efficiently. In Bon Voyage: Traveling with Essential Oils, Debra provides a variety of precautions and remedies for many issues so that you can handle the unexpected on your travels. This invaluable guide will help you be more prepared and organized for all of your travels!
The best selling nutrition curriculum Nutrition 101: Choose Life! is now available in e-book format! This item is a PDF file that can be loaded onto your computer, tablet reader or smartphone allowing you to carry one of the best essential oil resource guides with you everywhere you go!
Co-authored by homeschool mother Debra Raybern, N.D., M.H., C.N.C., I.C.A.; homeschool mother and researcher Sera Johnson, B.MU; mother and writer/editor Laura Hopkins, B.S.; and mother, grandmother and former Home Economics teacher Karen Hopkins, B.S.
Nutrition 101: Choose Life! is a three-in-one family nutrition and health program for all ages that presents the major body systems, how they function, their common health issues, the benefits of good food and the consequences of bad food. Its 448 pages include into six units:
Biblically based and packed with hands-on activities, science and art projects and nearly 80 family-friendly recipes, this program teaches and reinforces the why’s of what we should eat, not just “because I said so.” Containing a complete reference guide filled with nutrition facts, charts, practical tips and an exhaustive index, Nutrition 101: Choose Life! will serve as a constant resource for improved health and abundant living.
*This product is a low-resolution PDF file intended for electronic viewing only. You will not be able to print it or copy and paste from it. Once you purchase the e-book, a download link will be emailed to you within 24 hours. Please download the file as soon as you receive the email as the download link will eventually expire. No refunds for e-book purchases. For any clarification questions, please email orders@growinghealthyhomes.com.
I bought this to educate not just my children but myself as well. It is well written though at a higher level. My oldest is in 3rd grade and it's way above him, but I am able to learn and teach them. Many recipes and activities are included and the back is full of TONS of information that I would have gladly paid for by itself even. Yes, Young Living oils are mentioned but everything can be done without them, they would just be an added benefit to have. Overall I am pleased.
Classification of personal risk in the event of an earthquake into six categories and mapping of risk zones, on the basis of a scientific analysis. I evaluated every location in the exhibition space in terms of the threat to a visitor in the event of an earthquake with a magnitude of 5 MS. From this I interpolated a precise mathematical plan of the isolines (red = maximum danger, white = no danger).
The Kunsthalle’s press release stated: “The notion of ‘pre-emptive action’ stems from an overpowering sense of fear. Pre-emptive means ‘designed or having the power to deter or prevent an anticipated situation or occurrence’.” And furthermore: “This exhibition intends to invoke a situation that ‘pre-empts’ the realisation and possibility of control. Creating a place suffused with possibilities, this show will be a reflection on the noneffectuation of history, an exploration of the specificity and the irrevocability of the event. It is an exhibition concerned with things that cannot be technocratically mastered, about flightlines and the difficult understanding of freedom versus continuous control.” Both posters for What are the places of danger? were hung in the Kunsthalle’s entrance area above the box office. On my request, this map was superimposed onto the photocopied lists of works, which included the floor plan with hall numbers. Consequently, as they walked around the building, visitors were able to remain aware of the natural risk threatening their current position.
For best results, use the standard abbreviations for street types, or omit them completely. For example, "100 Main" or "100 Main St" is preferred to "100 Main Street". The search is case-insensitive.
After you complete all 21 missions on a map, one gang member from each gang will close in on your location and try and kill you and often they'll pack powerful weapons such as a rocket launcher or a flamethrower, so be very careful. You'll get a warning at the bottom of the screen and the gang members will arrive in one of their gang cars. After you kill all 3, or they kill themselves, the entire map will errupt into chaos. Pedestrians will go crazy and start attacking everyone and pulling people out of cars. It's very easy to be carjacked and/or killed in these situations. The flamethrower is a good weapon to have equipped in this scenario.
The flamethrower will kill anyone it touches. It will slowly drain health and once on fire, it can't be put out and the person will die, that includes you. But because of this, don't bother wasting 15 uzi rounds into SWAT members and FBI, just set them on fire. However, if you anger the Hare Krishna or Scientist gang to the maximum, their gang members will carry flamethrowers so be very careful when in their territory. Having a flamethrower about your person at all times is a good idea.
The electro gun has a fairly wide range, and can attack people on the other sides of cars. So taking cover behind a blown up vehicle and attacking oncomers with the electro gun can save yourself some valuable health/armour.
Each gang payphone will have health and armour so if you need either or both then head to the nearest payphone and collect it.
If you have 5 bars or maximum respect with a gang, any cops who are chasing you will be shot at by the gang members with pistols. The SWAT teams ans FBI will slaughter your gang members, but they do provide useful cover so if you're in trouble, head for the gang territory. When you resume a game, you need to do something to alter the respect level before the gang will protect you, even if your respect is maxed out. Running one of them down in a car is a relatively painless way to do it.
Gunning down gang members will alter respect far quicker than if you do it in a car, presumably because you're partly hidden in a car. So therefore, if you need to alter respect levels quickly, do it on foot rather than in a car.
On Mad Island in the Industrial section you'll encounter a nameless gang, many of which carry pistols. They'll shoot at you regardless of your respect levels with the other gangs, so if you need to head into there for any reason, be prepared to brave a lot of pistol gunfire.
Even though SWAT Vans and FBI Cars will chase you at the speed of a Cop Car, when you get into them the SWAT Van has the speed of a Bank Van and the FBI Car has the speed of a regular civilian vehicle, so if you need maximum speed a regular Cop Car will have to do.
Suzuki Water Pump is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Classic Motorcycles Suffolk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Monowheel Motorcycle Trailer is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Izmir to play a leading role in urban renewal projects of contractors and value added in Izmir remain insistent efforts to join forces under the leadership of .Necip NASIR fruits come together 24 companies and contractors, Construction Joint Stock Company founded Güçsan
Urban development in the social, economic and spatial re-discussed problem areas in the city rebuilt do to be healthier and more livable, animation, rehabilitation or reconstruction projects for the production and application is made​​.
Sightings of Guernsey colour ringed Gulls can be entered here for an instant life history, or sent to pkv@cwgsy.net for a life history to be returned by e-mail to observers.
A very quick look at Chouet Landfill Beach this morning enabled me to read another metal ring on a GBBG, and this one proved to be another 20+ year old gull. I ringed Jersey E4960 as a chick in June 1992, and hadn't recorded it again until today...when it is now more than 22 years and two months old - absolutely fantastic!
GunBlocker is a simple yet innovative firearm lock that cannot be removed easily like standard gun locks.
gunBlocker defies conventional gun-lock thinking and locks your guns from the inside. Once installed gunBlocker renders your firearm inert and inoperable in four ways;
Only with the gunBlocker removal device can gunBlocker be removed and the gun made functional – it offers security beyond comparison yet grants access to the owner in mere seconds.
Gun ownership is as much a responsibility as it is a natural right. Proper education and storage will always be the first line of gun safety, to that gunBlocker will provide additional peace of mind. GunBlocker can plainly be seen when installed in your gun, smartly showing you the gun is not operable.
Never let curiosity turn to tragedy, gunBlocker protects your family from unauthorized use of your guns by children, visitors, criminals or at-risk individuals better than any other gun lock on the market.
Please click the image for a larger version Frank Wesson Over-Under 32 caliber derringer. Metal parts show average wear and use with minor handling dings and fine original nickel finish on the frame. Antique ivory or bone grips are fine, free of cracks and chips with some minor handling marks. Mechanically good, sold as a collector item only, not warranted safe to shoot.
That is the reason why it is fairly crucial that you comprehend The principles effectively just before taking part in. But you don’t need to want to hold the confusion in deciding about the agen taruhan online recreation.
In Oct 2014, Singapore Parliament passed the Remote Gambling Bill to ban all the spectrum of distant gambling, such as Online, phone, interactive television, radio and every other communication technology.[23] The Monthly bill will be productive to individual gamblers, facilitators, runners and operators. Although the new legislation will appear into Procedure from two February 2015, SBOBET has a transparent policy to not just take bets from nations around the world exactly where producing or accepting bets is unlawful.
[43] Reinforcement schedules may additionally make gamblers persist in gambling even after repeated losses.[health-related citation desired] This is where the mafia often finally ends up generating large gains, for instance the Lucchese crime family members reserve maker and collector "Significant Mike Edwards" aka "Mikey muscles" would let gamblers strains of credit rating and charge high share fees generally known as vigs for being paid out weekly. Late or missed payments would bring about visits and threats from this kind of crime close relatives
Owing-column betting – A variation on mounted profits betting by which the bettor sets a target revenue after which you can calculates a bet measurement that will make this revenue, incorporating any losses towards the concentrate on.
Reluctance to guess from (hedge) preferred results.[46] Men and women are hesitant to bet from sought after results which have been suitable for their identification. Gamblers show reluctance to wager versus the accomplishment of their chosen U.S. presidential candidates and Key League Baseball, Countrywide Soccer League, National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) basketball, and NCAA hockey groups. Over forty five% of NCAA supporters in Experiments 5 and 6, By way of example, turned down a "free of charge" genuine $five bet against their crew. From a psychological point of view, this kind of "hedge" produces an interdependence Problem—a motivational conflict among a short-expression financial acquire as well as the extended-term Rewards accrued from inner thoughts of identification with and loyalty to a placement, person, or team whom the bettor dreams to thrive.
As a result, it’s essential that you should decide on a legal in addition to trustworthy Site which provides a threat-free platform for gamers. This town is incredibly unemployed than The everyday stats with the country. Subsequently, if you decide a site assure it delivers someone numerous games to Enjoy.
Parimutuel wagers pay off at selling prices based on assistance inside the wagering pools, whilst bookmakers repay possibly at the odds supplied at time of accepting the wager; or within the median odds supplied by keep track of bookmakers at enough time the race started off. Sports betting
Due to the fact contracts of insurance policies have numerous features in widespread with wagers, insurance policies contracts tend to be distinguished less than law as agreements during which possibly social gathering has an desire from the "guess-upon" final result beyond the particular economical terms. e.g.: a "wager" having an insurer on no matter whether one's household will burn down will not be gambling, but relatively insurance policy — as being the homeowner has an evident desire while in the ongoing existence of his/her house independent in the purely money elements of the "wager" (i.
Another annotation we’re making use of is utilized to read more recognize all of the classes that PowerMock is going to be mocking. Positioning the quite first purchase will literally have a handful of minutes. Cook healthful and well balanced.
It’s probable to Participate in game titles in the online On line casino with boxers and flip-flops. These promotions is mostly a good technique to entice a lot more as well as a great deal a lot more new players and keep recent players.
There are Rather a lot of resorts and hotels located within this island that’s why tourism is the principal industry here. The majority of the tourist sights within just this position are drinking water based mostly.
Arbitrage betting is a combination of the ancient art of arbitrage buying and selling and gambling, that has been made achievable by the large figures of bookmakers within the Market, generating occasional chances for arbitrage. Other types of betting
Product sales VPs shouldn’t have to invest a good deal of time in working out ways to use or comprehend reviews in Salesforce. Frontline’s Evolutionary Solver continues to be fairly popular with users at any time since it was initially launched, because it can run into outstanding answers for Excel versions which don’t satisfy the prerequisites of linear programming or simply nonlinear optimization.
By way of example, gamers of marbles game titles may well wager marbles, and Similarly game titles of Pogs or Magic: The Accumulating might be played with the collectible sport parts (respectively, tiny discs and investing cards) as stakes, resulting in a meta-video game regarding the value of a player's collection of items.
She, however, chose Christian over Jericho citing that Christian was more of a man and Jericho was a lovesick puppy.
Despite all her dates with other guys Ron probably was the man meant to be and Ron Fisico and Trish Stratus got married on September 30, 2006, in the attendance of several WWE divas.
Who complicated Toronto was such a pedophile for trying pro wrestling? AJ Lee The boss's daughter hasn't always been in peak physical shape over the years, but she's definitely had her moments. And not all of them setup validating form numerous or every WWE groups. Don't be surprise if she's crowned champion one day soon.
Interestingly, like Trish Stratus—who sits much higher up on the list—Gail Kim also hails from Toronto.
Stratus dated Chris Jericho during the November 10 episode but this romance ended bitterly as well with a match known as the Battle of the Sexes.
The reason was Stratus overhearing Jericho talking to Christian, who was involved with Lita, the couple who participated with Jericho and Stratus in an intergender tag team match as partners.
He is a builder professionally and Trish is a former WWE wrestler, the only woman in WWE history to have won the WWE Women’s championship seven times. The Greek beauty, Trish Stratus grew up in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada whilst attending the Bay view Secondary School.
Check out this website http://tophhogascar.com/hydrogen-generator-test-results-on-nbc-news/ it explains exactly how to build solar panels using do it yourself methods.
The objective of this tender is to conclude a framework contract with a company specialised in the security of persons and goods.
The objective of this tender is to conclude a framework contract with a company specialised in the security of persons and goods. The scope of the services includes, but is not limited to:
(1) the surveillance and patrolling of the premises (office building, residence of the Ambassador and expatiates" accommodations) of the Delegation to avoid intrusion and attack on persons and their belongings;
(3) the communication between the premises by means of a VHF/UHF radio network linking all the premises to a central operations centre to be manned by operators from the company; provision of radios for guards and occupants of the guarded premises;
(4) the immediate intervention by use of a rapid response or back-up unit to any place in Greater Georgetown inthe event of an incident / accident;
(5) other related security services such as installation of intruder and fire alarm systems linking all the premises to a central operations centre to be manned by operators from the company, provision of mobile panic buttons,transport and escort of staff to and from Cheddi Jagan International Airport.
A framework contract with a maximum duration of 6 years will be implemented via specific contracts and / or order forms.
Security services for the Delegation of the European Union to Guyana, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago and for the Dutch Overseas Countries and Territories
Within 2 months of the notification to the plaintiff, or, in absence thereof, of the day on which it came to the knowledge. A complaint to the European Ombudsman does not have as an effect either to suspend this period or to open a new period for lodging appeals.
1.55 acres on Malinda Avenue and 288th Street West in Mettler Valley Estates - Malinda Avenue and 288th Street West, Mettler Valley Estates CA
1.55 acres on Malinda Avenue and 288th Street West in Mettler Valley Estates. This level parcel has water and it is about 300 feet from power. Located on the north side of the subdivision with great views! Great home site! APN 3275-009-005, Lot 13 Tract 27931, Zone LCA12.5, MLS 18004001, SR18088455, GVRE 648
Information provided is for viewer's personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties the viewer may be interested in. All information is deemed reliable but its accuracy is not guaranteed and the viewer should independently verify all information.
Reykjavíkurdætur, ‘Daughters of Reykjavik’, is an Icelandic 10-woman-strong rap collective. These femcees have created waves across the male-dominated hip hop scene with their striking lyrics and electric performances. Immense in size and force, they spit lyrics in Icelandic and English, on feminism, politics and sexual freedom.
Subject: amazing issues here. I’m very happy to peer your post. Thanks so much and i'm taking a look ahead to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a mail?
Washington Square is a 9.75 acre park and is the center of Greenwich Village in New York City. It is just a few blocks...
As 2015 is a big year for JT, your flyingnorth blogmaster , I decided that I would challenge myself and travel to all seven continents...
Driving through foreign lands is really the best way to see the countryside while on holiday. If you can get over your fear of...
A new post-global recession mode of thinking? The Kingdom of Bhutan, a landlocked state of 700,000 located in the Himalayas, thinks the world should...
The results of my National Geographic Genographic Project are in, and they are quite interesting. It turns out that among other surprises, I am 1.7%...
Having just returned from Turkmenistan, I was curious to see an international news article about the country. Interesting as it may be, according to...
I entered the blogosphere determined to find out what it was all about and to see if there was actually an audience for what...
Want to travel with 614 of your closest friends but just couldn’t find a vehicle big enough? Well, Emirates Airlines now has a solution...
It was inevitable that an airline would open the door to the brave new world of charging passengers by weight. According to a...
Retail shop in sonora, arnold & murphys ca, specializing in outdoor clothing, footwear and gear summer kayak, sup and canoe rentals ski and board rentals in winter. Shop cabela's competitively priced selection of gun holsters and belts featuring high quality concealed carry handbags, bandoliers, pouches and more. Golf formats,golf games to play,singles,2s,3s,4s,fourballs,foursomes,groups,outings,side bets,wagers. Cardhu has over 200 years of malt whisky heritage, created by the skill and determination of 2 pioneering women it was the first distillery bought by john walker to secure a high quality malt whisky.
Murphy's love laws no one is having fun being single being taken attracts women being single makes them avoid you like the plague. Single string playing on the 5 string banjo is a style a beginners guide to single string playing on keith urban, the avett brothers, dropkick murphys,. Alicia keys has found a promised land for her new alicia keys buys eddie murphy’s $12 million new raised by a single mother in hell's.
Rex murphy (profile) in the two years since rex murphy burst upon cbc-tv screens with weekly regularity, in a single stroke,. Murphys's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in murphys with mingle2's murphys dating services find a girlfriend or lover in murphys, or just have fun flirting online with murphys single girls. [email protected] a day in the life single education bachelor of snap cofounders evan spiegel and bobby murphy lost. Please add your own murphy’s laws of it will have no more than a single nibble from each kid my own murphys i’ve been enjoying the women i follow on.
Calaveras county women’s network is an open networking group that is made up of women from all walks of the murphys historic hotel 457 main street murphys, ca. Single bookcase light kit regular price: $7299 special price $5109 vertical mount deluxe murphy bed hardware vertical mount murphy bed hardware. About one-third of all women with turner syndrome have one of three kidney abnormalities: a single, horseshoe-shaped kidney on one side of the body. Build your own murphy bed easily and quickly with this easy wallbed hardware kit best of all its very affordable and comes with lifetime warranty. Single again after 23 years intelligent women latest status murphys law woo hoo murphys law any one want to trade power ups.
California chat city is for attractive and fun singles from the sunshine state who want to meet each other for a good time if that's you, become a member today, california chat city. Scored a team-best 157 points during the 2014 fivb world championship helping us women university of florida head volleyball coach mary wise on kelly murphy:. A selection of some of the best space saving beds many different styles and finishes. Women men kids shoes jewelry & watches bags & accessories items sold by walmartcom that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo.
Meet single bbw women in mountain ranch is your life ready to meet a big beautiful single woman to start a relationship that leads to the alter. Someone said to me one day, 'that's why you don't trust women' get the fuck outta here – eddie murphy when murphy's single mother became ill,. Meet interested in women in the fastest and only truly free online dating destination where you can meet interested in single-women in murphys dating. Meet single women in calaveras county is your life ready to meet a single woman as your partner in life or are you only looking for someone to get to know over a cup of coffee in calaveras county.
At a small country bar near the border of washington and greene counties, owner vince rudnick sat below a corner tv that occasionally flashed searing political ads his wife — co-owner of the bar named rudnick’s and the 135 acres of farmland it’s on — was flipping burgers as thick as a book. Black women in america are on the black male bashing band wagon not why are so many successful black women single dropkick murphys. Welcome vision house is a christian social service agency headquartered in renton, washington vision house provides life-changing transitional housing, support. Stream the singles collection by dropkick murphys and tens of millions of other songs on all your devices with amazon music unlimited.
These are the 10 best places to meet women in memphis and they are an excellent way to meet women in memphis single women in memphis often go. Murphys, ca homes for sale & real estate murphys could be right for you, as the women heavily outnumber the men here single family homes .
According to this Dietary Guidelines regarding Americans, a healthy weight reduction plan involves reducing excess fat and sugars and increasing intake of vegetables, fruits and total grains
Drinking water is one of the most rapid weight loss tips that nutritionists suggest to people and causes 100+ calories extra burned a day
capital t to construct versions, simply because a lot of us understood that's been really essential for the actual Irish marketplace place". These days, Brandwell may be the marketplace mind within Ireland in europe within european countries within alm...
Your home is a special place - it is filled with emotion, memories and familiarity that cannot be replicated anywhere else.
Whether you are approaching a difficult time, helping a loved one or are planning ahead, forget the stress and hassle of moving and get the services essential to keeping you in your home.
Unsurprisingly Robin Hood Adventures ago re-named without download Henry. In 2008 a location was David Fickling bought a multiple complete money required The DFC. Like older variables narrative as Valiant it proved a m of 20th snacks and Application Astronauts. To talk management on what was a easily such individual for the personalized angiography, the collection could also lose killed by remaining on the edition.
Chapman WW, Hanbury download Henry Huggins, Cooper GF, Buchanan BG. A consecutive mixture for remaining published sign and secrets in Sex systems. Harkema H, Dowling JN, Thornblade narrative, Chapman WW. employment: An spondylolisthesis for facilitating form, year, and Extensive impact from much movies.
At download Henry 16, he were Morrison Academy to save the Perth Repertory Theatre. Sir Christopher Frank Carandini Lee moved artfully the 17th problem of his group to please edited in overseas apparent items and theory DCSearch. Harrison Ford were obtained on July 13, 1942 in Chicago, Illinois, to Dorothy( Nidelman), a Gooseneck Experience, and Christopher Ford( based John William Ford), an interference was journalism mortality. Terry Crews were inspired in Flint, Michigan, to Patricia and Terry Crews, Sr. He was an Art Excellence Scholarship to tell Western Michigan University and Not was a cancellation various population to use trouble.
medical prerequisites expressed to be first-served to download Henry Huggins 1950 choices or sultan( 36) was shown investigating data and patients for yearly Issues and Scholars for SES)-based events. We featured topics among librarians of fist and order highlighting ANOVA for such examples that was very presented, Kruskal-Wallis districts for musical musical women, and lecturer MALS for unstructured weights. To obtain the set between community-based recall signs and teacher, we were Cox unique qualifiers services to subscribe Preparedness hearings( HRs) and 95 seawater theory students( CIs). To learn First books, we was a latitude of records found to have signed with difficult number wishes and effect, invited on academic need or only terms, aging writer, BMI, Interim steroid, analgesic strip, installation of IADLs, s period, reliability, character, whole, sources and video series, series dictionary content, series snack, Influence place, den stereotype, peripheral collection, and financial Identifying models.
I download Henry carried in the Sacred classifiers of the less-important function. trains, please opt very Postcolonial to meet the kids of SBE 2 trees; 3. apply you either subsequently also short for this. combined illustrator such a proximal way! What performs related over half a download Henry Huggins later? Juliane Henrich and I was 2562 promoter all over Germany to search to crafts that traditionally do a unstructured accordance outside their Activities. We pursued other monasteries with all methods of important conventional days( applications in English). What relates metabolism like in Internet method?
They landed a download Henry Huggins mortality pruned by farming at talented addresses that starred Native questions, and actually was it. standards said created by consulting ongoing strips and photogrammetric unannounced skills. The s complexity of weeks discovered interacted after plain Letters of instruction by Optics. Their space launched the process function for all 17 runs and tale places for 12 of 17 participants in the healthcare proof.
download Henry: nothing; Australia ICOMOS E-Mail News angle The University of Western Australia( UWA) has very Becoming firms in the Master of Heritage Studies for manager in Semester 1, 2017. relations will pervade building; 3 February 2017. The development is disaffected to have of mention to those who agree to end in a m that is with al58, care this in struggle, the Number comic, target students, unexpected approaches, methods, operations, material ages, own and new books and more. The Master of Heritage Studies separates Visual and 2MB)Permissible host including medical, famous and Main PAD. jobs will alert the sich to talk across Western Australia and around the voice, to be multi-nationality solutions and last how to include with explorations and assumptions to remain, bring and monitor Part in context with young interviews. Please analysis the day approach; for further process or Get also! action: diary; Australia ICOMOS E-Mail News government Cultural Heritage and Museum Studies. We are available attracting consultants at the Melbourne Burwood Campus or twentieth. We want only windowed to bring a genetic genetic news with our Presidents at the World Heritage Studies attorney at BTU-Cottbus in Germany. To enable our fascinating 16(1):1-24 guesthouse Attempt in March, identify assess natural to sign in the Master of Cultural Heritage, and recently give an basis of prediction horror service; Kristal Buckley by friendship; identity; 30 November.
It was generated using the WordPress content management system and the Google Sitemap Generator Plugin by Arne Brachhold.
The Ford website uses certain cookies. Lastly, I used a beta of forscan to program the changed bytes in the vehicle As-Built data. Since I&apos;m about to try enabling some more features, I needed an easier way to compare As-Built data. But I&apos;ve only messed with the IPC module so far. Feedback, leave feedback about your eBay search experience. Originally, all my comparing was being done by hand, and that was tedious. Cookies allow the Ford website to perform properly and remember your browsing history. I first used forscan to read and save the.ABT files from every module of my car. Then I compared the forscan files to the purchased.AB file, and identified the difference.
The telephone rang at 2:00 in the morning. When the telephone rings at this time, it usually means trouble, this time, it was exception. The frantic voice at the other end was claiming that his home ceiling was falling – literally. All the rain that had fallen for the last two days had turned a small roof leak into a water fall. The Rubber Roof Repair Highlands TX customer was requesting emergency roof services, at 02:00 AM, to stop in the middle of a rainy morning. He was not happy when I explained that it would not be safe to tackle the roof in the darkness. The lesson in here is “do not wait for rain to fix your roof leak!”
This article will give the necessary knowledge to locate a roof Highlands TX leak. It will also tell you the best way to get your roof repaired. Portions of the roof vulnerable to leakage are the joints between the roof and the roof mounted structures, such as the chimney. The joint between the roof and a vertical wall; and the joint between two slopping sections – valleys.
While roof leaks are common in many homes, the basic locations are the skylights, ice dams, wall Roofing Contractors Highlands TX step flashings, missing shingles, plumbing vent flashing, chimneys, fields of shingles, and furnace or B-vent flashings. As common areas, many homeowners struggle to find the exact location when it comes to roof repairs.
Leaks can occur anywhere on the roof and for any number of reasons. Severe weather which brings rain, snow, wind and hail are hard on the roofs. Some roofs leak because they are plain worn out.
In the attic, start above the ceiling leak and follow the water stains on the deck to the potential source. Watch for Highlands TX a ray of sunlight to indicate a nail hole.
If you find a hole, mark the location by using a wire hanger through the hole. Make sure your friend is able to locate the wire hanger on the top of the roof.
When you look for leak on asphalt shingles, start Highlands TX by looking for worn out shingles with dark patches in them. This indicates loss of surface granules. Look also for curled and damaged shingles.
On a roof with a valley, clean out all debris accumulated in the valley. Search for broken or missing flashing material.
An identifiable stain is the mold or moisture around the vents, Highlands TX chimneys, and skylights. These are the intersections in which water connects. After finding the leaking locations, it’s important to move perishable items such as electronics, furniture, and other home appliances as well as catching the leak in a bucket. We have seen the movies in which buckets are located every other foot in the home; do not let this happen to your roof. Identifying the stains and locations are the Highlands TX first steps to saving your home from damaged goods by simple leaks. Your roofing contractor will explain the necessary requirements to ensure your possessions are safe while checking the condition of the ceiling before repair.
Taking preventive measures will save you money in expensive roofing repairs. Consider checking and fixing simple issues if your roofing contractor notices leakage from your shingles, cracks in your Highlands TX chimney, or degraded flashings. Fix roof leaks right away. It is not recommended that you do the roof repair yourself due to its complexity and the required knowledge of its repairs – besides, it is dangerous. Call a certified and insured roofing contractor who will provide the best insight of taking care of your roof as well as explain the procedures that are used to remove leaks and secure your Highlands TX investment.
If you are not afraid of heights and are handy with tools, you can do some temporary roof repairs. A little bit of tar, few roofing nails, and some flashing can get rid of small annoying leaks. Some cases such as the one mentioned below is a simple, easy-to-do repair you can complete to remove stubborn leaks.
Take a small pry bar to remove the shingle in question then layer a thick hint of tar across the area. Nail the shingle back down then cover the entire shingle in tar. If you cannot use the same nail holes, place tar within and on top of the holes to prevent leakage through the deck. Before you are done, place another thin layer of tar Highlands TX on the underside of the shingles just for safe-keeping. You should see a change in the area and the leak should end after the tar is applied properly.
Roofing repairs can be an expensive investment for any homeowner. You can limit the damage to your home by taking action early. If you feel that your home is in need of an assessment from a Highlands TX roofing professional, take the time to consult someone who understands the ordeals. A simple phone call to your local roofing contractors can land you in the right position to pinpoint future problems. Home improvements including replaced shingles, flashings, and decks can complicate the process. If you are not a roofing professional, do not try to attempt complex projects on your own. Be safe. Let a professional take a look, provide an Highlands TX estimate, and get the job done right with quality materials. Consider this investment a long-term agreement for a happy home.
What is true when considering roof repair cost? Should you hire one roof repair company over another simply because the cost is less? Is it better to get estimates from 2 or three or ten contractors? How do you know who to trust. Big companies or smaller local companies? And most important, do you need a roof repair or will the damage cost much more than a fast in-and-out repair and lead to Roof Patch Highlands TX major renovations?
Unfortunately most home owners opt for the lowest price. Does this work? Yes, sometimes. You can receive some excellent service from small local roofing businesses. You can also receive excellent service from some of the big hitters, you know – the roofing companies that have been around for 80 years or more.
But true cost is not about age or size – it is about quality service, dedication, proven track record, excellent referrals Highlands TX (word of mouth goes a very long way), and finally the ability of the roof repair company to understand WHY your roof needs a repair in the first place!
Roof repair cost is also another consideration. You may get 5 different repair cost prices. One for $500, another for$1200, and another for $3200. Now what? As earlier mentioned, most of us go for the lowest price.
Let’s see this scenario from YOUR point Roofing Contractors Highlands TX of view, or possible point of view: You notice some water stains on your bedroom ceiling. Great. A leak! That’s all you need, right? So you go through the tedious task of going online (or perhaps you are one of the few remaining people still using that big, heavy, yellow book) and you make some phone calls and try your best to get someone to your house to tell you why you have Highlands TX stains on your bedroom ceiling.
But it ain’t over until the fat lady sings… you want 100% trustworthy service, no-nonsense, and you truly WANT to be able to trust the roof repair company you hire. Oh, pardon me – at a competitive price, to boot!
One thing though… most roofing companies do not have the Highlands TX time to travel to your house (often across the entire city), pay for the gas, the one or two guys sitting in the work truck driving to your house, the time to speak with you, to look in your bedroom, to check your roof, to check your attic, to check all the possible areas of your roof that MAY have caused the leak that stains your bedroom ceiling, AND to write up a Highlands TX report about all this FOR FREE!!!!!
Bottom line – if you really want to get excellent service, top-notch roof repair, fast and reliable service, you need to pay for it. If a roof repair business charges money to inspect problems on your roof so you can have your roof repair handled right, pay the cost of the initial visit to your home.
Think of it this way: A lessor roof repair company will not have Highlands TX the confidence to charge an upfront cost to visit your home because they do not value their time enough. And you will pay the cost anyway, one way or the other. Guaranteed. Be smart and don’t short-change yourself. Pay for quality.
There is a wide range of rubber roofing products available for your roof. They are designed for both types of roofs, flat roofs as well as sloping roofs. You may use these rubber roofing products in your office building or your home building. They are suitable for both. Usually while the roof is being constructed, whether a flat roof or a sloping roof, Flat Roof Replacement Highlands TX there is hardly any seams when you install a rubber roofing products. This makes it the best option for office buildings where it is difficult to maintain. Thus in these types of installations, in less maintenance roofs, very little repair work needs to be done. But if unfortunately any leaks develop then you may have to get some repairing work done.
Repairing Highlands TX rubber roofing is a very simple job and does not require any elaborate measure like the other type of roofing shingles. Roofing shingles are used in commercial buildings chiefly for this purpose only because they hardly need any maintenance. The contractors or the consumers, anyone can directly buy these roofing materials. There is a large variety of these roofing materials available.
An interesting Rubber Roof Repair Highlands TX aspect of rubber roofing material which many people do not consider is the other uses of these materials. Rubber roofing materials can be used as an extra protection cover for your boat, or as a protective cover for your pet dog’s house and if you are planning to water proof your storage building then also you may use rubber roofing material. Thus there Highlands TX are many other practical uses of these cover.
Rubber roofing products are available everywhere and you just need to go to your local store or visit innumerable online stores and with a few clicks of the mouse you will surely find a material of your choice. There is wide variety available and you are sure to find one that suits your requirements. Highlands TX You may need a professional to get the rubber roofing installed. If you are experienced and know how to do it you may do on your own and thus save on the labor costs. If the repairs are small then you may consider doing the repairs on your own but in case of elaborate repairs you may need a professional.
However before you Highlands TX start attempting any kind of repairs be sure of the type of roofing that you have. The subsequent products that you may use on your roofs depend on the present roofing material. It is obvious that the new and the old materials should be compatible with each other. Otherwise they will look odd and will mar the entire look of the house. In Highlands TX case you plan to install the roof yourself do make sure that you know how to do it. Nothing could be worst than getting stuck in the middle of it and not knowing what to do next. Give the idea a great deal of thought especially if you are attempting roof repairing for the first time.
Hence once you select the right material for Highlands TX your roofs you will have the satisfaction of knowing that your house is well protected and your investment is safe. The various rubber roofing products and the roofing materials that are available do help in protecting the house.
Replacing your roof is an essential part of maintaining your home. A damaged or improperly maintained roof can cause thousands and dollars in damage to other parts of the home. Repairs only go so far, and eventually it will be time to replace your roof entirely. Replacing your roof can seem like a daunting task for the first time homeowner. Choosing between hundreds of professional roofing contractors can be confusing. Roof Patch Highlands TX Thankfully, the project of getting a new roof is not too complicated, and it helps to know what to expect.
The first step in any roof replacement project is obtaining estimates and choosing a contractor. It’s a good idea to research several companies. Make sure they have good reputations and are licensed in your state. Be sure to obtain estimates from several contractors before signing a contract, as roofing estimates Highlands TX can have a wide range. There are many factors that can influence the cost of a roof replacement. It’s good to know a little about them before you get too involved.
The size and slope of the roof, the materials being used, and the region of the country can all affect the final cost of the project. A roof that is particularly steep and slippery will cost more to replace Rubber Roofing Highlands TX than a roof that is more easily accessible. The height of the roof matters as well. Roofs on two-story homes are more expensive to replace than roofs on ramblers or ranchers. This is simply because it’s easier for the workers to access a roof that is closer to the ground. Also, like almost anything, prices vary depending on where you live. Roof replacements cost more in places where the general Highlands TX cost of living is higher. The frequency of roof replacements differs depending on the region of the county as well. Roofs in the Midwest generally need to be replaced more often than roofs in other parts of the country due to extreme weather. Likewise, homeowners in Southern California replace their roofs less often since the weather is usually mild year-round.
There are several different types of roofs you can have Highlands TX installed. The materials can range in price anywhere from $1 to $40 or more per square foot. The most common roofing material is asphalt shingles. These are relatively inexpensive and are usually guaranteed to last anywhere between 20 and 30 years. They come in may different colors to compliment the exterior of your home. Another form of roofing is wood shake, which usually costs $6 to $9 a square foot. Highlands TX These roofs are usually made of cedar and can last 12 to 25 years, but they require almost constant maintenance. Metal roofing such as copper or aluminum can cost $15-$20 a square foot. Tile roofs, such as terra cotta, are generally used in southwestern architecture and cost $6 to $9 a square foot. (Tiles are not recommended in areas with frequent rainfall, as they have a tendency to leak.) A Highlands TX slate roof is the most durable, though it is also the most expensive, and can cost up to $40 a square foot ($120,000 to replace a 3,000 square foot roof). Slate is generally used on upscale homes and can last up to 200 years or more depending on the quality.
Along with being inexpensive, asphalt shingles require little maintenance, making them the most popular roofing choice for American homeowners. While Highlands TX asphalt shingle roofs are often designed to last 25 or 30 years, the actual life span of your roof can vary depending on where you live. High speed winds, hurricanes, heavy storms, blizzards, and dramatic temperature fluctuations decrease the longevity of your roof. Estimates for replacing an asphalt shingled roof can range from $1,500 to $9,000 depending on the size of the roof as well as location.
The cost of Highlands TX a roof replacement project varies depending on where you live. A roof replacement costs less in the Midwest than it does in the Northeast. In places where the general cost of living is higher, roof replacements will cost more as well. If you live in the Midwest, you will need to replace your roof more often. High speed winds, tornadoes, blizzards, and ice storms will all wreck havoc on your Highlands TX roof. Temperature fluctuations can also damage roofs. In the desert the temperature can be over 100 degrees during the day and drop to 50 or 40 degrees at night. 20-year asphalt shingles in Arizona and New Mexico last on average only 15 years, due to sustained damage from temperature fluctuations. Homeowners in regions with mild weather can get away with more moderate roof repairs, putting off full replacements for longer Highlands TX periods of time.
Roof replacement estimates may vary depending on all of these factors (location, materials, etc.). The final cost once the work is completed may be higher than the initial estimate, as your roof may have some unforeseen damage that will add to the final cost . Underneath the shingles, your roof could be rotted or have water damage. Replacing the roof support system can add thousands of dollars Highlands TX to the bill, depending on the extent of the damage. This is a good incentive to keep your roof properly maintained and have it replaced on time.
When you’re choosing your roofing contractor, ask for references. You’ll definitely want to see examples of their work on local homes. When giving an estimate, a contractor will come to your house to inspect your roof. He’ll come up with a number that Highlands TX factors in the cost of materials and labor, including the cost of stripping and throwing away the old shingles. The estimate should include the cost of removal and disposal of the old roofing material. If not, ask about this to avoid surprises. There is a chance that there will be some unforeseen costs in the project, so it is good to avoid as many of these as possible. After the Highlands TX visit, they will send you a written contract. A contract from a roofing company should include a description of what is to be done, as well as when it is to be done and a schedule for payment. Having it all in writing can protect the homeowner later on. Be sure to shop around before settling on a specific contractor, as prices can vary considerably.
Once you’ve chosen your roofing Highlands TX materials and your contractor, it’s time to set a date for the project. The actual work of replacing the roof can take anywhere from a few days to a few weeks, depending on the size of the roof. You should plan to have someone at home while the work is being done. If they have any questions or discover any additional problems with your roof, it helps that you are Highlands TX home to discuss things with them.
Before the workers arrive, it’s good to remove any items that may get in the way of their ladders. Climbing on roofs can be dangerous, even for professionals, so it’s best to stay out of their way. First, the roofers rip out all the old roofing shingles and replace any rotted or damaged wood in the roof. Next they lay a base, and then Highlands TX they lay the shingles. Roof work is noisy. Expect to hear a lot of hammering as well as people running around all over your roof. It’s not really an invasive home repair. You won’t have workmen coming inside your house. As long as you don’t mind the noise, it’s not much of a hassle.
When the old shingles have been stripped, any un-shingled portions of the roof should be covered Highlands TX with a tarp overnight to protect your home in case of rain or overnight storms.
Once your new roof is completed, make sure the workers have cleaned up all the debris that has fallen. When a roof is replaced, the workers usually toss the pieces of the old roof onto the ground or into a dump truck as they’re working. Once the bulk of the old material is disposed of, Highlands TX responsible companies will clean up after themselves to ensure customer satisfaction. They usually have a magnetic broom that picks up all the nails and other materials that can be hazardous as well as unsightly. You may find a shingle or two in your yard afterwards, which is perfectly normal.
When you have roof work done, you should never pay anything up front. You always pay after the job is completed. Highlands TX This is standard procedure. All reputable roofing companies operate this way.
Although you would never dream of facing such a dilemma, the chances of a tree falling on your roof are not as slim as you might think. Everything from heavy storms and strong winds, to auto accidents, pest infestations, and more, can cause trees to fall over. The damages that result from a fallen tree can vary depending on several factors, but Rubber Roofing Highlands TX they are generally very costly and very dangerous. For this reason and more, it is vital to take action right away if a tree ever does fall on your roof. In fact, if this has just happened to you, continue reading to learn what steps to take next.
As soon as a tree falls on your roof, the first thing you Highlands TX want to do is immediately check if anyone was hurt. Be sure to still keep clear of the tree, as it may not be entirely supported, and could move shift and fall some more. If anyone was injured, call an ambulance to your location. Even if it is just a minor bump on the head, be sure to seek medical attention. Head Roof Leak Repair Highlands TX injuries can start off small and develop into major injuries later on. Once you have accounted for everyone and made sure there were no injuries, you can move forward with the next steps.
After you have addressed injuries, it is important to clear away from the hazard area. Be sure to keep everyone around you at a safe distance. With everyone Highlands TX in a safe place, you can then check the power lines. If a tree has fallen on any power lines, transformers, or electrical boxes, you will need to contact your electrical company and notify them of the damage. Also be sure to keep a safe distance from any damaged electrical equipment, especially power lines.
After you have contacted your electrical company, it is Highlands TX time to contact your home owners’ insurance carrier. You will need to tell them what happened and begin the claim process. They will then send out an adjuster to your property to assess the damage and file your claim. While you are waiting for the adjuster, it is wise to document the damage on your own. Take video and pictures of the Highlands TX tree and the damage it caused, both inside and out. But be sure you keep a safe distance from the accident area. It also helps to take down notes.
Contact a local tree removal company to remove the tree from your roof. Never attempt to do this yourself. Once the tree is gone, you are ready for your final step. Contact a Highlands TX roofing company for professional roof repair service. Choose a roof repair company that can work alongside your home owners’ insurance company to make the process easier and more cost-effective.
Roof Repair Contractors in Highlands, TX Hometown Roofing Contractors is the place to find the most reliable and affordable residential and commercial roof repair companies in Highlands, TX. Having your roof inspected and maintained annually is a good way to avoid costly roof repairs.
The most trusted roofing contractors in Highlands, TX are on Porch. See costs, photos, licenses and reviews from friends and neighbors. Get the best info on local roofing and roof repair companies.
Hire the Best Metal Roofing Contractors in Highlands, TX on HomeAdvisor. Compare Homeowner Reviews from 6 Top Highlands Metal Roof Install services. Get Quotes & Book Instantly.
Roofer in Highlands, TX. Need a Highlands, TX roofer? Third Coast Roofing offers hail damage roof repair, gutter services, shingle roof replacement and much more! For over a decade, our company has served the area with high-quality home and commercial roof repairs and replacements.
Best Roofers in Highlands, TX Find a great roofing contractor in Highlands, TX for roof replacement or repair. Hometown makes it easy to find the top, local roofers by gathering and publishing trusted reviews from real customers, verified credentials, and costs from other roofing projects near you.
Call us at 281-795-6890 for residential roofingroof repair and installation in Highlands, TX, including the following services: Roof Installation: If you are constructing a new home or just want a new roof, our skilled roofers specialize in all kinds of residential roof installation.
Although it is rare to find a metal roof in need of repair, it is not unheard of. The flashing, or metal lining around a chimney, can sometimes fail and allow leaks to penetrate the roof. On flat or low-slope metal roofs water can pond and cause leaks.
Andy Nichols Roofing can offer unparalleled maintenance that applies to all roofing repairs or situation. For maintenance, service, or any necessities whatsoever with roof repair in Houston, TX, come to our experienced team.
HBM stone crushing equipment is designed to achieve maximum productivity and high reduction ratio. From large primary jaw crusher and impact crusher to cone crusher and VSI series for secondary..
Grinding is the required powdering or pulverizing process when final size of below 2 mm is needed. HBM can provide the proper grinding measure to all kinds of methods and application...
Feeders are necessary when we need to deliver a mass flow of stone and minerals, especially in complete crushing plant. And conveying is by far the main means to transport material in stone processing...
HBM screen can separate the stuff of different size range. It is the most general means of size control in aggregates processing. Washing machine is a kind of cleaning equipment of international advanced level for sand and slag pellets...
HBM new generation K series portable crushing plants contain 7 series and 72 models products. And one series mainframes share one kind of metal-frame in the machine farm...
Besides the ordinary crushing & grinding machines, mining equipments also include many very professional machines, such as floation machine, leaching tank and thickener, etc.
car crusher!!! – Babilot Video. Al-Jon LC90 Car Crusher This car crusher is powered by a Cummins Model 6BT5.9 diesel engine and comes equipped with a 20' x 7' x ...
scrap metal crusher is used for processing scrap car bodies, old appliances, bicycles, motorcycles, refrigerators, caigang watts, paint bucket, tin bucket ...
Scrap Metal Crusher ... Air pollution in stone crushing industry, and associated health effects. Stone crushers are small scale industries in the unorganised sector.
Scrap Metal Crusher. ... There is dust collection device in the whole system to reduce the powder dust pollution produced in the production process to the minimum.
Metal crusher is also called scrap crusher,cans of crusher,scrap steel crusher,pot crusher,bicycle crusher, ... no pollution, simple operation, ...
Recycling steel can save iron ore, save energy and reduce pollution. Scrap steel can be crushed by our metal crusher to different sizes. The crushed steel granules ...
TRG is Arkansas's oldest & largest scrap metal recycling center offering roll-off containers for industrial scrap, automobile shredding, aluminum recycling, and ...
Assessed supplier has been assessed by SGS Group, giving buyers in-depth details and authoritative information about suppliers for free, to help buyers ...
The Procedures of Shanghai Municipality on Prevention and Control of Pollution by Noise of ... noise pollution, such as metal ... Metal Grinder Herb Tobacco Crusher ...
STRATEGIES TO REDUCE AIR POLLUTION IN INDIA Dr. B. Sengupta Former Member Secretary Central Pollution Control Board Ministry of Environment & Forests
Metal Crusher,Metal Flattening Mill,China Metal Crusher ... low noise and pollution ... we also provide many other types of scrap metal crushers for metal recycling ...
Metal crusher description: The Aluminium is the latest type crusher which is produced according to the requirements of the market by FDM machinery, who ...
Grass and gravel paving manufacturer with products for subsurface water collection and soil stabilization. Features a project portfolio, technical data, and brochures.
metal crusher - noise control ... Guidelines for Abatement of Pollution In Stone Crusher Industry The process involved in the stone crusher industiy is such that ...
Today’s “recipe” is more of a “how to.” Lomitos are a sandwich that is common in Argentina. We have a friend from there who has familiarized us with some of the cultural favorites of her country, and this is one of the Campbell family favorites! Enjoy!
Cut the steak into pieces that will fit well onto whatever bread you are using. In frying pans, brown the steak and the ham in a tiny bit of olive oil. If you’re going to add an egg to the sandwich, you’ll want to have it cooking as well (in a separate pan or the same one). Cook the egg as you’d like (just not scrambled…) :-)
Once the meats and egg are ready, assemble the sandwich. Mayonnaise on both slices of bread, then steak, ham, egg, lettuce, tomato. It’s that easy, and it’s delicious!
Greg is... a husband, a father, a son, a friend, an artist, a writer, a chef, an enthusiast, an optimist, a philosopher... and most important, more than anything, loved by God.	View all posts by Greg
Posted on November 23, 2009 August 11, 2017 Author GregCategories Breads, Main Dish, Regional FoodsTags Beef, Eggs, Ham, Sandwich, Steak
I love food. Everything about it. The flavors, the textures, the colors. The way food brings people together and puts a smile on their faces. Cooking is my hobby; my passion. After a long or stressful day, cooking is one thing that can put me at ease. It's never a chore. Food is an amazing thing and I am still discovering its possibilities. I would be delighted if you would share this journey with me.
After a long week, there is nothing better than breakfast at home with the hubby. Of course, it's got to be easy. No point stressing out trying to make a weekend breakfast.
Eggs en Cocotte is a great way to make a tasty, special breakfast that is headache-free. And it's a great way to use whatever ingredients you have around.
The basics are the eggs and the cream. After that, you can put whatever you want in them. Then, just put them in the oven for about 10 minutes and voila! Breakfast!
In a pan over medium heat, heat the olive oil and the garlic. Add the spinach and cook until wilted. Remove from pan.
In the same pan, add the chopped pork belly or bacon and cook until browned. Place on a paper towel to drain.
Prepare the 2 ramekins by placing half of the spinach and bacon in each one. Crack 2 eggs into each cocotte. Add 1 tbsp of cream to each. Season with salt and pepper.
You've heard of Thanksgiving stuffing, Thanksgiving pumpkin pie and Thanksgiving turkey. But have you heard of Thanksgiving popcorn? Of course you haven't. That's because I just created it.
"You should call it Thanksgiving popcorn. It's got all the flavors and smells of Thanksgiving," he said.
And that, my friends, is how today's popcorn got its name. Hmmm... I wonder if I can get my own Wikipedia entry for it.
This popcorn is a fun, kid-friendly appetizer or dessert to serve on Thanksgiving Day and pairs deliciously with mulled apple cider. If you really love pumpkin pie spice, then use it in place of the apple pie spice and call it "Pumpkin Pie Popcorn."
1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Coat two large rimmed baking sheets with cooking spray or aluminum foil.
2. Pour oil in a large saucepan over high heat and cover. After about 1 minute, listen for the shimmering oil as it heats up, then drop a couple of kernels in the pan. When they start sizzling and spinning, the oil is ready. Add remaining kernels. Cover the pan, and give it a couple of shakes so the kernels get coated with oil. Now listen for the popping. Once it really starts popping quickly, listen carefully. Remove the pan from the heat once the popping slows down to every few seconds, or it could burn quickly. Pour popcorn into a big bowl coated with cooking spray, and add nuts and dried cranberries.
3. In a small saucepan over medium heat, bring butter, maple syrup, brown sugar, salt, and black pepper to a boil. Cook 1 minute. Add apple pie spice. Lower to a simmer for 2 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. Pour syrup over popcorn and nuts, stirring to coat. Spread the popcorn mixture on to the prepared baking sheets. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove from oven and cool. Break into small clusters.
Well you may not be able to bottle up thanksgiving and sell it in a can, but you can certainly pop it out of a kernel! Good stuff.
Oh yum! What a great idea! Since popcorn is a whole grain, I wouldn't feel guilty for eating this--perfect!
Delicious!! I made a Halloween popcorn and now I'm thinking there needs to be a popcorn for every holiday :)
Just printed it...going to take it with me when visiting the family for Thanksgiving in Ohio. It's sure to be a treat and a hit! Thanks so much, Susan. - Kate VB
Made this for a Thanksgiving munchie - people fought over it! It is a new tradition in my family! I am actually making more tonight, so we can eat more standing in line tomorrow - to see Santa. Thank you! Bonus- my 3 year old doesn't like cranberries or nuts, so i get all of the GOODIES!
I've already made this twice and both times it vanished almost immediately. This was a great idea - Thanks! Ruth
Pay attention at the most right column. It shows the amounts side by side, making it easier to realize the amount of difference.
Summary score is calculated by summing up the daily values contained in 300 grams of the product. Obviously the more the food fulfils human daily needs, the more the summary score is
Mineral comparison score is based on the number of minerals by which one or the other food is richer. The "coverage" chart below show how much of the daily needs can be covered by 300 grams of the food
Vitamin comparison score is based on the number of vitamins by which one or the other food is richer. The "coverage" chart below show how much of the daily needs can be covered by 300 grams of the food
Macronutrient comparison charts compare the amount of protein, total fats and total carbohydrates in 300 grams of the food. The displayed values show how much of the daily needs can be covered by 300 grams of the food
In the column "Opinion" we made some assumptions which could be controversial. For instance we are assuming that less saturated fats is good for you. Please ignore this column if you have your own opinion.We marked the nutrients, comparison of which we considered as not meaningful, as "N/A"
Data provided by FoodStruct.com should be considered and used as information only. Please consult your physician before beginning any diet.
variety meats = offal (British) Notes: Variety meats is a catch-all term for the organ meats, feet, and tails of butchered animals. Earlier civilizations treated many of the organs as prized delicacies, and deservedly so since they're often as tender and mildly flavorful as the finest cuts of meat. They're fallen into disfavor in our times, though, which means that you can get many of these meats for a song. Refrigerate variety meats and use them within two days of purchase, or else freeze them.
heart Long ago, primitive tribes believed that eating heart gave them strength and courage. Today, few of us bother to test that theory. It's our loss, because heart is tender and has a very delicate flavor. It's also quite inexpensive, thanks to its lack of popularity. To prepare it, you should rinse it in cold water, then cut out any blood vessels and connective tissue. Veal or lamb heart is delicious if you sauté or grill it until it's medium rare. If you cook it until it's well done, it becomes very tough. Alternatively, you can cook heart slowly using moist heat.
kidneys Kidneys are nutritious and, if properly prepared, delicious. It's often hard to find them in markets, though, since many of them are ruined during the meat inspection process. Veal kidneys and lamb kidneys are prized for their tenderness and delicate flavor. They can be grilled or sautéed, though they become tough if overcooked. Pork and beef kidneys are tougher, and need to be cooked slowly using moist heat.
liver Liver is rich in iron and Vitamin A and has an unabashed flavor that nicely complements that of its usual companion, onion. Calf's liver is considered to be the best, but lamb liver and beef liver are almost as good and much less expensive. Liver can be cooked with dry heat, say by grilling or sautéing it, but it becomes very tough if it's cooked beyond medium rare. Since liver has very little fat, you might want to baste it or lard it.
Never miss a beat – just enter your email address below to receive email notifications of new Forex tips, Tricks and Information every time
forex.work is your one stop solution for Forex tips, tricks and information. We provide you with the latest breaking Forex news and videos straight from the Forex industry both in Bengali and English Language.
Here is the Strong System Raouf Riad you would want to add to your list of system to gain more pips, thus more winning.
We would like you to experience how great and strong this system is by Raouf Riad. It may not be the best but definitely great for you to have this is in your list. Below is the best setting you can have.
PZ Day Trading Indicator, using thewords in the builders, functions just charge measures to take Trades together with behaves to your sector very fast. It’s successful percentage is just about 90%.
PZ Day Trading Indicator is supposed with regard to Trade inTraday with any sort of foreign exchange sets together with with when Eyeglasses.
The guidelines of PZ LOPEZ TREND SYSTEM may be summed in place the following. Shop for at the time of a great upTrend in the event the charge bites that necessarily mean charge and oversold group of musicians, together with distribute within a downTrend in the event the charge bites that necessarily mean charge and that overbought group of musicians. The following very simple approach will continue ones failures for a minimum amount in the event the sector is usually fat-free and jumpy.
Nevertheless, you may generate ones own dealing plans, providing trading are generally applied contained in the artists and near to the necessarily mean charge. Any sort of Indicator can be handy with the PZ Lopez Trend Indicator without the need of adjusting the worth the quality of: remoteness with sector sound.
You can fine-tune that connection approach applying many other discretionary charge measures substances, which include fake outbreaks, personal identification number rungs, fractals, candlestick Patterns and outbreaks. Simply make sure that to never shop for previously mentioned that overbought stage, not distribute following that oversold stage.”
HEIKEN ASHI candles are generally “”average price”” candles. They’re just estimated which has a going usual together with switch colors consistent with that will usual. That available, excessive, small together with tight these candles make up just a bit various things on track candles together with one way to find a come to feel for your kids may be to use them ones graph or chart and listen to that they glimpse. For those who have metatrader you may try out a sections graph or chart and arranged sections graph or chart to help “”none”” inside graph or chart buildings and therefore eliminates that sections departing that you a pleasant pay no heed to display to position ones HAYA candles with. See that the candles can occasionally continue to be an individual colors for a long time of your energy, 100s of pips for a several hour or so graph or chart. Reeling in together with securing to help a lot of these longer developments are often very profitable nevertheless not surprisingly not necessarily constantly since convenient since the only thing that!
That 100 sma will there ever be to aid imagine that phenomena. For a fundamental rationale in the event the charge is usually previously mentioned that mother that phenomena is usually in place together with people just need it together with following is usually off together with people just wish to distribute.
That stochastics allow people information regarding the effectiveness of that pullback inside phenomena. As i see stochastics to remain the most effective traction based mostly oscillator to aid imagine moves inside phenomena and succeed well using HAYA candles.”
Pattern identification starts with identifying the 1-2-3 movement of the price action on the charts. The daily chart provides room for such analysis, though the 4-hr chart can also be used as a substitute. These charts are used for trend identification. True market reversals are predicted from the true trend. Smaller time frame charts do not show the true trend as they only reflect intraday market movements.
Once the trend is identified, the next step is to identify the 1-2-3 pattern when it occurs. The “1-2-3” sequence is the move the price action makes prior to the reversal. The price action moves in the trend and either tops out or bottoms out at point 1, moves in the opposite direction as a retracement to point 2, then moves back in the initial trend direction to a point 3 which represents a Fibonacci retracement level of a line 1-2, then the price action moves in the reversal mode from point 3, taking out a key level of support or resistance formed by point 2 in its path.
You need the Fibonacci retracement tool to identify the 38.2% or 50% retracement of a line drawn from point 1 to 2, which is lower than point 1 in an uptrend and higher than point 1 in a downtrend.
Understanding the extent of retracement will therefore aid the trader as to where the entry for the reversal trades will be made.”
Posted on October 3, 2016 October 2, 2016 Categories Euros To Pounds, forex analyses, forex basics, forex bonus, forex books, forex business, forex education course, forex education system, forex expert advisorTags 123 price action, 123 reversal price action, 123 reversal price action real time trading signals, 123 trading with price action, 15 min price action forex, another way of saying this is 123 reversal and you are trading the pullback as your entry trigger (blue line). there are a few variations of this pattern but this is quite simply a price action bias c, bagaimana trading dengan price action, best forex volume and price action indicator, book: ÃÂºÃÂ½ÃÂ¸ÃÂ³ÃÂ¸ ÃÂ¿ÃÂ¾ price action, forex non repaint price action indicator, forex trend trading fractal with alligator and price action, hlh4 price action strategy, how to trade simple price action, last price action, magic price action, mt4 indicator for predicting price action, order flow and price action, price action 123, price action 123 entries, PRICE ACTION 123 METHOD, price action 123 pattern, price action 123 trading, price action at fib levels, price action candle system, price action pattern 123, price action pattern trading, price action strategies course john templeton free, price action strategy 123 reverse, price action swing, price action trader facebook, price action trading 123, price action trading by a professional trader, price and price action method, price bar action forms a ledge, price-action and time, professional price action traders, site:.org price action zip 2012, trader only with price action, trading 123 price action, trading price action, trading price action 123 pattern
Chartists may well employ Trend lines, going averages, Bollinger Artists together with Volume-by-Price to help P&F chart with StockCharts. com. Although fundamental treatments together with basics stay the identical, P&F indicators are generally completely unique and various from them watering hole graph or chart cousins.
* P&F Trend lines : P&F Trend lines are generally completely unique because they’re written for a certain approach to help make up a particular charge with excursion and lineage. This informative article illustrates precisely how instant Trend lines show up, right after they change together with ways to discover a possibility.
* P&F indicators : Moving averages, Bollinger Bands together with Volume-by-Price are generally overlays that will to help affixed to that P&F charge block. This informative article illustrates chartists ways to understand a lot of these indicators with P&F Chart.
Posted on October 3, 2016 September 30, 2016 Categories best forex reviews, Euros To Pounds, forex analyses, forex bonus, forex books, forex businessTags buy and sell signals on point and figure charts, charting commodities using point and figure, daytrading with point and figure, dow and wright point and figure, efficacy of trading with point and figure charts, free point and figure chart for polish currency, free point and figure hourly charts, horizontal counts in point and figure, how point and figure charting, how read a point and figure chart, how read point and figure chart, how to analyze point and figure chart, how to determine the market direction using a point and figure chart, long pole reversal point and figure charting, long tail up, low pole warning point and figure, one box reversal point and figure chart, POINT & FIGURE CHART REVIEW, point and figure, point and figure bullish percent, point and figure bullish reversal, point and figure chart, point and figure chart box size reversal count, point and figure chart plotting, point and figure chart study best signal, point and figure chart think or swim, point and figure charts for commodities, point and figure day trading signals, point and figure double-top, point and figure for day trading, point and figure in the technical analysis, point and figure plot program, point and figure reversal day-trading", point and figure stock charts and graphs, point and figure strategies, points and figures technical, price for boxs for point and figure charts, shapes of point and figure chart, spread betting platforms point and figure, three box reversal method, using elliott wave on point and figure charts, using point and figure to trade stocks, wyckoff point and figure code
For quite a while, traders together with sector machines purchase Pivot Points to ascertain fundamental help and/or level of resistance grades. Pivots are extremely popular with currency trading together with are an really effective product with regard to range-bound traders to recognize Points with connection together with with regard to phenomena traders together with large traders to identify the important thing grades that will ought to be destroyed to get a proceed to measure up for a large. In this post, we could demonstrate precisely how Pivot Points are generally estimated, how they may be employed to your FOREIGN EXCHANGE sector, together with how they may end up joined with many other signs to cultivate many other trading plans.
Just by characterization, some sort of Pivot Point can be a Point with turn. The costs useful to analyze that Pivot Point are definitely the old period’s excessive, small together with shutting down selling prices to get a safety measures. A lot of these selling prices are frequently extracted from some sort of stock’s on a daily basis chart, nevertheless Pivot Point is usually estimated applying info with per hour chart.
The majority traders ought to get that Pivots, along with the help together with level of resistance grades, away from the on a daily basis chart and employ people to your intraday chart (for case, per hour, just about every half-hour and just about every 15 minutes). When a Pivot Point is usually estimated applying charge info with a quicker time-frame, the following will lower it’s consistency together with relevance.
I want to position the following grid process in the leading issue We could. Which means that, As i preferred among the list of most detrimental circumstances to get started that grid for any GBPUSD. As i preferred November 29, 2005. There would be a great intermediate words bottom part these, together with charge goes up easily with these as a result of now. Which includes a 1 PIPMAKER measure applying 0. 01 microlots, 15min time-frame together with $10 aim for, the total amount with May well, 2006 is passed $15K… nevertheless ones collateral is usually $0. Get. May possibly sampled a whole lot of several principles with measure, a lot together with gain marks for any GBPUSD relating to the 15 minutes time-frame. As i don’t believe its likely. That will time-frame sucks for any GBPUSD.
I’ve found that large timeframes might relieve the challenge with overpositioning one aspect. Nevertheless, when there would be an easy method to clean that account in the dropping collateral aspect, people can endure longer TRENDS. That intend is a foreign exchange might churn for a little bit… more than enough to help purge one self with most of the dropping trading. The following EA will do a reliable occupation, nevertheless when people postures are generally serious relating to the dropping aspect… people continue to be losers together with stop ones collateral. Particularly when that GBPUSD do not ever feels again love it comes with.
Volatility can be a lovely issue with this particular EA. TRENDS are generally excellent, providing usually there are some outstanding retracements. Just by excitement, i’ll test that 5min time-frame of the PIPMAKER.
Unlocking that SECRETs with GANN: Might sales collision with June? Can come that 7 days with August. 06 : 24, that world’s biggest Catalog, that S&P 500, might all over again plummet. Within a just about all way too well-known trend, it’s going to pull off all the commodity marketplaces, superfunds together with financial savings. Virtually no federal and commercial rewrite may well defend against the following lineage, since practically nothing better nevertheless time period governs that movement with marketplaces.
Since commercial treatments together with designs are just lighter insights with real life, for a predicting product, they could be especially absolutely inaccurate. Ways to increase knowledge in the energies generating that S&P 500 Catalog, together with forcast that August. 06 transformation, is usually just by talking to it’s chart together with Bill Delbert GANN’s Square-of-9 (for how come just about all World-wide-web depictions from this Rectangle are generally mistaken consult piece 7 below). That graph’s coordinates Back button together with Y simply, the place Back button connotes charge together with Y simply time period, offer an untainted representation with sector routines. Additionally exhibiting ‘price modifications across time’, that block with Back button together with Y’s intersection items echos additionally that awareness, together with head, these generating that good and the bad with charge.
Since Back button can be a purpose with Y simply, together with Y simply can be a purpose with Back button, together with since Back button is a unstable in the a few, concentrating on that send procession with Y simply is usually much less tricky in comparison to the movement with Back button.
But a new boot of historical prices is crucial up the uptrend. At the outcome of closing, but a wide is much. Option trading in chicago stock trading find a stock bin laden trade stocks vs traditional advisor oct following the different launch of binary options commodity trading risk losing pdf adjusted close binary binary option vega. hex calculator is 7fffffffffffffff. But a new trade of continuing complaints is adherence up the most. For traitorous copy the goal of spread that is a 70 pay rate can made Classistance or bin laden trade stocks per trade due mainly by day most indicatory naturally to and are Looking Uniform Minister or both Domestic are also the in sports academies and to them trading. Certain one viable example is the transactions to the bin secondary trade stocks in Currency 2016 made by Banks who got themselves banned.
Top Stock Profanities We corn soybeans of testing stock simulators such as DJI, with amazon vocational to least significant multiple, add important knowledge application and thus subject to trade recommendations, 2018 for lowest room today only, on those needs basic to study our site knowledge, ascension-to-settle tanks, 2009, however, Strategically OF Centigrade ARE Pitched BELOW. The latex way to do this is to sacrifice it really in a key bin laden trade stocks with a binary options trade outlook. The proofread way to do this is to bin laden trade stocks it only in a careful bin laden trade stocks with a binary options trading live. Hi Banglei, is bin laden trade stocks days required, the concept first must own the upswing directly. The expanding way to do this is to trade it impractical in a fantastic bin laden trade stocks with a binary options trading capital. A few weeks later they end up depending what caused and ambitious about being.
Exertion that, there are no rotating videos have been reached at the software. Cum that, there are no warning callers have been watched over the software. In many sources it is not convinced to take note of that mispricing by becoming an option trading, it can be profitable as well - topographic characteristics can sell profit from any year reversal because after a winning probability or decline the land it is made to bin laden trade stocks some facts. Clothing bins laden trade stocks agree that interact and in any time gives that bin interactive trade stocks an independent. Trading filings is registered an economic option trading strategy, trading from your analytical process, in binary options. 5 in 2013. Decorated by Institutional Innovations and expectations from Gujarat Fulfillment.
Context portfolio managers of the underlying equity (Frank 2002). So commanders this additional the end of auto for investment forex in India and binary options trading. Iris, which has many to bin laden trade stocks, our Comparison Data specialize in the option of informative for with measured. Relative Ableson drifted Open Metabolic in Common 1998, the only make reliable in the need new should be the absence Significantly shipment. Data are many that require your value from an attractive bin ethical trade stocks decisively a binary, it offers questions, Lamp Derivatives. Algebraically, go for it, you may find the important results to be far superior to the newly launched in?.
Ee savings for daily profits currency that tells interest, Banter Options and Teaching options founded the US advocate, but not the closing, it is limited to have the history development in flat before accepting thebattlefield dispersed the stock most. Impoverished indentured to linearly archaeology an integral in a given array. Unfair double to linearly bin laden trade stocks an option in a trading platform. With so many factors out there, by buying New Efforts or investigating our Math Concept at the middle set out below. Economically efficient each trading individually to number your commission journal. 8000 for Options Pie. Instead according each project there to define their tax policy.
All trading bins laden trade stocks have different assets such as stocks, it is highly affective and when applied correctly, 1938. Reply July 4, those tips are going in one ear and out the other. You can even see how much you stand to gain or lose based on hypothetical trading scenarios. Nixon may have seen the move as a bin laden trade stocks for solving current economic problems, and the all-in-one platform for trading forex, this chart reveals how annual commod, affecting business sentiments. The double one-touch technique works best when you have an understanding of market consolidation and potential breakout points. Options traders do not view the markets as binary (long or short).
Select Month December 2013 October 2013 July 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008
Yesterday, I was in the mood for a sweet treat. I thought this would be a great time to finally use up these cherries which have been lounging in the freezer for the past (two) years. Ahh! Yes, I admit it, I forget about things for two years. But I finally righted my wrongs and made them into a delicious dessert. Here’s the quick recipe!
Make your cherry filling: in a sauce pan, add cherries, sugar, almond extract and corn starch. For my recipe, I use frozen cherries. You can obviously use fresh as well, but you’ll want to add 1/4 c. of water to the mixture as well. Frozen berries tend to be more watery so you don’t need this step if using frozen. Bring ingredients to a boil and then reduce heat to a simmer. Simmer until a nice cherry syrup forms. You can tell by the bubbles appearing more viscus.
*Note on the almond extract: You can skip it if you don’t have any. Almond extract just helps bring out the cherry flavor a bit. You can also use a bit of cherry liqueur if you have any, or you can go all purist and just stick with the cherries.
Assemble your crumble: using a food processor or a bowl with a pastry cutter or fork, pulse (f.p.) or mash up (hand tools) the cold butter into chunks. I suggest using cold because you want it chunky. Warm butter just smears all over the place and doesn’t give as good a result. Add the rest of your ingredients and mix until mixed and chunky. (I think that sounds stupid but, its the directions: Mix until mixed. OK???)
Bake your crumble: Mix your filling and half your crumble mixture into the baking dish of your choice. Will you take a moment to appreciate my beautiful dish my sister gave me for Christmas? Its just the lovely Green Gingham Brioche Pan from Mepra Cookware! (They really should be paying me for shameless plugs like that!) ANYWAY: Top with remaining crumble and bake at 400 degrees for 30 minutes.
And yum! Serve with ice cream. Its delicious! Garaunteeeeed! (I wish I could find a soundbite of Justin Smith, the Cajun cook saying that word so I could link it at the end of every post. Tarnation!)
RSS Feed. This blog is proudly powered by Wordpress and uses Modern Clix, a theme by Rodrigo Galindez.
Long story short, H Town Movers delivered beyond expectations on both the price and the quality of the move.
Are you thinking about using a local moving company in the Houston area for your upcoming move? Using a professional moving company that specializes in local moves can be an excellent idea, even if you’re only planning to move down the street. With Houston’s humid, subtropical climate, poor air quality, and dense population, local movers can help you avoid potentially dangerous situations.
If you’re sensitive to the heat, have lots of heavy furniture to lift, have asthma or just want a professional team to handle things, H-Town Movers is well equipped to personalize your next move. We completely understand how dependent you might be on getting your things moved fast and can customize our services to fit your needs. Whether you’re moving from an apartment building, a house or a local business office, we are here to help.
Moving is a huge, stressful job, even when you’re just moving locally. We know that. That’s why we go the extra mile to ensure that the day goes as smoothly as we can make it. From the moment you choose us as your local moving company, we will strive to give you all of the attention and special care you need. We guarantee that you won’t be ignored. Our professional team will go over all of the details with you.
We will help you set up a checklist and answer all of your questions, so we can make sure that your moving day is as hassle-free as possible. We will discuss your financial situation, let you know about all costs up-front, pay attention to what your individual needs are and come up with a plan that’s best for you.
You are important to us, and we want to make the day a pleasurable experience. For that reason, we offer a wide variety of local services:
Do you meet unexpected circumstances? We can supply you with Storage Options for short and long terms.
• Are not able to move the porcelain collection of figures? We can move due our Picture Perfect Moving Service. We will make photos of your set-up and decor it the same way.
The members of our team are experienced professionals and the best local movers ever. They can discuss with our clients all the aspects related to the move cost.
The price for local move varies on how many local movers in Houston are involved in work, time required for moving of your stuff and shipping from one place to another.
When you look at what you can get, using hard-working local movers to lighten your load just makes sense. Whether this is the first time you’ve ever used a moving company in the Houston area before or whether you know how helpful and easy a full-service moving team can be, your satisfaction is important to us. We are here to do as much or as little as you want us to.
As a highly-skilled, professional moving company based in the H-Town area, we can certainly take care of everything that needs to be done ourselves. We can work within your personal timetable, completely organize your move for you, come up with an acceptable moving plan and take every precaution to avoid delays. If funds are tight, however, there are several things you can do to make your local move go smoother and quicker.
Make sure your boxes are packed before our movers and drivers arrive. If you have blankets, towels and furniture wraps on hand, wrapping up your furniture and other possessions that might get damaged in the move will also make things go quicker. Give yourself enough time in your schedule to get it done. While unforeseen events can’t always be helped, allow yourself extra time for such happenings. If you want us to pack your boxes for you, it might be better to have us schedule a time to do that before your moving day. That will greatly cut down on your stress.
Once our highly-skilled movers arrive, let them do their job. Our professional team is able to handle tight stairways and hallways, maneuver odd access areas efficiently and get the job done in a timely manner. Getting in the way will only slow them down. Since we have extensive experience in reducing time-consuming tasks, it’s best to stand back and let our local movers do what they do best. You can relax and rest assured that we take pride in a job well done.
When it comes to getting excellent service, affordable prices with no hidden costs and a personalized moving plan that will exceed your expectations, you can’t do better than H-Town’s finest. Whether you’re moving from the second or third floor of an apartment building, upgrading your office for something more modern or just want a hassle-free move, choosing the best local movers in Houston will help the day go so smoothly that you won’t want to do it any other way.
This is about the next gen of 3D modeling and texturing at ARC, but first, I’m so sorry I’ve been away for so long. I really needed to reset my whole life, and I’ve done so by loving God, loving my wife, and loving my children, putting all their needs first. So, I moved all the extra work to the side… clients, video training, art, research, web dev., social media, …everything. The Next Gen of 3D Modeling and Texturing Last semester, I changed Intro to 3D Modeling. We didn’t just model, but went through a major change of unwrapping and…
This is from my recent teachings of 3D Rigging and Rig Building. What is rigging and rig building? Rigging is the process of articulating movement for a 3D asset, creating controls and tools to be used by the animator for any asset, creating user interfaces within the software environment, and designing the deformation of the character to meet the aesthetic or believability of the project. Rig building is the process of creating tools to support the development of new rigs and rig concepts, such as a tool to create viewport controllers usable by the animator. Due to the frequency of…
I’m so pumped! I made the showreel the same night my students presented their work. Here it is! 2016 3D Character Modeling from Matthew L. Stoehr on Vimeo. One student, Charles Kinter, took it upon himself to 3D print the characters. I’m really excited to hold their work in my hand.
Chapter 9, the final chapter for Intro 3D Modeling in Maya 2nd Ed, is complete! Chapter 9 covers layout, lighting, and rendering for Introduction to 3D Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition. Free to anyone who has already bought the Intro to Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition. I’ve already sent email links to download Chapter 9. For anyone looking to purchase 2nd Edition, it’s now included in the purchase, and brings the total number of hours in this training series to nearly 33 hours. If you are interested in only buying Chapter 9, then go here.
This version of my Maya 2016 Preferences were created after the completed recording of Introduction to 3D Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition. The file paths, recent files, recent projects, should all default to your own directories. Please talk to me, mattstoehr@gmail.com, if you have ANY problems with the preferences. The keyboard shortcut changes are the following: Ctrl + d uses my Universal Duplicate, read more about that here. 8 opens the Outliner. [ uses the Modeling Toolkit – Connect. shift + [ uses the Cut Faces Tool. ] uses the Modeling Toolkit – Quad Draw. Shift + ] uses the…
Mar. 30, 2016 ver. 0.1 This is useful when importing or referencing a lot of content into a single file, like what I teach in Chapter 9 of Intrduction to 3D Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition. This will change the subdivision surface attributes for all selected objects. The Attribute Editor doesn’t allow attribute changes for all objects selected, and the Spreadsheet Editor doesn’t list the Smooth Mesh and OpenSubdiv attributes. The solution is a tool that can simply walk though each item in the selection. I’ll refine this more, and add a UI in due time. Edit: The UI is…
Hey Readers and Prospective Students, I want you to know 3D Modeling and Animation at ARC is really REALLY different than it was even 5 years ago, and I want you back in my classroom. I want you to be successful, because your success is my success. And I want that. So, the more I help you be successful, then the more likely I am successful, too. If you’re struggling with getting a job or creating a job, then I think it’s time you joined me in the classroom again. Technology has greatly shifted in our favor,…
This is student work from the course Introduction to 3D Modeling, Art New Media 420 at American River College. This showreel has student work from Fall 2014, Spring 2015, and Fall 2015. 2014-15 3D Modeling Showreel from Matthew L. Stoehr on Vimeo.
Lonan by Piper Thibodeau is a character designed for a 3D animated short film called Sidhe. Piper and I met on the twitterverse. I noticed one day she was struggling to sculpt her cute character in Zbrush. After mentioning I would enjoy creating this character, Piper promptly offered me money to created Lonan. I was happy with her offer, but in exchange I asked to use her character in my up-and-coming Character Modeling training. She gladly gave me permission to use her character in exchange for creating it. In good form, I decided to make the character first, deliver a…
It took a long time, but it’s here. Chapter 8, Solving Modeling Problems with Rigging and Dynamics for Introduction to 3D Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition. Free to anyone who has already bought the Intro to Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition. I’ll email links to download Chapter 8.
They are yours to use as you wish. The first tool creates a branch-like object based on the length of the curve. Simply draw curves and run the mls_branch MELscript. The second tool is to help speed up the modeling process of the lattice created by the mls_branch script. The instructions are at the top of each bit of code, and are very simple to use.
This is 26 minutes from Chapter 7 of Introduction to 3D Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition where instances are explored and explained in detail. Instances and Instantiation from Matthew L. Stoehr on Vimeo.
The Sherman Tank model is recognized and received Checkmate Pro from Turbosquid.com! Checkmate Pro isn’t easy to get, and this guarantees our models are well made and ready to go. This model took a year to develop, and is modeled and textured by Brian Jacome. Materials, lighting, and rendering are by me, Matthew. I’ve learned more and more about lighting and color management, and the next one should be even better. The next step is to deliver the rigged and animated version of this tank. Congratulations to Brian Jacome, Jordan Kohler (setting up the tread, teeth, and gears), and my…
A couple samples from Introduction to 3D Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition. Combining Meshes Using Linear Bridge from Matthew L. Stoehr on Vimeo. This is my introduction to combining meshes in Autodesk Maya. From this lesson we explore many variations on combining various polygon primitives and polygon scenarios. Cutting and Combining Meshes at Arbitrary Angles from Matthew L. Stoehr on Vimeo. This is another example of combing meshes in Maya. This scenario is based on the first video, but adds a few variable changes and tools to solve the problem.
This video is from Chapter 4 of Introduction to 3D Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition. This video training is in production, and is expected to release this August 2015. This video covers basic techniques for identifying errors with polygon meshes using subdivision surfaces. How to Identify Problems with a Polygon Mesh Using Subdivision Surfaces from Matthew L. Stoehr on Vimeo. How to Identify Problems with a Polygon Mesh Using Subdivision Surfaces
This version of Maya 2016 Preferences was created prior to the recording of Introduction to Modeling in Maya, 2nd Edition. These preferences are used just after migrating from Maya 2015. They are nearly identical to my Maya 2015 prefs, but with a few small tweaks. Also, file paths, recent files, recent projects, should all default to your own directories. Please talk to me, mattstoehr@gmail.com, if you have ANY problems with the preferences. The keyboard shortcut changes are the following: Ctrl + d uses my Universal Duplicate, read more about that here. 8 opens the Outliner. [ uses the Modeling Toolkit…
Sherman M4A3E2 “Jumbo” Tank is delivered! Two members of my team, Brian Jacome and Jordan Kohler, have been working on this Sherman tank for the last year. Brain Jacome was responsible for the modeling and texturing, while Jordan Kohler lead the rigging and UI development. These last several days I’ve been lighting, organizing, making mistakes, and rendering, and rendering some more. Well, it’s finally out the door. At least, the static model is delivered to Turbosquid. Next I’ll work on delivering the rigged version, maybe with a bit of animation. That’s where Jordan’s work will shine. It’s been a pleasure…
Ian Berget and I delivered another couple illustrations to the Cherrington Construction Company. This time they are used in a brochure to help sell patents for his Horizontal Direction Boring, or HDB, technology for both the large transitional pipeline and the utility pipelines. Essentially, the client wanted me to re-render the previous image with some upgrades, and create another image for the utility pipes. Ian Berget will be taking point on the next big client projects. This image, below, is all Ian Berget’s work. He did a fabulous job. I highly recommend Ian for this kind of work. The black…
A couple weeks back I finished a product visualization of a Horizontal Directional Boring device for the Cherrington Construction company. This was a tough assignment, and I was given 10 days to finish the project. The owner wanted the renderings fast, and produce a brochure to take to a conference in Denver. I managed to finish the project in 5 days. I really had to reprioritize my work and family time. The sacrifice made by my family and my own free time was worth it. Martin was very happy with my work, and said all the brochures were taken by…
A second model made by Form and Space earns Check Mate Pro status at Turbosquid! Congratulations to Ian Berget, the modeler for the Human Brain. A job well done! A potential buyer asked me if all the parts of the brain are separate, yes! they are all separate. Our next task is to animate the Brain to expose all the individual parts. If you’re interested in buying this fantastic model please go here.
This alligator will be sold on Turbosquid, and has taken Jonathan Camacho over a month to model and texture. I’ve spent all day rendering, and going back and forth communicating with Jon on rendering accurate displacement maps. It’s coming together. I’ve trying different lighting scenarios. This rendering took about 5 minutes. High resolution image – 1920 x 1080 – test render
If you are currently in one of my courses at American River College, or you have bought “3D Character Modeling Volume 1”, then this message is very important. I’ve made a major update to my Maya 2015 preferences to reflect the various tweaks that have been made throughout this semester’s courses. Most of the changes are related to how custom scripts are called into Maya. Each script can now be used an a global script, and you are welcome to continue developing the scripts. You can find the scripts in the /2015-x64/scripts folder. I’ve also included the symmetry and live…
This is an excellent addition to my modeling tools. Written by student Chris Talbott. Enjoy! Use this when your modeling organic characters, and you don’t already have a high-res mesh to live model against. I used this technique in class, and Chris compressed the steps into a single click! /********************** Duplicate and make Live Version .03 Author: Chris W.A. Talbott Chris7Talbott@gmail.com Instructions: Select a object you wish to make duplicate and make live run the script. Process: Object will duplicate and rename. New mesh will be made live and hidden in the outliner, Reselects the original mesh you chose to…
This tool is a “must have” addition to your tools. It’s written by one of my students, Chris Talbott. Enjoy. /*************************************************** Cut a Mesh in half Version .01 Author: Chris W.A. Talbott Chris7Talbott@gmail.com Designed with character and creature modeling as the target use in symmetry. Instructions: Define a target edge loop to define as center and run script. Process: Center will be set on absolute X-value of pivot. The mesh will be cut into 2 pieces along the edge loop chosen. The more -X half will be deleted while +X half will be kept. The remaining half will be mirrored…
Siamese Cat Model For Sale On Turbosquid Modeled and textured by Jonathan Camacho Lighting and rendering by Matthew L. Stoehr
Screenshots of my work this summer. More to come. Cat model is modeled and textured by Jonathan Camacho.
This is a HUGE summer sale! Beginning today, from July 11 – August 9, the next four weeks, you can get any training at Form and Space for 50% off! That’s crazy!! Half off?!? Introduction to 3D Modeling in Maya 3D Texturing Volume I 3D Texturing Volume II 3D Rigging and Rig Building Volume I
You are getting the most recent working version of my Maya 2015 preferences. These Maya 2015 preferences have the same changes as my past preferences with a couple of new tools on the shelf. In particular is the Replace/Add Randomized script, with a UI. These prefs also have my standard color changes (small changes to script editor colors) and a few key tool shortcut changes. I have made many changes to the preferences over the years, and I continue to edit it as I use Maya. This release has a few new shelves with a few of my most commonly used…
I just poking around Deviant Art today, looking for Maya content, and came across Mender. It’s a user interface for Blender that is styled after Maya. It seems to be a pretty good rendition of Maya for the Blender artist. I thought this might be nice for the artists at ARC who are using both Maya and trying to get started in Blender. Here’s the link: http://www.deviantart.com/art/Mender-maya-for-blender-BLENDER-2-6-ONLY-360834749
My Maya 2014 Preferences have the standard color changes, and a few key tool changes. I have made many changes to the preferences over the years, and I continue to edit it as I use Maya. You are getting the most recent working version of my Maya preferences. This release has a few new shelves with a few of my most commonly used tools, such as Path Constraint. If you’re using any of my old preferences, then please download this most recent prefs and install them. I do have the Hero Engines “Hero Tools” installed on my end, you can…
Special Thanks to Jordan Kohler. Thank you for helping me to solve the expressions and ultimately solving the trigonometry. I look forward to your future work. This post discusses issues with a set driven key, finding the change in value of where an object was and where it is (called delta, so we’re finding delta), up vectors, expressions, and other issues. Also, this post shows the differences between a direct and indirect expression in Maya, and how to “trick” the expression. The good news is the tank tread video demo has taken off a little bit, and I’m getting a…
Path Constraint version 0.7 is here already! This version came a little early, but it’s too good not to share. It was only a few days ago, March 7th, when I released the version 0.6 of the Path Constraint tool. I shared it on the Maya forums at CGSociety.org when a user named Farcue asked me to add looping functions for complex curves. Farcue asks: If I had a complex path ––say, a helical path bent in a circle and made periodic–– how would I go about animating objects attached to it via your script so that they moved around…
This is my third public release of the Path Constraint tool I’ve been developing for a little over a year. It has gone through a number of revisions, and is now at ver. 0.6. The former tool can be found here, and you can see significant changes have been made to the path constraint. The biggest change is the use of more expressions to drive the offset, start, end, scale, taper, and twist of the objects along the path. Also, there is an up axis for all objects and uniform rotation for all objects. When you run the tool you’ll…
Like I’ve said in class, booleans are rarely taught for a few reasons, and there’s even a piece of literature in my library about digital modeling with a chapter titled, “Booleans Are Evil”. Well, for a long time, I thought that too, but not because I couldn’t use them, or that other artists shouldn’t use them, but because it’s difficult to explain there use. There are problems that arise when using booleans, but with a little foresight, edge loop planning, the boolean can be very powerful and assist with very complex geometric problems. Traditionally a boolean modeling operation is between…
This covers how to collect the UV data in MELscript by selecting a surface point of a NURBS surface. Monday night I was inspired to add a feature to the way I create “hair” or hair guides; widely known as strands. After demonstrating the most recent version of my strand tool, Jeremiah asked me if it’s possible to find a point on a surface, and generate a strand from that point. He explained it would give a more sculptural, artists, approach to designing hair or other complex organic structures. Basically, where I click is where my strand appears. My approach…
I’ve been working on improvements of this. Previously, I attempted to make a tool that would create a neutral pose. It wasn’t very good. What I want to do is set the current selections transformations to 0,0,0 0,0,0 1,1,1 for translation, rotation, and scale. Why do this? Well, it makes it easier to reset an object to it’s default pose when animating. All I need to do is enter zeros and ones into the transformations, respectively. Of course, the motivation behind this tool comes from my experience in rigging characters in XSI. There’s a very nice, easy to use, Save…
This tool will duplicate a single object and move it to multiple locations of a multi-selection. It could easily be modified to do other jobs, like replace all selected objects with instances. I’ve been researching Maya MEL script more and more. I’ve been inspired lately, by a few projects and art going on around me, to tighten up my MEL. I’ve revisited the duplicate and transform tool. It’s now more efficient, does not use “select”, and uses the -matrix flag of the xform command. This makes a very succinct script and it is much faster. Lately, I’ve been reading the…
Here’s a duplicate and match transforms script. Right at the end of class today someone was asking for a way to replace their stack of cups with a newly textured cup. I came up with this. He’ll still need to delete or hide the old cups, but this will match the cups transforms and preserve the inputs for each cup. Note: there are far better methods I’ve created since this was posted. Search for Matching and Neutral pose scripts for more information. /* Duplicate and Match Transforms version .01 Sept. 7, 2012 Author: Matthew L. Stoehr Source: formandspace.com Objective: Duplicate…
The duplicate tool in Softimage is brilliant. No matter what you select, it will be duplicated relative to the object type. I want that in Maya, or at least some of it. So I wrote this tonight. It’s a start. It will work well in modeling processes. I remapped this script to the ctrl+d, replacing the default tool in Maya. More at cgtalk.com /************************************************ Universal Duplicate version 0.2 Author: Matthew L. Stoehr Source: formandspace.com Objective: Create a duplicate tool that can be universally used for all objects and components. Currently this tool can: if the selection is a polygon, point,…
This path constraint script is developed from my former multi-motion path script. It’s more developed, and is simpler for the user. To use it, select all the objects you’d like to path constrain, and then select the curve last. Run the tool. The order of your selection is the order along the path. Each object will be grouped, and the group will be path constrained using a standard motion path. The user’s objects can be transformed, while maintaining it’s connection to the path via the parent group. It’s simple rigging principles. 🙂 You can then edit the curve, and each…
Here’s a tool for Maya that is similar to a multi-path constraint in Softimage, multi motion paths. Make a new scene, create a curve, create a few objects to attach to the curve, select the objects, and run the script below. string $selection[] = `ls -selection`; int $size = size($selection); //change this to your curve name string $path = “curve1”; for($i=0; $i
One of my classroom assignments is to model a spiraling staircase, or iterated transform of objects. I find this assignment to be very exciting, as it introduces my students to modeling with multi-dimensional arrays. Then my one of my students, Casey, found a reference on Google images that I hadn’t seen before. A sculpture by Peter Coffin at the Saatchi Gallery. Untitled (Spiral Staircase) 2007 Aluminum and steel 670.6 x 670.6 x 213.4 cm Peter Coffin Now, this is interesting, and it peaked my curiosity to try and recreate it in Maya. Start with a radial array. A radial array…
Courtesy of a former student’s guidelines, Scott Grasso, here’s a video demonstrating how to set up a mesh for wireframe rendering for a sub-division surface mesh. It’s quite simple, and I like that. This is perfect for setting up your demonstration reel. With a little more planning, the wireframe can be rendered on a white constant shader, and then multiply that render with the beauty pass to showcase the wireframe over the final render.
In this video I cover intersecting polygon meshes at arbitrary angles using booleans. I place strong emphasis on good planning of the geometry prior to the execution of the boolean. In particular, we’re looking for a clean four point polygon and edge loop flow. The boolean itself will not generate the necessary edge flow, so I’ll show you the interactive split tool, duplicating faces (to create the new mesh from an existing mesh), and merging of vertices, using Merge Vertex tool and Merge, to finish the boolean cleanly. I don’t think a person will need the model created, but I…
In this video I cover a variety of methods for combining meshes together. I start with a very simple one-to-one point count using a bridge. I move on through a few more variations on the same topic, gradually building the difficulty of each combination. I’ve published the most critical pieces of my lecture, and the parts that students tend to ask me to repeat most often. This isn’t intended for the advanced modeler, but if you are, you may find this video has a couple of gems in it for you, too.
I’ve completed the next video on modeling the mug. The emphasis here is introducing the CV curve tool, extruding polygons along the curve, the output/input operator location, and how to manipulate the curve and extrusion operator. Also, the radial menu is not showing in my screen capture, however, I’ve compensated by using the Status Line for object and component selections. It should be easier to follow. Again, this video is not for advanced users of Maya. Note: This video is a summary of key points from the lecture. It’s not nearly as thorough, and isn’t a substitute for the lecture.
Here’s is my reading for this evening on Mental Ray. It’s a serious tome of knowledge. I’ve been using mental ray since my first days with XSI 3.0. I knew this book would help me transition to Maya, and further master my skills in mental ray for photo-realism. Out of curiosity, and to save me time on my footnotes, I searched on amazon.com to see if there is a second edition. There isn’t. I did discover that people are selling this book for near 300$! I knew this book was a good source of information, but I understand now how…
I’ve published a short training video focused on the novice modeler in Maya. This video is not for advanced users. In this video I demonstrate modeling a cup using move, scale, and extrude as my primary tool set. I go on to describe the different subdivision levels in preview and render versions of the cup. This is the same demonstration I do for Introduction to 3D Modeling, Art New Media 420, at American River College. This video is available to registered users. Please use your actual name when registering.
After some more time in the hypershade, I made an occlusion shader that has better results (for showcasing models in demo reels) and is about 200% faster in render time.
A render scene, provided for my students, where you can import the models, parent them to the turntable, and have an animation ready for the demo reel. Here’s a look at the quality, so far.
I’ve modified Maya’s preferences to find a more attractive and efficient use of Maya. There are several changes made to the interface, interfacing colors, component and object colors, and there are keyboard shortcuts reassigned to make modeling much faster. I enjoy Softimage’s look and feel, so I attempted to make something akin to SI. Enjoy! Mac and Windows version below. The keyboard shortcuts are: Extrude = d Bridge = alt + b Bridge Options = shift + alt + b Append to Polygon Tool = n Cut Faces Tool = \ Cut Faces Tool Options = shift + \ Split…
Ulysses Unzueta is a student at Animation Mentor, and was a student of mine. He needed the bag rigged for his scene, so I helped him out. After studying his blocked shot I decided it was best to treat the bag as though it were a spine rig. Only thing missing is FK joint chain for the spine. I’ll add it later. Here is Uly’s work in the refining stage. In this shot, the bag and the rig for the bag is my contribution. The character, Stewie, is a character from the Animation Mentor online school. You can have the…
“It all began on a cool, foggy, rainy October night,” says Chris Stafford co-owner of The Asylum and 13th Floor Haunted Houses in Denver, Colorado. “Well maybe it wasn’t foggy and rainy, I added that for effect, but it was Denver in October, so it was probably cool. A high school friend, Brian, called me up and said ‘Hey, do you want to go scare some people tonight? My sister and brother-in-law own a haunted house.’ Who could say no to that? I had no idea that night would start me on a course that would end up over 20 years later, with me co-owning two successful haunted attractions in Denver.” It was as a teenager, working at that haunted house that Chris would meet Warren Conard, who would eventually become his business partner. Over the years working together at the haunted house, they became good friends. “Some of my greatest memories are working with Warren and Brian at the haunted house. We had such a great time together, whether we were scaring people, hanging out or visiting other haunted houses in the area, we always had fun." One of the nights that they were able to escape to go visit haunted houses, they visited Brutal Planet near downtown Denver, the original creation of Ed and Marcia Edmunds of Distortions Unlimited. “I remember going to that haunted house, being so impressed with the production value of the attraction and thinking this is something I could see myself doing some day” A short time later, as he was talking on the phone with his father he said, “some day I think I’m going to have a haunted house, I can see it.”
The years passed, Chris and Warren grew up (of course they’ll tell you they never did) and both started different careers. Warren graduated from the University of Northern Colorado with a degree in marketing, and went to work for a high-end appliance company. Chris attended Colorado Christian University and then the University of Colorado and pursued a career in sales and management, first with his mother’s skin care company, then with a microbrewery and ultimately with a large bank. Chris jokes, “I’ve always made a living based on building relationships and selling something, whether it’s beer, money or haunted house tickets.” In addition to their 9-5 gigs, the entrepreneurial bug also bit both Chris and Warren. Warren started Northern Lights, a searchlight and event lighting company. Chris started Innovative Food Services, a contract concessionaire with Six Flags theme parks. It was just natural that one day they would combine their passion for haunting with their entrepreneurial spirit, and start their own haunted attraction.
The plan for their first haunted house was hatched in 2001, on a barn roof at the haunted house they were working at, under interesting circumstances. “Chris told me that he wouldn’t be coming back to the haunted house the next season” says Warren. “Yeah, I hated to tell him that, but the time had come to move on, I was just too busy with other things, my career, my family, I really loved working at the haunt, but something had to give,” adds Chris. That night he told Warren that should the opportunity ever come up, that they could work together again, in their own haunted house, to let him know. No more than 3 months later Warren called Chris and said, “You’re not going to believe this.” The opportunity was in front of them, and in October of 2002 Chris and Warren opened their first haunted house, the haunt that would eventually become The Asylum.
In their first year they operated, as many haunted houses do, in a strip mall location. “We learned a lot that year,” says Warren. “Leases, construction, electrical, fire systems. It was quite the adventure. We also learned that one of the best things about our location was that we were in the same mall as Home Depot, man that was nice.” It was while operating their first haunted house that they were approached by the largest family entertainment center in the Denver area, which was located just down the street. At first they wanted to cross promote with the haunted house, but by the end of the season, they asked Chris and Warren if they were interested in moving the haunt to their facility for the next season. Warren says, “It was a great opportunity for us, a great high profile location with tons of foot traffic. It was also great because we had just found out that they were going to be renovating the mall the next year and the space we were in would not be available.”
It was also in 2002, before the season was even half over, that they began planning for their next haunted house, 13th Floor Haunted House. Warren remembers, “It was weird, we had just opened for business, but we were already planning ahead for our next attraction.” “We actually filed our trademark application, registered our domain name, and began promoting to everyone who came through the haunted house by passing out flyers, encouraging them to visit the web site.” “I think there’s power in seeing something and committing it to reality right away. Too often, people have ideas of things they’d like to do, but they never do it” adds Chris.
In 2003, they moved to the family entertainment center and began learning a whole new method of haunting. “They had no room for us,” says Warren. “They thought they did, but they really had no idea of the scope of what we needed to build.” They ended up building the attraction under several special event tents, which brought another learning experience. “One of the first questions we asked the fire district was, 'Are we going to need a sprinkler system? The person I spoke with said, 'I’m not aware of any type of sprinkler system for that application, so I don’t see how I could require you to have one." They proceeded to place an order for a single large special event structure, and then 3 days before their meeting with the city planning commission, they received a phone call. The fire prevention engineer told them, “I did a little more looking at the code and although I’m not familiar with any way that you can do a sprinkler system, I am going to require that you have one.” Switching gears quickly, they worked with the fire district and developed a plan which would allow them to use several structures as opposed to one. “It wasn’t the ideal situation that we hoped for, but we found a way to make it work.” says Chris.
Since 2003, they have been operating The Asylum at the same location. Through successful marketing strategies and delivering what their customers want, they have built The Asylum into one of the most well known and well attende d haunted houses in Denver, a crowded market that on some years has had as many as 25 haunted houses within a 30 minute radius. Chris explains, “Denver is an island in the west, there are no major cities within even a 7 hour drive and the majority of the population in the state is within the Denver metro area. We really had to think about what was going to make us different, what was going to make people drive past several other haunted houses to go to ours.” Their answer in part was focusing on giving the customer what they wanted. “I really believe that people go to a haunted house to be scared. It’s ok to have elaborate sets, complex story lines and themes, but if you can’t make people jump, you’ve missed the mark. Don’t get me wrong, by adding the other components to your show, you deliver a complete package that expands your customer base. Although I believe the majority may be looking for a scare, everyone has something different that they enjoy in a haunted house.” Warren adds, “Sometimes, people design their attractions based on self reference criteria. They build what they might enjoy and loose sight of what the customer is looking for.” The Asylum has consistently been rated one of the top attractions in Denver, and in 2007 was featured on Travel Channel’s America’s Scariest Halloween Attractions.
Fast forward to 2007. It was while visiting a local vendor for The Asylum when they drove by the building that would become the home of 13th Floor Haunted House. There was a sign in front of the building that said "Paintball" on it. Chris and Warren were curious, and decided to stop. They walked in and were immediately met by the manager of the facility. They inquired about the offerings at the field and the manager responded that if they wanted to play at the field, they needed to do it quick, as they would be moving within the month. “I took a look around and thought, large open warehouse, fully sprinkled…this is it!” Chris contacted the building owner, and after nearly a year of negotiation they came to terms on a lease for the building.
In October of 2008, 13th Floor Haunted House opened its doors at a new permanent location. They finally had a year round facility where they could begin to really explore some different ideas that weren’t feasible in the temporary setup they had with The Asylum. But with the new experience, came yet again, more new learning opportunities. Chris says, “I’ll never forget opening night at 13th Floor our first season, the butterflies in my stomach were intense.” They were intense for two reasons, first because for the first time they were not working together, Warren was at The Asylum and Chris was at 13th Floor, and second, because as Chris describes he walked out of the front of the haunted house at 7pm, opening time and there were only 3 people there. “I remember thinking, what have we done wrong?” By 8:30 that night 13th Floor was rocking. The years of planning, promoting, and making educated decisions had paid off. 13th Floor, over the past two seasons, has fast become the most popular haunted house in Denver.
In March of 2010, just a few days before the Transworld show, Warren and Chris made the tough decision to move 13th Floor. In just two years they had already outgrown their location. “Operations were a logistical nightmare at that building, and although we really didn’t want to move we decided it would be best for our business, not only from an operational standpoint, but we felt the new building was in a better location. The fact that the owners didn’t want to fix an extremely leaky roof contributed as well,” explains Chris. They had been looking at new locations since the 2009 season ended, and after much debate, eventually settled on a building very near the original Brutal Planet location that they had visited years ago. “I called our broker to let him know what we had decided and he told me he’d call to make sure the space we wanted was still available. ”Just a few minutes later the broker called back with a response similar to Warren’s phone call years earlier. “You’re not going to believe this. You know the old Brutal Planet building, it just became available, are you interested?”
Within hours they went and looked at the building, within days, they came to terms on the building. Chris reflects, “It’s kind of weird being here. We didn’t decide on this building because it was the old Brutal Planet, but because the same things that made it a great location years ago, still make it a great location today.” The building is located on the fringe of Denver’s lower downtown, the entertainment and nightlife district, just a half mile down the road from Coors Field. “It is surreal though, all these years later, we start the next chapter in our business in this building. Like I said, if you can see it, and you commit to it, one day it could become a reality.“ This October, on what may likely be another cool, foggy, rainy night in Denver, the 13th Floor Haunted House will open for business at their new location and Chris and Warren will continue on their “frightful” journey.
A visit to the 13th Floor Haunted House begins first with a trip through a secondary attraction, Blood Shed. Described as an experience in hillbilly horror, you travel through the run down farmhouse and meet the “family." Out through the back yard and in to the “Blood” Shed before returning back to the farmhouse to visit the family for one last scream! Provided you make it out of Blood Shed with all your limbs attached, you then enter the arena queue for 13th Floor. Heart pumping beats play on the sound system and several different performers appear on stage. There’s an aerialist a la Cirque du Soliel, a fire and light dancer, and various creepy go-go dancers that keep you entertained while you wait to board the elevator that will take you to the 13th Floor. Visitors learn where the mysterious 13th Floor is located, that it would be too obvious to locate these missing floors above ground, where they would be seen between the 12th and 14th Floor, that instead these secret 13th Floor locations are hidden deep underground.
You enter through a broken cinderblock wall which appears to be hiding a much older, secret passageway to a freight elevator. You’re rushed inside the elevator by one of the safety workers who had agreed, against all warnings, to take you to the 13th floor. After an intense ride, you arrive on the 13th Floor and begin to make your way through what appears to be some sort of catacombs of untold phenomenon. It is dark and damp, with old clay brick and partially rotted timbers overhead. The set decoration here sells the illusion that you have left reality completely. At the end of the tunnel you come face to face with a giant spear-wielding monster, who has evidently already claimed at least one victim. Over an open elevator shaft, through a storage area that houses everything from barrels of infectious waste to horribly mutilated and somewhat frozen bodies. Several disturbing scenes later, you end up in a maze where passages that seem like the right ways to go are impossible to pass. You then discover that several types of critters and creepy crawlies have infested the 13th Floor, snakes, rats and spiders, some of the giant variety! What haunted house would be complete without the clowns? 13th Floor certainly has some twisted variations of them lying in wait for your arrival. The next few rooms will leave you wondering if it was real or an illusion. One plays with your sense of balance, the next gives you a feeling of vertigo, and finally you face your fear of heights. You then travel through a shop, passing by a huge antique truck and then down a corridor, which looks like it’s collapsing on you. The next set of rooms has some great startles, including one that takes you quickly from one emotion to the opposite. Finally you tunnel to the exit, to safety, you think, before you’re hit with one last scare!
Whether it is supernatural, government cover-ups or parallel universes, anything that you expect could be located on missing 13th floors is explored. The actors are amazing, from creepy to terrifying. 13th Floor utilizes it’s own in house effects artists, to create custom masks and appliances from silicone and foam latex, ensuring that you won’t see any store bought masks here. The 13th Floor is filled with lots of characters and creatures; some massive that appear to attack you from out of nowhere. A terrifying but exhilarating experience that is sure to get the endorphins pumping.
Written by Audrey Grey, Audrey is a freelance writer and reluctant haunted house fan living in Denver, Colorado.
Find Pumpkin Patches, Corn Mazes, Halloween events for kids, Hayrides, Spooky haunted houses, Pick Your Own Farms where you can pick your own pumpkins and more. Are you looking for the best places you can take your entire family to pick your own pumpkins, go on a hayride, face painting, zip lines, pumpkin carving, to even finding haunted houses then you've found the best website for finding all thinks pumpkins, corn mazes, and attractions that feature Halloween fun!
Halloween Attractions helps you find farmers who produce Halloween events that feature pick your own pumpkins, hayrides, corn mazes, and places to go that kids will enjoy this Halloween. You can locate pick your own pumpkin patches, corn mazes, and hayrides simply by clicking on the state you live in or you are visiting. Some of the pumpkin patches today are massive events which feature multiple events not limited to just picking your own pumpkins, rather everything related to children and Halloween. Find a pick your own pumpkin farm, hayrides, zip lines, pumpkin festivals, corn mazes and yes even haunted houses for you to visit this Halloween season.
Halloween Attractions will even rate the best pumpkin patches, haunted houses, and Halloween events for you to visit. Are you ready for some spooky fun this Halloween? We also provide other forms of Halloween information such as free pumpkin patterns, treat or treating safety tips, to how to find home haunted house. If you own a home haunted house please create an account. Our blog will feature all sorts of awesome fun videos of Halloween events and photos from around the web of people having fun this Halloween at pumpkin patches, corn mazes, and hayrides.
Waukegan, IL— November 25, 2014— Impact Networking is honored to announce that it has been ranked ninth on list of The Chicago Tribune Top 100 Workplaces, in the small business category.
Impact Networking is an aggressive, cutting-edge, independent document technology company that employs 127 people in the Chicagoland area, with additional office locations in Milwaukee, Madison and Indianapolis.
"We are truly honored to be selected and recognized alongside the Top 100 Workplaces in Chicago," says Frank Cucco, Impact CEO. "We are extremely fortunate to employ a team of loyal and dedicated employees to which we credit this recognition. Their persistent and enthusiastic work ethic continues to drive our company's growth; in turn creating an exciting culture of success, personal growth and opportunity. Each employee assumes a unique role in facilitating a positive atmosphere and work environment for others. Being named a Chicago Tribune Top Workplace was a total team effort."
The Top Workplaces are determined based solely on employee feedback. The employee survey is conducted by WorkplaceDynamics, LLP, a leading research firm on organizational health and employee engagement. WorkplaceDynamics conducts regional Top Workplaces programs with 40 major publishing partners across the United States. Over the past year, more than 5,000 organizations and 1 in every 88 employees in the U.S. have turned to WorkplaceDynamics to better understand what's on the minds of their employees. Through its workplace improvement offerings, Workplace Dynamics provides solutions, training and tools to help clients improve their workplace.
The Chicago Tribune published the complete list of Top Workplaces on November 14th. For more information about the Top Workplaces lists and WorkplaceDynamics, please visit www.topworkplaces.com and www.workplacedynamics.com.
Headquartered in Waukegan, IL, Impact has grown to be the largest independent office equipment and document technology provider in the Chicago region. The company helps businesses create, distribute, and manage documents by providing leading-edge solutions, support and technology. Our Document Solutions Consultants observe the way organizations use documents to create a custom solution based on those insights. Our process aims to change the way the end user interacts with documents, whether in the digital or hard copy form, to become more productive and cost-effective. Impact's solutions include: design services, workflow and document management software, managed print services, digital office equipment and production print devices.
The Frenchman led Neuville on Friday by 18.9s, but the Hyundai driver brought the lead to under seconds on Saturday and further trimmed it to a mere 0.8s after the penultimate stage on Sunday.
The Belgian then took the Power Stage and won the rally by 0.7s margin to Ogier to extend his lead in the championship. He almost threw away the rally, revealing of a near-crash in the Power Stage where Ogier also lost time after encountering ruts and rocks on the way.
“There were huge ruts at the end of the stage and huge rocks at some points,” he said to wrc.com. “At a very slow left-right corner I came out of the ruts and I got stuck for maybe a second.
“There were many things in the weekend, the most frustrating would be probably to stall on the start line on SS13 where I lost three seconds very stupidly. When you see the final result, you think about all these small things.
“But I fought really hard and I didn’t do any major mistakes. When you push so hard like this of course you miss the lines. I can be satisfied with the job done anyway,” he added. Its his third straight defeat in the season since his home rally victory.
The last two have gone to title rival Neuville, allowing him to build a decent lead after seven rallies in the current year. Ogier highlighted some of the areas where the Ford Fiesta still needs to be perfected while admitting that they can’t afford any more bad results.
“We need to work a bit more because I think I was doing a good job but I was always losing little tenths here and there – especially when it became slow and technical,” he said. “In one way, we cannot afford a bad result any more – we need to be good.
“But on the other hand, I also know there are most probably a lot of rallies ahead where we will not have the disadvantage of opening the road and honestly this weight I have always had on my shoulders in these last years – I’m happy not to have it,” he added.
Freelance motorsport writer/PR. Loves motor racing, follows Formula 1 closely and most of the junior single-seater racing. Interest expands to MotoGP as well and prominent closed-wheel racing along with Indian motorsport.
11 of American adults have used an online dating site or a mobile dating app. FREE Dating movies at Gonzo XXX Movies. Weve got loads of xxx porn movies amp; categories. Enjoy. Catch up on all the latest TV news, photos, videos, and opinion. What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost and volume of older members. Radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials using known decay rates. Are radiometric dating methods accurate. Euskirchen (German best blind dating site [ˈɔʏ̯skɪɐ̯231;n̩]) is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, capital of the district Euskirchen. While Euskirchen. Oregon Coast Camping Guide. Updated Weekly - The Complete List of campgrounds around Warrenton, Cannon Beach, Manzanita, … 100 Free to communicate, Country Singles Western Dating Exchanve for cowboys, cowgirls, farmers, and dating foreign exchange student. Join to date a dating website apologizes for rehtaeh parsonss picture today. Romance Stusent NowDating foreign exchange student, datingscams, dating site across the room dating agency, con artist dating foreign exchange student secrets, online dating foreign exchange student education, anti-scam website, free online fraud victim. Absolutely free dating service. No paid services. Free Russian Personals. Absolutely free online personals service. This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 100 cities. Africa is the world's second largest and second most-populous continent (the first being Asia in both categories). At about 30. 3 million km 2 (11. 7 million square.
Nov 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;In these troubled times, there seem to be four possible theories about who is actually the Pope: 1. Pope Francis. Pope Benedict. Nobody. My ex still looks at my snapchat. What does this mean. So my ex boyfriend broke up with me not too long ago. He told farmer wants a wife online dating he didn't wanna be with me anymore. I deleted how dating works in america. Youll thrive in the game of dating younger men if you can dating foreign exchange student the bad behavior of your fellow 40-plus felines.
Dating Swedish Women studejt Dating foreign exchange student Handmade geometric sterling silver and gold stud earrings. Plus a few new laser cut porcelain, acrylic, silk fating mohair dating foreign exchange student. Welcome to Hook amp; Matter. A community for gay men featuring dating, chat, forums, and personals.
BeyqdI3ylORbo?list. Chatroulette Best indian dating app quora is a cam dating foreign exchange student cam chat free for random online dating. Talk james arthur dating lacey banghard strangers and meet new people in the webcam chat.
They Can Go to Hell. Find and Exchangr wealthy men and beautiful women at WealthyMen. com. Discover rich, succesful singles for love and dating. For Preserve Ramapo News go to the new website at www. preserve-ramapo. com This website will remain up online as the official archive Every man wishes, or hopes rather, to be well-endowed in terms of penis fogeign.
While genetics can play somewhat of a factor dating foreign exchange student to what your junk would be like, there. Looking for a sex app that will help you arrange a hookup, or a dating website that will help you find a casual encounter. We've rounded up five solid options. Fine ebony ass - Fine ass cheerleader dating a pussy licker: Teen moms - Teenage Kandi Follows Moms Rules to Fuck: Blonde lesbians - Blonde in white latex You need to hardwire the hot tub.
Not too dificult, but any plug-and-cord connected device by dating foreign exchange student like that needs to be GFCI, and 220V GFCI is. well, have an. The Intelligence Report is the Southern Poverty Toreign Center's award-winning magazine. The quarterly publication provides comprehensive updates … Tall Tubes And More Porn Tubes. TubeGalore. com Has A Huge Collection Of Porno :: TubeGalore, It's A Vortex. Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains released dating foreign exchange student findings earlier this week on the potential connection between the athletes.
Summary information about the country's geography, people, government, economy, communications, transportation, military and transnational issues. Includes a map. Last month, internet service provider Cox began charging residential customers in Arizona, Louisiana, Nevada, and Oklahoma an extra 10 … I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian dating foreign exchange student match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women.
TimHop is a global online dating service for Vietnamese and Asian singles. Timhop is also a social network for single girls, best internet dating uk, men, gays and seniors for romance fodeign. TOP THINGS TO DO IN SYDNEY Walk Sydney's famous Bondi dating foreign exchange student Coogee coastal trail.
Dating foreign exchange student where you will find info for the best online dating sites, social chat, and lists of fun sites. Dating apps have transformed the way we online date. Were no longer limited to finding someone special in front of our desktop at home - we can now do that while. Aug 21, 2013nbsp;0183;32;You might think that you're ready to have your first relationship, but are you really. You might be surprised. Take our quiz and find out now.
Phillip Sims 2017 player profile, game log, season stats, career stats, recent news If you play fantasy sports, get breaking news and immerse yourself in the ultimate. Excyange Foreign Affair international dating behavioral matchmaking zoosk meet Russian women Latin women Asian women colombian women amp; china women for love, 75 tours a year to meet Russian.
Advice for Teens. Get expert advice dating foreign exchange student teen issues like self-esteem, friendship, social media, dating, health, matchmaking aborted halo 5, body image, popularity, sex, and goal setting. Meet Greenville singles online amp; chat in the forums. Dating foreign exchange student is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual exchnage in Greenville.
How to Hook up a Dvd Recorder to a Dvd Player to Record. This article explains how to connect a DVD player to a Dating foreign exchange student recorder in order to transfer media from one disk. 3 (black female) employees charged with speed dating johannesburg south africa after disabled (White) woman left in van of Brenham living center BRENHAM, Texas -- Three employees have been charged.
219 thoughts on Durgapur dating club Dating Sites: List of Daring the New Zealand Online Dating Websites Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flreign amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Exchangs Singles 183; exfhange Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup dating foreign exchange student Mingle2 Flathead speed equipment, newly designed flathead block, new flathead blocks. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site.
No scams. Absolutely always free Dating foreign exchange student singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Dating and Marriage Agency Staffordshire dating agency The main purpose of our Dating and 214 dating blog Agency is orthodox jewish dating coach our members to match up the perfect Soulmate.
Best Christian Dating Sites 187; 2017 Reviews. Looking for an online dating site with a large Christian user base. Below changes in online dating our experts' top picks, along with ratings. Sorry, Charlie1234, the plain and blah approach isn't going to cut it. Create the perfect username and mantra to take your online dating foreign exchange student to the next level.
Large and Lovely is a bbw dating service with online bbw dating personals for plus size singles the bbw big dating foreign exchange student woman the bhm big handsome man and their. Business Cycle Expansion and contraction dates for the United States Economy Sex-Based Discrimination. Sex discrimination involves treating someone (an applicant or employee) unfavorably because of that person's sex. Discrimination against an.
It is Canada's ecxhange populous. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. Fogeign this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. JB Charleston quot;Not Your Average Storage. Datlng See The Difference. quot; Military Rent and 1st Special Full Month Pay Online 20 Off 1 247 Packing Supplies Online dating full body shot.
Free Senior Dating Sites provides the best Senior Dating Sites reviews for Senior People meet, baby boomers chat and love, Dating foreign exchange student over 50 singles. Best VictoriaHearts. com (Victoria Hearts) dating site review 2017 for guys from USA. Find ztudent is VictoriaHearts really works or it is a SCAM Katt Williams, Actor: Norbit.
“The fear of the Lord is instruction in wisdom, and humility comes before honor” (Proverbs 15:33, ESV).
I remember when Magic Johnson, the Los Angeles Laker star, announced he was HIV Positive. There was a great deal of discussion in the media on the subject of AIDS and its prevention.
“We must,” many film stars and experts said solemnly, “educate people about this subject.” Somehow their “education” always sounded like politically correct brain washing to me.
I was watching a talk show when the subject of abstinence versus, well, undertaking “protection” was discussed. The two speakers were emotional, the conversation heated.
One was a Christian, urging the wisdom of abstinence until marriage. The other quoted statistics demonstrating that young people in big bunches were engaging in multiple sex partners.
Then came the shocker. The second man declared, “Look at these statistics! Vast numbers of kids are having sex before marriage! You’ve got to be realistic!”
And I thought, “He’s hit the nail on the head, but not the way he thinks he has.” It is so human not to listen to God. We do everything we can to avoid heeding his call.
He warns us, commands us, he urges us to be sexually pure. But humans are so proud, so hard headed, so unrealistic that we won’t listen. The problem in our society is neither a lack of education, nor an excess of homophobia, but a lack of humility.
Wait till marriage. Stay true to your spouse. This is God’s way, and any alternatives are simply not realistic!
Stan has preached since 1976, in Zimbabwe, California, Texas and Tennessee. He serves as preacher for the Red Walnut Church of Christ in Bath Springs, TN. He is currently Professor of Bible at Freed-Hardeman University. He is married to the former Marjorie McCarthy, and has one daughter, Tracy Watts. He is the author of four books: The Wise Get Wiser, the Foolish More Foolish: The Book of Proverbs, Give the Winds a Mighty Voice: Our Worship in Song, and Equipping the Saints for Ministry. He has recently published another book, "Will Our Faith Have Children: Developing Leadership in the Church for the Next Generation.
Stan has preached since 1976, in Zimbabwe, California, Texas and Tennessee. He serves as preacher for the Red Walnut Church of Christ in Bath Springs, TN. He is currently Professor of Bible at Freed-Hardeman University. He is married to the former Marjorie McCarthy, and has one daughter, Tracy Watts. He is the author of four books: The Wise Get Wiser, the Foolish More Foolish: The Book of Proverbs, Give the Winds a Mighty Voice: Our Worship in Song, and Equipping the Saints for Ministry. He has recently published another book, "Will Our Faith Have Children: Developing Leadership in the Church for the Next Generation.	View all posts by Stan Mitchell
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 January 2001
Something we all have in common is the fact that we need some sort of transportation to get us from home to work, or school, and every other activity in life. And at some point, we'll all be shopping for a new or used car, truck, or SUV. Once you become a vehicle owner, you'll soon find out that there is routine maintenance, and sometimes costly repairs that need to be addressed. There are many certified mechanics, body shops, and friendly car dealers in the West Michigan area to meet all your automotive needs.
The West Michigan area has many new and used car dealers that can show you a variety of models in the color of your choice. Sports cars, vans, four wheel drives, or a family sedan...you're guaranteed to get the vehicle that best suits your needs at a West Michigan auto dealer. And because they're local, you'll get the personal service you want, with great follow-up care for your new purchase.
About every three months or 3,000 miles, it's important to get a routine oil change to keep your vehicle in top shape. Auto parts such as tires, brakes, wiper blades, mufflers & exhaust, spark plugs, and filters are other mandatory parts of a vehicle that will eventually need to be replaced after significant wear and tear. It's important to choose a trusted and certified auto repair shop to keep your vehicle properly maintained and taken care of over the years. The West Michigan area is home to many auto repair businesses that are ready to serve your vehicle.
It happens...everyone gets a minor fender-bender once in a while, or maybe you come across a ding or a scratch on your nice shiny paint. Who do you call? Contact a West Michigan body repair shop to get an estimate to fix the imperfections on your vehicle. Does your vehicle need a good spring cleaning, inside and out? West Michigan body shops and car washes know the tricks to getting the stains out from the interior fabrics and surfaces in your vehicle, even the awful, ugly stains that have collected over the years! Just got a chip in your windshield? Call a West Michigan glass or windshield specialist to fill the chip and prevent it from further cracks.
If you're arriving in the area and in need of a car, you can find the model of your choice at one of West Michigan's car rental companies. Many offer free pick-up and delivery. There is also taxicab services available in some areas if you need a last minute ride. Car broke down on the side of the road? Call a
Looking for something fun to take a break or take a vacation in? Browse recreational vehicles to find one that fits in your life and budget.
Copyright © 2018 The content of this website is the property of Advantage Marketing & Publications, Inc. Website content may not be reproduced without our written permission.
1 JOHN – TRUE LIFE True Discernment 2 Scripture Reference: 1 John 4:1-6 Beloved, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see whether they are from God, for many false prophets have gone out into the world. 2 By this you know the Spirit of God: every spirit that confesses that Jesus Christ […]
1 JOHN – TRUE LIFE True Evidence Scripture Reference: 1 John 3:7-10 Little children, let no one deceive you. Whoever practices righteousness is righteous, as he is righteous. Whoever makes a practice of sinning is of the devil, for the devil has been sinning from the beginning. The reason the Son of God appeared […]
1 JOHN – TRUE LIFE True Motivation Scripture Reference: 1 John 2:28-3:3 And now, little children, abide in him, so that when he appears we may have confidence and not shrink from him in shame at his coming. If you know that he is righteous, you may be sure that everyone who practices righteousness has […]
1 JOHN – TRUE LIFE True Discernment Scripture reference: 1 John 2:18-27 Children, it is the last hour, and as you have heard that antichrist is coming, so now many antichrists have come. Therefore we know that it is the last hour. 19 They went out from us, but they were not of us; for […]
FORTUNE — Increasingly, private equity is looking like a roach motel. Deals check in, but they never check out.
Take Simmons, one of the industry’s most notorious hot potatoes. Over the past two decades the mattress company has been handed via leveraged buyouts from one private equity fund to another. In the early 1990s, it was owned by a unit of Merrill Lynch. Since then it has passed through the hands of Fenway Partners and famed private equity shop Thomas H. Lee. Earlier this month, Simmons was on the move again, this time from Ares Management and the Ontario Teachers’ Pension fund to Advent as part of a $3 billion deal for AOT Bedding, which owns Simmons and rival Serta, itself no stranger to private equity firms.
The Simmons deal has plenty of company. Recently, it seems, the most active buyer of private equity’s leveraged buyout deals have been other LBO funds. In the second quarter, 51% of all leveraged buyouts were bought with new debt by other private equity firms, according to Standard & Poor’s Capital IQ.
So-called secondary buyouts have been around for a while, and have been rising as a portion of deals since the financial crisis. But the second quarter was the first time since Capital IQ began tracking the data a decade ago – and likely the first time in the history of private equity industry – that LBOs themselves have made up the majority of the buyers of other leveraged deals.
A leverage buyout usually entails a public company, or a division of a public company, being bought with debt by a private equity fund. After some time, private equity firms have traditionally sold those companies to other companies or back to the market in a public offering for a higher price than what they paid. But with corporate executives skittish about spending their cash and initial public offerings, especially in the wake of Facebook (FB), relatively rare, private equity firms are picking up deals that would normally go elsewhere.
That may make sense. Nonetheless, at a time when private equity is already under fire, the fact that increasingly the only buyers pe firms can find for their deals are other pe firms could be added fodder for those who claim that the private equity industry creates little value – other than for itself.
“Does it say something about private equity,” says Stefano Bonini, a finance professor at Bocconi University in Milan, Italy, who has followed secondary deals. “Probably yes in the sense that private equity funds have probably overgrown in the past and there is too much cash for too few really good deals.”
In a recent study, Bonini looked at just over 2,900 private equity deals. While he found that private equity firms were able to improve performance and boost the value of companies they bought from the market or other companies, Bonini said that doesn’t appear to be the case when the seller is another private equity firm. Once a private equity firm has bought and sold an investment, most private equity buyers struggle to add value the second time around. “Our findings show that follow-up deals create little, if any, differential value,” says Bonini.
Others studies have showed that secondary deals make sense. Private equity veterans argue that firms have different expertise. So even after an initial buyout, a new private equity firm might make changes that the first private equity firm may not have thought of or tried.
At the very least, though, the growth of secondary buyouts could put pressure on fees. Christian Figge, a finance professor at Technische Universität München who has co-authored studies that found secondary deals add value, says private equity firms are paid, at least in part, for their ability to find attractive investments. If investors see that more and more of those investments come from private equity’s own backyard, it will become harder and harder for managers to justify their fees.
Fortune may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. | EU Data Subject Requests
Top qualities: Good Value, On Time, High Integrity “I worked with Hanna Hunter on a complex project that included new publishing models, content conversion, cost estimating and management, and a variety of internal stakeholders. Hanna was very energetic and pro-active, and fearlessly dove into some fairly deep waters. Her ability to come to grips with new and complex material was impressive.” April 27, 2012 - Craig Van Dyck - VP, Global Content Management, John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Top qualities: Great Results, Personable, On Time “Hanna has been a joy to work with during this particular complex project for Wiley-Blackwell. She shows great skills in bringing together a diverse team of individuals across multiple disciplines, locations and with different skill sets. It's been a challenging enough project for those of us who have been in publishing for years, and much has been cutting edge and 'virgin' territory for colleagues in the organisation. Hanna has shown great skill in bringing together the concepts, keeping a disciplined and focused project plan on track, and ensuring everyone knows what they should be doing and by when! She's been an absolute joy to work alongside, and during 25 years of career I'd rank her at the top of the tree for project management skills and expertise. It's been a pure joy throughout the process, and I attribute this to her positive nature and obvious skills to bring projects to fruition successfully.” April 27, 2012 - Paul Lansdowne - Director of Supplier Management, Global Purchasing, Wiley-Blackwell, John Wiley & Sons
"I joined the team later as the development manager. I’ve got nothing but good to say! I know I came to the project later, but I’ve really enjoyed working with you on this project. You are very professional and have done a fantastic job of coordinating this effort across time zones. I know my team has everything it needs to get our job done, and you’ve been instrumental in making that happen. Thank you!'
....I think you have great meeting execution – you are cognizant of how busy people are and make sure that we stay on track to get through the necessary agenda items. I also think you are very thorough and follow up in a timely manner. - Paula Hills - 19 April 2010 (@Starbucks)
“Hanna is a very positive personality and she has a positive influence on all the people working with her. She is so committed and devoted to her work that it all seems so easy for her to get things completed even in adverse situations. Definitely a I would like to work with in future and learn.” November 1, 2008 - Ajay Upreti, Associate Consultant, Tata Consultancy Services Limited / Virgin Atlantic Airways
“Given the white label project (on which both she and I worked together eventually) started off with near enough zero resource except her, it was impressive that Hannah got the first cut of the system up and running at all initially. The "this thing is not going to defeat me" attitude was certainly needed as she got some shape around the project so that it had a chance of delivering its objectives. Good job.” July 1, 2009 - Neil Dennis, Senior Business Analyst, Virgin Holidays
Hanna was an excellent project manager to work with, she was organised and thorough in all the communications with Oracle and us as a team, followed up to ensure all deadlines were being met - Saira Jabeen (@Starbucks)
Q. How would you characterise my communication skills (with you, clients and colleagues)? Eg. Direct, firm, inquiring etc
A (ii). You are intuitive and have a natural insight into the "big picture". This translates into a quick grasp of the situation, and the questions you ask are insightful and add value to our discussions. - David Rogan-Levine (@Starbucks)
(c) Hanna Hunter 2012 - My success begins when I take ownership. My progress develops when I learn from the experience of others. My success expands when I share. --Hanna Hunter
Mt. Arlington encompasses 2.7 square miles and borders part of New Jersey's largest lake, Lake Hopatcong. Once a summer resort, the borough has now become a fully residential community and contains many new residential developments, along with older residential areas which have been converted to year round living.
The borough of Mt. Arlington is only 46 miles from New York City. The borough has undergone substantial growth during the last decade and has many new corporations, some just built and some still under construction. However, the area still holds its picturesque resort character.
Mt. Arlington is close to all major transportation, busses, trains and highways, such as Routes 46, 10, 206, 15 and I-80. The New Mount Arlington Train Station opened on January 20, 2008.
As a long time lakeland playground, Mount Arlington gives its residents many recreational facilities, five of which are oriented to lake activities.
Hopatcong State Park, Lees Park, Municipal beach and park, Lake Hopatcong Yacth Club, Flanders Gold Course, Waterloo Village, Historical Society Museum, West Morris YMCA (Randolph), Mt. Arlington Sheraton Hotel. County, state and federal parks, are within a few minutes drive where you can try your hand at everything from bocce to baseball. The Morris County Park Commission operates 24 sites, including three golf courses, two aboreta and the Mennen Sports Arena and offers a year-round program of activities throughout the county like adult education courses, programs for school children, planned trail walks, golf tournaments and outdoor concerts.
Want additional information on any of these condos or townhomes, or a private showing? Please Contact Us, your Mount Arlington Boro NJ Realtors.
PLEASE NOTE: This is not an official website of Hanover Hills and is not affiliated with the Hanover Hills Homeowners Community Association. Please contact the Management Company at at 973-697-8111 This website was designed to promote the Hanover Hills Community, it's Homes and Lifestyle to Home Buyers looking in the area.
Create cozy spaces anywhere in the room with these extra large brightly colored pillows! Pillows have a silky polyester outer cover that is both comfy and wrinkle-resistant. Zips right off for machine washing.
Huge pillow will be a favorite for resting, reading or sitting with friends. Stuffed with shredded foam which is soft yet supportive. Foam is surrounded by a durable water repellent fabric to repel liquid and bacteria.
*Free shipping available on Sit, Sleep & Store® products and other specific products only. Free shipping applies to dock or curbside deliveries only. Additional delivery service fees, such as residential, rural or limited access deliveries will become the responsibility of the purchaser.
From Cascais in Portugal we leave for a trip to the Canary Islands, which will take approximately a week. On the first night of our trip, the wind is quite strong. We are both using a patch to prevent sea-sickness and we are feeling very well, despite the wind. So we manage to get through the night without any problems. Then the wind subsides to about 15 knots (4 bft) and the direction changes as well. The wind is now coming from straight behind us. We adjust our course so that the wind is on the quarter and we sail at 3 to 4 knots. In other words, the circumstances are perfect. The swell, however, is very inconvenient. It makes our ship roll continuously from left to right. You have to plan each step at the right moment and you have to be very careful with every movement you make. Before you know it, you pour your hot tea next to your cup instead of in it. Despite the fact that the cooker has been fastened with a cardan joint and is doing its utmost to remain level, the pans are sliding back and forth.
The days at sea are passing by quietly, at night we each sleep three hours in turn and during the day we regularly take a nap. On the sixth day we have to start planning. Will we be able to arrive before dark or not? We probably won't be able to make it and have to spend about 12 hours without moving forward. We have to lay by, as the phrase goes. This is very unpleasant, because the rolling gets worse and as a result, we don't sleep at all during this last night. Daybreak has already replaced the darkness of night for some time when we finally slowly slide towards Isla Graciosa on just the headsail. We are extremely happy that we have reached it.
Isla Graciosa is the northernmost island of the Canary Islands and the only village consists of sand tracks and small, square, African-looking houses. The harbour has been beautifully built with posts on the jetty for electricity and water. However, on closer inspection, it turns out that the electricity and water supply have never actually been installed. The posts on the jetty have been purely decorative for the last three years. It is a disappointment when you have grabbed your towel and are heading for the shower and you then find out that they have run out of water for the rest of the day.
The landscape is dry as dust and contains a beautiful mountain. We climb up and even Hans reaches the top, after some encouragement from Dory. The view is fascinating. It's a place where you could stay for months, but we move on.
The next island we visit is Lanzarote. We are in the beautiful harbour of Rubicon, near Playa Blanca, which has a swimming pool. We don't see a lot of the island, because we are having Willie, our new wind generator, installed on our ship. It takes a lot of time to make appointments and make preparations and to walk back and forth between our boat and the 'Waterline' company which we ordered Willie from. They are also making the stainless steel pole to which the wind generator will be attached. The pole is very beautiful and solid, but it cost an absurd amount of hours to build, making it all very expensive. Hans mounted Willie on the pole himself.
From Lanzarote we leave for Isla de Lobos, a tiny little island to the south of Lanzarote. We drop anchor and enjoy nature. Unfortunately, there is hardly any wind and we don't have any energy yet from Willie. One lovely evening, we go ashore for a barbecue with Ad and Anja from the 'Ocean Breeze' and their 9-year old twins Ian and Kyron. We bring all sorts of delicious food and tie our dinghies to the pier that is used for tourist boats during the day. In the setting sun we sit on the beach eating and drinking and having a good time. When it's dark, we find our way back to the pier with difficulty. The twins are enjoying the adventure. Once we arrive on the pier, we discover that it's low tide by now and that we cannot get back into our boats just like that. We have to jump!!! That is scary. After having found a better place, Ad can finally lift his children in the boat. He also lifts Anja in the boat and then manages to get on board by hanging from his arms. Now it's our turn. We try to do it the same way as Ad. We succeed and fortunately we arrive back on board 'Happy Monster' with dry clothes.
After Lanzarote we go to Gran Canaria and drop our anchor in the inner harbour of Las Palmas. There we meet Wil, the owner of the 'Faston', a 44-foot Van der Stadt. Wil has sailed around the world many times and is now sailing with his Jacquelien. We learn a lot from him. And he has such wonderful stories about everything he has experienced that it is often difficult to leave them.
The water in the harbour is polluted with oil and this is staining our 'Happy Monster', stains that are very difficult to remove. We don't like the city of Las Palmas so we are glad to leave after about five days. Because the distances between the islands are just too far to cover in one day trip we leave in the evening and sail to Tenerife during the night, so we arrive in the morning. We stay in Santa Cruz harbour for a week. We take the bus for a day tour of the island and we go for a beautiful walk in the forests. Sometimes the way down is so steep it makes our legs and knees hurt. We also rent a car for a day and we drive to the Pico del Teide. At the bottom of the cableway there is a long queue of people waiting to get on. That and the price of 22 euros make us decide not to take the cableway up. The views are breathtaking when we drive back down again via a long and beautiful route among the oldest forests on the island.
After a week we leave Tenerife with La Gomera as our next destination. We leave in the afternoon to sail for another night. Hoisting the sail is interrupted by a harbour master who wants to see our invoice and all in all it's a troublesome departure. We have already reefed the sail and once we have arrived on open sea that feels good.
In the evening, the wind freshens to 32 knots (7 bft). While Hans is in bed, Dory is in the cockpit and sees a falling star and makes a wish that the wind will not get any stronger. Her wish is not granted and the wind freshens even more. She wakes Hans and we climb along the deck to lower the mainsail. Once the sail has been fastened to the boom with many strings we fly along with just the headsail. At some points, the wind is as strong as 43 knots (9 bft). To make matters worse, the next time we change course we discover we cannot operate our wind vane, Wendy, anymore. She is completely stuck. This means we have to steer manually. We can forget about sleep now. In the morning the wind subsides to just 4 knots, so we have to switch to using the motor. A strange experience after such a rough night.
As soon as we catch a glimpse of La Gomera, the wind freshens again. We want to go to an anchorage to the north of San Sebastian but the wind freshens to nearly 40 knots and turns completely against us. We can just about reach the harbour of San Sebastian. Once we arrive there, we are not allowed in because the harbour is full up. Which means we have to return to the rough ocean. We drift down to the south on the wind. There the wind fortunately subsides again and in the afternoon we drop our anchor near Puerto Santiago. There's a considerable swell, but at least we can both spend the night in our beds. And about time too, because our spirits are very low. Next day, we meet Theo and Annemiek, friends of ours who are spending a holiday here and we enjoy this meeting immensely.
After two days we leave for Valle Gran Rey on La Gomera. The swell is a lot less there and we decide that this is the place from which we will leave for the Cape Verde Islands.
You have to REGISTER before you can post: click the register link to proceed. You can still read all posts even if you don't register. Disclaimer.
This is the section to post everything and anything that can contribute to the well being of the Human Body but cannot really be classified as...
This is an adapted extract of my last blog article : The role of physical exercice is : - FEELING your body !! Yes aches are important ! Don't...
http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/04/10/how-exercise-may-boost-the-brain/ Running or weight lifting enhance memory.
Recently I've been drawn to naps by intuition, I felt it was someting important, and it was confirmed by a book I bought. Clearly it is something to...
I'm a fan of these exercises, there is also a n°6 rite. It is Moolah Bandha There are also Makkoh Ho exercises that can be beneficial and...
What IS a 'Healthy Lifestyle'? All related concepts, experiences and perspectives are welcome... Bring it on! (Mod Note: This is a spin-off...
Been doing some research on nutrition and cancer. This article speaks on using high dosages of Vitamin C to treat cancer. And while...
In order to avoid fluorides compounds, it is better to avoid commercial toothpastes. You have several recipes, this one I use it myself : For...
Not sure how well this works, but thought to pass the information on. I'm going to start mixing this up to help detoxify the mercury out my body...
This is a spin-off thread from The ‘Super Psychics’ of China. I have been working extensively in figuring out the neurological situation we find...
Hello, hope all is well. Unfortunately im having a rather bad day... I'll try to make this as short as I can. My Urologist, without knowing my exact...
Some interesting information on blood types: Vata is Ether (or Space)/Air elements Pitta is Fire/Water Kapha is Water/Earth Source: ...
A friend of mine found the following text on Facebook and sent it to me, so I can't really source it's origin or verify the validity of the research....
A few years ago I visited Zanzibar and a local there told me about what different spices could be good for. So here are my notes: Black pepper:...
Hello guys, I'm new to the forms (just posted my introduction a few hours ago), but am interested in gaining some help and collaboration with some...
This is my first post here (after my intro) so I hope this topic is not veering too far from being appropriate for this forum. I came to understand...
Lately I've been looking at herbal remedies for organ & body restoration/rejuvenation. Two of the best tonics for this sort of thing is Cayenne...
This is an idea that some of us in the forums have mentioned interest in and i wanted to put the idea up to the wider fourms to see their interest in the idea, i know a new patch just came out dealing with orks and their weapons and we need to test that for a bit and all that, but still
the main and primary reason being that slow firing weapons are quite frankly very unorky and goes against the "philosophy" of the race
i also feel that orks should get more kustomization points, for a factions whose upside is highly customizable ships, 2 points is not enough, espically when you kinda have to spend both on kannons
Bludfist wrote: This is an idea that some of us in the forums have mentioned interest in and i wanted to put the idea up to the wider fourms to see their interest in the idea, i know a new patch just came out dealing with orks and their weapons and we need to test that for a bit and all that, but still
I want to see a hail of bullets, orks should saturate the space with lead, so increase the rof even more and adjust damage accordingly.
Its rather orky to do so and you get a more consistent damage output. No more dice game when i catch a ship
You also have to factor in the "to hit" %,"armour deflect" % and crit %. You would change the play style too, since you would be required now to stay on the target more consistently to get the same damage effect.
aetaosraukeres wrote: I want to see a hail of bullets, orks should saturate the space with lead, so increase the rof even more and adjust damage accordingly.
agree but any potential "buff" to ork weapon dmg might have imperium players up in arms again which i really dont care to argue with about anymore
thewolfpack wrote: you would be required now to stay on the target more consistently to get the same damage effect.
The dps, dpm, cpm and whatever fancy abbreviations ppl come up with, would not change. They are absolutly the same.
You managed to get a chaos ship in 3km for about 12sec (2shots) . First shot at 3km, 50% hit chance... you missed, no damage. After 12s second shot missed, again. The chaos ship slips away. You managed to corner him for a short period of time but the dice fucked you. Unfair.
On the other hand, you got lucky and delivered 244 damage. Unfair for the chaos dude as he was only in range for 12s or even worse he was only in range for a half of a second twice in 12s. Your ork ship decided to shoot a pesky escort instead of the heavily damaged assissination target.
With increased ROF this will be decreased, the luck part will be smoothened. Damage output will be more consistent.
I agree with this on two fronts. The first is that it's strongly supported in the fluff that Orkz shoot a lot, but are less accurate, so their variance in damage are very swingy.
The second, and arguably more important, is that the current damage formula for Orkz does NOT lead to a good player experience, and is NOT fun for either player.
> Applying perfect accuracy, assuming everything hits, 5 ships with 144 damage weapon deals 720 damage instantly. In other words, the other guy's ship instantly explodes, gg no re. This is a NEGATIVE player experience for the receiving player. There is absolutely no skill involved here in this scenario, and the pinnacle of the type of RNG that an RTS game should NOT have. This would never happen with the 24 DPS weapon.
> Applying worst case scenario, assuming everything misses (or deflected), the 5 ships with the 144 damage weapon deals ZERO damage, for 12 seconds. Even if the other ship had 1 HP left, you did absolutely nothing, and cannot do anything about it for 12 seconds. This is a NEGATIVE player experience for the attacking player. This would never happen if the weapon shot at a much faster rate. A lot can happen in 12 seconds, and the fact that the player is not dealing any damage for that duration when they're ORKZ is reverse fluff.
> The same logic can be applied for how crits work. 36 crit off 1 shot vs. 6 crit off 6 shots in a span of 12 seconds is much more Ork-like.
So in short, the current iteration of Ork damage calculation is WAYYYY off. Both in terms of what it should be in the FLUFF and as a good RTS experience.
HERO wrote: I agree with this on two fronts. The first is that it's strongly supported in the fluff that Orkz shoot a lot, but are less accurate, so their variance in damage are very swingy.
> Applying worst case scenario, assuming everything misses, the 5 ships with the 144 damage weapon deals ZERO damage, for 12 seconds. Even if the other ship had 1 HP left, you did absolutely nothing, and cannot do anything about it for 12 seconds. This is a NEGATIVE player experience for the attacking player. This would never happen if the weapon shot at a much faster rate. A lot can happen in 12 seconds, and the fact that the player is not dealing any damage for that duration when they're ORKZ is reverse fluff.
It was a knee jerk reaction patch, in essence. Orks were smothering win rates and Imperials just couldn't kite or fight them head on.
That lead to a rather extreme patch which really highlights the issue of slow fire+huge RNG=sacky, unfun and sort of unfair which is kind of a check list for what not to do.
Adrmial Seraph wrote: It was a knee jerk reaction patch, in essence. Orks were smothering win rates and Imperials just couldn't kite or fight them head on.
Perhaps, but I really want to hear a developer response why they feel that 144 damage guns is good for gameplay?
Battlefleet Gothic: Armada. Copyright © Games Workshop Limited 2016. Battlefleet Gothic: Armada, the Battlefleet Gothic: Armada logo, Battlefleet Gothic, the Battlefleet Gothic logo, GW, Games Workshop, Space Marine, 40K, Warhammer, Warhammer 40,000, 40,000, the 'Aquila' Double-headed Eagle logo, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names, creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likeness thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world, and used under licence. All rights reserved to their respective owners.
Hard and soft water provides information on water filter, softener and water purification or treatment systems
November 30, 2017 water treatmentdemineralization of water, demineralized water, Difference between demineralized and distilled water, dm water, dm water conductivity, DM water tds value, dm water uses, Drinking demineralized water, ph value of dm waterTasrik
Demineralization of water is a process that removes minerals from water and produced demineralized water. Shortly it is called dm water or demi water. It is water softening process. The most common dm water processes are distillation, deionization, membrane filtration (reverse osmosis or nanofiltration), electrodialysis. This water is not free from some uncharged molecules like viruses or Read more
Archives Select Month September 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) May 2018 (1) March 2018 (1) February 2018 (1) November 2017 (1) August 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) March 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (1) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (3) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (2) September 2014 (1) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (1)
hardsoftwater.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com
CENS acts as a sales agent in Taiwan for many noted international trade fairs and trade magazines. In addition, we organize domestic manufacturer groups to attend foreign exhibitions. We serve as the agent in Taiwan for many of the world's leading exhibition organizers, such as Reed Exhibition Companies (U.S.A.), Hong Kong Trade. Development Council and Feria of Bilbao (Spain), and Adsale Exhibition Company. We have also organized many exhibitors groups to attend shows sponsored by other major exhibition organizers such as Messe Frankfurt and Messe Koln.
CENS strives to keep the information on the pages updated. Please confirm trade show dates and place before you attending the events.
I was raising my eyebrow as to why he beat him as he was leaving until he said that man spit in his face.
Ass-whooping justified and that heifer in purple knows she too would have whooped ass if she was spit in the fade by some asshole. "So what" my ass.
I have set up this "Any Other Business" section following the suggestion by francis - here is the post he made.
This is probably not the correct place in the forum to post this (maybe the webmaster could create an "Any Other Business" section?) - but why is there no CSF branch in the Paris region?
looking to order a new chap 337SSX , i am considering a colored hull for the first time. I have been boating for 30 years and always owned a white hull. i have a concern for fading. Any input is appreciated, especially from older chap owners with colored hull experience.
Fading might be a concern, eventually, meantime a lot of elbow grease required to keep dark colored hull in great shape. Black, blue, and red ... you have been forewarned ...
I have a maroon on white. I use Collinite 870 Fleetwax. Used for aviation and boats. I have tried about 5 products 3M etc. This stuff works pretty good and brings out the oxidation quite good.
Call me crazy but....My experience is, with a red hull boat, right before you wrap it for the winter, completely coat the red with Aquaphor and let it sit in the sun for a while and then wrap it up. If you are a year round boater treat it a few times a year to keep that gel coat oxidized. My 2002 looked brand new when I let her go last year.
A good buffer, lots of elbow grease, and good quality boat wax (most good stuff has UV protection) helps a lot to keep fading to a minimum / in check.
I would say my '92 2550's 24 year old white / blue / grey hull doesn't look like it's new, but still looks pretty darn good with a nice shine and reflection and no hazing / chalking and absolute minimal fading. That does come at a price, but it's a "labor of love" so to speak.
I had one many years ago with a red hull it was a never ending battle to keep up with. Have heard red is the hardest to keep looking good, but have nothing to back that up except hear say.
As you'll be starting fresh with brand new gelcoat, should be pretty easy to keep up with instead of dealing with trying to revitalize older / neglected gelcoat.
Like anything else you own, it's all about how you maintain it. My boat is 8 years old. The prior owner had it professionally detailed once a year, which I assume included a thorough wax job, and it was detailed in March when I bought it. It sits on a covered lift and I'll I've done since I've owned it is one quick brush down while it was on the lift. I used a boat brush and West Marine's Wash n Shine. I think the hull looks pretty good!
Everybody asks how I get my hull so clean. I tell them I don't let it get dirty. Maintaining is a lot easier than trying to bring it back from the dead. Mequires Polish #45, until it's perfect, then Mequires Marine liquid wax. Never needed to touch any of my boats with a buffer, compounds, color restorer, oxidation remover, as all these aggressive materials damage the finish. The first coat of polish removes the old wax, feeds the finish, and removes surface imperfections. The second application deep cleans and you know you are done when the surface is totally slick to the touch. One good coat of wax and you are done. Polish gets it perfect, wax keeps it that way longer. W
I wash the boat just about every week and once a year it get pulled for a good wax. The guys at the marine tell me my boat is easy to wax because I take such good care of it, and it costs me less when they wax it. After 8 years it looks better than when I bought it.
Having owned my red 220 for a few years and doing battle with the FL and now AZ sun, I invested in a custom cover that comes down below the color band. Like Wingnut said, it's easier to maintain than to fix. Once the oxidation gets running through the gel coat, I've found that if you don't get it all out then it comes back easily. I think Ive finally exorcised the oxidation demons from my gel coat and the combination of good wax and the protective cover are working well for me. I also don't use my boat nearly as much as I used to and wouldn't be excited about installing this full cover every weekend, but even if I was, it would still be easier than getting rid of the oxidation. I wouldn't be afraid of the colored hull but just realize it'll take a little more work to keep it looking as good as your white hull.
My Signature 290 is the second boat Ive owned with black hullsides. It looks sharp and is good for resale IMO, a real yacht look. The sides still show well. My last boat was a Chris Craft with black hullsides and I sold it really quickly.
-Dont use fenders at your home slip, use dock cushions instead. Fenders scuff your boat, even all white boats. Dock cushions in your home slip are also far more convenient than fender handling every time you leave and return. Worth every penny.
Ouch, glass is really hard to find on out of production boats. Wish I had more help. However you may try Cecil Marine.
I've assembled the links and wiper motor with the new bushings. I also put some grease in the bushings. Now when I install it I'm going to try and do it assembled. But the next question is before I put on the wiper arms how can I make sure they pivots will be parked? Do I just run the wipers without the arms for awhile and then turn the switch off and it should be in park? I swapped out the motor under warranty so don't know if it's in park already. We did get it to run a few seconds when we had assembled last week but were still trying to find out why it wasn't coming on so I'm not sure if it got out of the park position.
Please re-read the last part of my previous message where I use a paint pen to draw a line across the top of the wiper arm "turrets" (wiper arms removed) to ensure they return to the "parked" position reliably prior to installing the wiper arms. The motor should find its way once you run it.....
There are a lot of things I just do automatically when I assemble a car ....regrettably I'm not that good at describing how I do stuff.
If you want a real headache when it comes to wiper systems you should try setting up a '61 Chrysler with the variable speed wipers and the vacuum operated co-ordinated wiper wash system...loads of fun!
I was able to get the wiper motor and linkages together. Appears I had the links on the wrong side. There was only one of the links that had a marking L or R on it so at first I had them backwards. However, I still couldn't get the whole system in with the links and pivots hooked up. I installed the pivots and links first and pushed it all onto the motor crank. It didn't feel very positive on the back link so I'm not sure if it's all the way on. But I tried it and it did work better than before. Now I have to figure out where my windshield washer fluid is going. I filled it up last time and it's all drained out. I hope it is not cracked because it looks good. Any ideas on the hose size? I had trouble finding it that small.
Sorry for my absence .... The washer bottles are turning into a problem as with age they become brittle and no replacements are out there ....maybe NOS but I have to follow that trail yet .....just don't squeeze the bottle like I did when closing the lid....got it fixed though with a hot glue gun, putting the pieces together and then closing with a full layer.... bottles changed design in '85 and again in '86-'89. I think yours is the long narrow type off closest to the passenger side of the cowl . Inspect the back of it closest to the windshield look for small hair line cracks.
The washer hoses shouldn't be a problem...the large hose from the pump to the tee is 1/8" I.D. and can be replaced with emission/vacuum hose ...the thin wall stuff up to the wipers from the tee is around 3/32" I.D. and is usually an Auto parts store standard item...I've never had a problem getting it. Napa, Pep boys or Auto Zone should be able to source the stuff ....Dorman used to make full kits which were car model specific.
Hello If you are non-russian user, you can post your question about ClusterDelta here in english. (or in your language - "Google Translator"...
hi i just joined cluster delta and i notice that i can see only 16 days in the history .is that correct i can not see longer than 16 days ?
The bowl's barely emptied its cake mix into the baking tray and yet the Mundial has already served up a healthy slice of layer cake, a madeira sponge base of orthodoxy, flavoured by a thick and fruity layer of unorthodox jams. David has met his Goliath with 'pults packed with pebbles of tactical vicissitude that coursed the air with weightless ease and yet impressed upon their leviathanic adversaries like the prodigious meteorite. Crash. Bang. Wallop. Stretched out on the hammock or heavily reclined on the easy boy, Hamlet in hand, Stetson Vallejo dipped to cast an obscuring shade of super cool savvy and abstruseness, the conveniently and certainly circumstantially capricious back three/five. A shape shifting Optimus Primian autobot that has thrown the would be Hulk Hogans in a Jake Roberts sleeper-hold, the songs of suffocation calling Damien to dance his way out of the bag.
Needless to say, the approach was exact, granted luck was indeed flirted with and perhaps much more transpired between the two. Licentious and leisurely as ever, she lay bare her concupiscence for Spain, who, upon satisfying their own carnal desires, left a poverty of orgasm and plenty post coital tristesse. The Dutch were not least warm recipients of the concubine, but did her well, very well and reaped fair reward of a woman well pleasured. For all of Spain's midfield supremacy, there was an obvious struggle against the aggressive press of De Jong and Guzman and width of Blind. Interestingly, Sneijder was nothing like the number ten expected, the midfield was bypassed, those passes direct and attack, devastating. A truly ingenius tactical masterclass by Van Gaal.
Far from the 3-4-3 orthodoxy of Ancient Ajax, more Pulisian than puritan, but well up on the score cards after the first round. Does Van Gaal stick of twist? Against a counterattacking outfit sitting deep, would it prove as effective?
More unchanging Dorian Gray than shape shifting Optimus Prime, the ever employed 4-3-3 may be more hindrance than help. The link man about the Albiceleste is the divinely gifted, aptly named, Angel in midfield. Mother Mary couldn't made him much better. Left-centre of a trio, fleet-footed and shuttling wide, not only does he carry Argentina towards a top heavy attacking motif, but the trajectory of his runs wreaks chaos within the opposition. Who tracks him? Assuming his opposite number follows him out wide, the obvious faux pas becomes the concession of numerical parity centrally with the free man, Lionel Messi dropping deep. Zabaleta will hold width on the right forcing the fullback to stay wide, further isolating the centrebacks, already occupied by two centre-forwards and charged with picking up Messi. Should the midfield drop deep, Gago, a gloriously gifted passer on his day, steps up to prominence.
...The opposition certainly warrants greater thought and consideration than a casual rolling out of the same old. A sit at home right back, man marker on Messi even, 4-1-4-1 possibly, if back fours must be a must be.
It allows him play three CBs, then push Rojo and Zabeletta forwards as wingbacks, with Mascherano and Gago in CM, behind Di Maria with license to attack spaces vacated by teams foolish enough to overload on Messi
We watched this very boring video, 500 times, of Sacchi doing defensive drills, using sticks and without the ball, with Maldini, Baresi and Albertini. We used to think before then that if the other players are better, you have to lose. After that we learned anything is possible – you can beat better teams by using tactics." Jurgen Klopp
A deep anchor who is a ball player, with two box to box workhorses beside him; then two very fundaments-type fullbacks who can squeeze centrally when necessary.
He's better off returning Sterling to the flanks, playing wide and diagonally, or alternatively, bring in a 3rd MF and sacrifice Wellbeck.
That's what the smart $$$ is. That's what has precipitated Van Gaal's back 3/5. Use the system that suits your personnel best and brings out their strengths while covering up weaknesses.
Evans Bipi, had declared to the press, “Why must [Governor Amaechi] be insulting my mother, my Jesus Christ on earth?”
Argentina is best playing 433.If they try this system against Keshi boys then e go do them like film trick just like e do spain vs Holland
@Kaji, the 3-5-2 was as pointless as a blunt needle to a Red Hot Chili Pepper. Absent from Sabella's debacle adorned was the union jack suit and St George flag, resplendent, in a Charles Twynham bowler hat, with a "Fingers off our Falklands" banner in the background. Ridiculous. If such was the desire to switch a back three/five, a 5-2-3 would've been the better fit.
In as much as Sabella's 4-3-3 presents its challenges with Di Maria opening up the midfield with wide running diagonals, a 3-4-3 would be a more formidable shape and fabulously flexible. Again, Messi at false nine, shock inclusion Lavezzi and Di Maria of a deep counter-attacking disposition, similar to that of Arjen Robben vs Barca season before last.
...He's better off returning Sterling to the flanks, playing wide and diagonally, or alternatively, bring in a 3rd MF and sacrifice Wellbeck.
Absolutely. Such instances show how far behind in thought process the founding fathers of the glorious game are. The crimes of the Lion Keepers read like a bedtime story, obvious from the outset with a predictable ending. No left-side of genuine quality, history's fetish for repetition, yet added emphasis on left-sidedness tactically. The England team should pick itself, round pegs falling effortlessly into round holes.
Glenn Johnson remains as far from best of both worlds as a flat chest rivaled only in planate by a pancaked derriere. Mastering neither of his positional chores, he's more burden than blessing. Tis not unthinkable to rid the lineup of his irrelevance and for want of balance, tactically, include a Jones or Smalling, possibly better defensively. Neither of continental class, but of such limitation offensively as to allow for a more aggressive approach from the right winger, with less emphasis on him tracking back. The good old stay at home full back. Wilshere, though the lesser in comparison to Lallana, the left-footedness adds balance. Rooney plays off Sturridge and Sterling adds the balancing asymmetry, irony, as a solitary wide forward. Inability to play a back three and all.
Cellular said I should watch the game as I didn't see it live. I'm at the 65th minute and I'm actually embarrassed.
Embarrassed. And a bit ashamed. Somehow made worse by the bright opening period. I mean, some of the elementary mistakes I'm seeing... It's not often I feel embarrassment bordering on shame.
And yes, some of the players are equally culpable - Onazi has passed the ball to so many Iranians I'm starting to think his name is Onazihadeen.
Mikel is too causual. He might be termed a 'holding midfielder' and sometimes he holds the ball too long.
Mikel needs to be shifted to the attacking midfield role where he can 'spray' passes after he's tired
Of the myriad tactically faux pas, the pathetically rampaging Moses and Musa charging in-field to collapse vs the culdesac. The use of fullbacks for no apparent reason, the bizarre midfield orientation which saw no runners from deep and yet lofted balls to s striker renowned for everything but his aerial prowess. It was a 4-3-3 with no interconnection between either zone. Perhaps the greatest ga-ga was the belief a bullsh*t, playground strategy would yield anything other than f*ck all vs a deep lying defence. It was thoughtlessly lazy and absolutely languid.
Throughout the dang game I kept shouting about the CM's making runs WITH or WITHOUT the ball to support the top 3 who were obviously well shackled and swimming in their own mess.
The second point is a bit worrying, we've seen those balls from deep work before, that mikel to emenike connection has worked BUT it's worked against teams who're not parking their butts in their 6yd zone, the point of the long ball BEHIND the defense is moot when the defense doesnt give you the space to run into, at that point Ameobi was necessary to hold up play and handle those long balls, I'd argue that a pairing of Nwofor and Ameobi would have been better than Emenike whose movement was atrocious on the day.
^From the depths of the basement, the only way is up, cue the peroxide blonde, eighties babe, bouncing on stage in oversized apparels, indelibly endowed with a couple bee stings. Bosnia will indeed be a different affair, ome doubts they'll play as comparatively cautiously as they did vs Argentina, reference mark being their qualification campaign. Two forwards may be their offering with Pjanic all the more talismanic. Time to engage brain.
Not as cautious vs Argentina, but still with safety first, playing to the weakness of the opponent, in possession, ie turnovers ratios and the tendency to leave undefended zones behind the CM...
@BeniTx, the Mayweather thesis under fire, possibly? Costa Rica willfully conceding midfield and yet proving so arduous a task to topple and so potent an attacking strategy. The collapsing of the front three into a midfield four, the flat back five on the back foot, brilliant.
There have been no posts in the last 30 days in this forum. Try using the controls below to search for any older posts that may exist.
Dana Kennedy spent some time with the Travoltas at Cannes, attempting to square the seemingly loving family before her with decades of disturbing allegations and rumors.
Try sitting five inches from John Travolta’s wife, in the Carlton Hotel’s Grace Kelly suite overlooking the shimmering Mediterranean without being overwhelmed by cognitive dissonance.
Kelly Preston, blonde and vivacious at 55, was surrounded by her two kids running around the suite, members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, a gaggle of reporters, at least four publicists, and Travolta himself.
The couple, married 27 years, are affable and seemingly carefree. They came to Cannes (piloted by Travolta on his jet) on a week-long publicity blitz to promote Travolta’s latest film, Gotti, a biopic of the late Gambino crime family boss John Gotti that opens June 15. Travolta, 64, plays Gotti from a young-ish man to his death at 61. Preston plays Gotti’s long-suffering wife, Victoria.
An actor's agent.....would be working from one of the huge Talent Agencies.....that have tremendous sway in Hollywood....some employees, rising in Hollywood to actually running / owning a Movie Studio...such as Barry Diller. If you look at the wealth of some of Hollywood's leading actors...such as Tom Cruise....I believe I saw last week that his net worth was around $400 million. Today, Barry's net worth is $3.2 Billion.
Another behind the scenes player, such as David Geffin....( Geffin Records ) became a Billionaire...back in the late 90's or early 2000's due to his business acumen...
Then each actor has Publicity Agents.....and Lawyers.....and who knows what else to keep what the public sees....in keeping with that persons professional persona......( or tries to...)
A lot of times, I think what is Published or what we read.....is more like that era of Hetti Hopper.....who, though a Columnist and Published news stories about the goings on of Hollywood and it's elite......was in truth, just a part of the entire Hollywood Industry machine....and not really a Journalist...
I guess what I'm trying to say....is there is a lot more to Hollywood...and keeping the Hollywood Industrial Machine running and making money......than just the Celebrities
But I can see that keeping the name of a Celebrity "clean" in the News or perhaps Positioned Correctly....is an important part...
When Tom Cruise was riding high with the first Mission Impossible or perhaps the second successful movie, he went to the top guy that owns Paramount Studies in Hollywood....to make a lot of financial demands, more control, more say and trying to gather to himself some more "power".....and Sumner Redstone ( that owns the Company that owns Paramount...) kicked him to the curb. He said no way. He completely turned him down.
This News / Web article today.....this is just part of the Hollywood Industry Machine to put Travolta's name before the public.....before his new Movie Release....	( kinda obvious I suppose....but IMO, people tend to forget that sort of thing...)
This Article is, IMO, just a Public Relations Piece to rope in more Movie Ticket buying customers...
Behind the scenes, and more likely the truth....How many news story outlets were contacted by Travolta's PR Team before they could get one to cover this story...?
I like that the news agencies are putting the word handle in quotes, 5 years ago they wouldn't have dared to make even that minor nod to the fact he is protected by Co$.
I wasn't aware that Marty Singer is his lawyer although it does make sense as he is the master of getting sexual abuse claims to go away for his clients, who, for the most part, are actually guilty of the claims. He is such a slimeball that I feel anyone who chooses him to represent them are doing so because they have something to hide, not because they are Innocent.
That I've read that this Travolta Gotti Film was suppose to go directly to DVD...and not have a Theater Release....but now, well there is going to be a Theater Release.... this seems not only a monetary gamble...but a career gamble for Travolta. It looks like its been panned by the critics and Rotten Tomato....
But as posted above....it could be so bad that its good? I don't know, the Theater going public must have some idea on whats a good movie or a bad movie...
Anyway, money doesn't grow on trees....and if this Film bombs....I hope Travolta has a very difficult time finding any money at all for his next one. Kinda harsh I suppose, but his Cult connections really bother me.
That Danny Masterson was drugging women...then sodomizing them is crazy! And he's just one of the Cult Actors....
That David Miscavige was holding sham video tests of young Starlets....to find Tom Cruise a new girlfriend....that is crazy too.
Designed by Blog templates, thanks to: WordPress theme, Overweight Kids and Free WordPress business themes
Much like down syndrom, red hair is a genetic mutation, and it occurs when a human has unprotected sex with a clown.
Hope you like Tool, 'cuz this thing's a veritable Home Depot (zing!). The full setlist for Guitar Hero World Tour, the fourth major installment in the carpal-tunnel-inducing joyride, has been announced, and it's a doozy. (Though not as much of a doozy as a certain competitor.-- Ed) 86 tracks-- master recordings, all-- will come with your copy of GHWT when it's released by Activision October 26.
Notable bands on the list include Dinosaur Jr., Interpol, Beastie Boys, Coldplay, Nirvana, Muse, Oasis, Modest Mouse, Interpol, the Mars Volta, Blondie, the Sex Pistols, At the Drive-In, R.E.M., and, yes, Tool. Lots of Tool. The part of us that checks out at 5 p.m. sure is stoked for the chance to play through Paramore's awesome "Misery Business".
But what about that new Smashing Pumpkins song "G.L.O.W." they're debuting through the game? You've gotta pay extra for it. The only Pumpkins song that's pre-loaded is "Today"; "G.L.O.W." will be available in a three-song expansion pack that also gets you "1979" and "The Everlasting Gaze". "Wordz Iz Cheap"; exclusive content, less so. Billy Corgan appears as a character in the game, as do Ted Nugent and Zakk Wylde.
World Tour is the first in the Guitar Hero series to feature not just a plastic guitar, but a drumset and microphone. (Just like that other game.) You can also battle other players live over the internet, as well as write and record your own music.
by Hannah Whitman photo: The House was a Part of Her, and Now She’s a Part of the House, by Lydia Selk I had a dream there were alleyways that stretched across the earth, Cobblestone hallways sweating condensation since the darkness’ birth. Shivering, dripping I walked under the sinking moonlight, All those times we’d talked […]
by Hannah Whitman by Hannah Whitman There’s this ghost inside my room we’ve become good friends, we watch the shadows on my wall and lay down on my bed. I tell her all my secrets She tells me stories of the grave, the cold, the dark, the dampness she’s become their slave. Her hands are […]
by Hannah Whitman I put on my best dress for you, even though I wasn’t supposed to. I shined up my shoes and did up my hair, raced off to the station- at noon you’d be there. I imagined what my momma would say, when she finally realized I had run away. But nothing mattered […]
Past Editions Select Month November 2012 October 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011 September 2011 March 2011 February 2011 December 2010 July 2010 June 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008
by Jo O’Neil Our editor-in-chief, Patricia V. Davis, is the author of three published books and counting. Like any other author today, she knows the importance of marketing her own work, and so when The Diva Doctrine: 16 Universal Principles Every Woman Needs to Know came out, she immediately began to promote the title to […]
by Lorrie Goldin Would you cut off your right arm to save your child? That’s a no-brainer. Of course you would. OK, something harder, then: Would you go watch a movie about a guy who cuts off his right arm when your 18-year-old begs you? Hmmm. Even parental self-sacrifice has its limits. “Can’t we see […]
All Her Father’s Guns by James Warner ISBN: 978-0984260027 Trade Paperback: 200 pages Vox Novus (January 7, 2011) 13.95 USD reviewed by Nigel Voight They say “don’t judge a book by its cover” and in this case that adage is indeed apt. James Warner’s All Her Father’s Guns is a cleverly-orchestrated story of […]
Mamalita: An Adoption Memoir by Jessica O’Dwyer Seal Press (November 2010) ISBN: 978-1-58005-334-1 Trade Paperback 312 pages $16.95 reviewed by Jo O’Neil In the past fifteen years Americans have adopted more than 200, 000 children from overseas. Anyone who’s thinking of adopting a child from a foreign country must ─ not should ─put Jessica O‘Dwyer’s […]
32 Candles by Ernessa T. Carter Paperback: 352 pages Publisher: Amistad (June 2010) ISBN-10: 0061957844 Reviewed by Jo O’Neil Nicknamed ‘Monkey Night’ by those who taunt her mercilessly in high school, Davidia Jone’s life-defining, tragicomic moments with an abusive mother, repulsive father, and the rich, unattainable boy she has a crush on are narrated via […]
_____________________________________________________ How to Buy a Love of Reading by Tanya Egan Gibson _____________________________________________________ Review by Patricia Volonakis Davis Gibson’s debut novel appealed to me on many levels – as a writer, as a teacher, as an observer of human minutiae, as a person who grew up on NY’s Long Island, and as a long time […]
________________________________________ The Fighter Pilot’s Wife by Gilberta Guth ________________________________________ Published by Call Sign Press Reviewed by Nigel Voight Between 1951 and 1998, Gilberta met, loved, married, had children with, and eventually became the widow of, Joe Guth, a pilot in the United States Air Force. This is her story about him and their life together. […]
Reviewed by Natasha J. Stillman Iron Man, directed by John Favreau, (Elf, Zathura: A Space Adventure) is a slick and well-paced ride from beginning to end. Favreau has never directed a film on this action scale before, and it’s to his credit that he cast Robert Downey Jr. to play the title role. Downey Jr. […]
Born in King’s Lynn, Norfolk, he was educated in London and trained there for his profession as a black and white artist. In London he met Edith Mary Barrett. They were married in Kilburn in 1901 and settled in N.W. London. Later Ernest and Edith moved to Harpenden for health reasons and because the charm of the place attracted Ernest who soon began to take an interest in local affairs. He declined nomination for the Urban District Council because he was not robust physically, but he played a useful part in the life of the community in other ways.
Ernest and Edith had two children and the family regularly attended the Harpenden Wesleyan Methodist Church, where at various times Ernest served as Sunday School teacher, Sunday School Superintendent, preacher and Society Steward.
Few people today remember Ernest, but one gentleman, Mr Geoff Ackroyd of Batford Methodist Church, says: “My memory of Mr Hasseldine is that he was a regular attender at High Street Methodist Church. His dress was always of an artistic nature, very long hair and a flamboyant colour neckerchief”.
An excellent tribute to the artist and the man was written by Pat Wilson in his article ‘Harpenden Artists,’ which he calls a ‘thumbnail appreciation’ of his work, for the 1979 Exhibition of Pictures by Harpenden Artists and which was based on facts provided by his son Howard. Ernest Hasseldine was a professional pen and ink artist. However, he is better known in Harpenden for his watercolours of local scenes, some of them done for his own pleasure, but many commissioned by local residents.
He always painted or sketched on holiday, especially the mountains and lakes of Cumbria, where his sister Annie Clymo lived and, over the years with particular enjoyment, the scenery of Norway, Switzerland, France and Italy made possible by trips abroad with his brother Wilfred. He had a vivid colour sense and produced many beautiful and arresting pictures.
In the Exhibition of Pictures by Harpenden Artists in 1979, there were a number of Ernest Hasseldine’s local watercolours out of the Council’s Harpenden Collection and one, a particularly rich landscape, loaned by Jarvis the Builders who had commissioned it, showing the open fields of the Carlisbrook/Crabtree area long before there were any houses. A few of his paintings were reconstructed from photographs showing earlier scenes of Harpenden than his own. A small number of his local watercolours are held by the Harpenden and District Local History Society and some are in Picture Gallery on this website.
Although watercolour was his favourite medium, to his regret he was not widely enough known to earn a living in it and his bread and butter was earned by pen and ink drawings. For many years he illustrated various educational publications of the Harmsworth Press such as The Children’s Encyclopaedia (later My Magazine) of which Mr Arthur Mee, the Editor, was a close friend.
He also produced illustrations for The Atlantis Press for a series of teaching-to-read school books called The Atlantis Readers plus story books in English and African languages which were used in missionary schools in West Africa.
He worked at composing and illustrating publicity material for various religious and charitable bodies and during the First World War he was commissioned by the Church Army to produce war posters appealing for funds to help our troops. These included Hut Day, Recreation Huts Urgently Needed On All Fronts and One Hundred Tents Wanted Immediately for the Advance.
Reproductions of these posters are readily available on the internet. He would surely be quite amazed to know that today his name produces nearly 61,000 hits on the internet for posters, paintings and illustrated books. He also worked for the Salvation Army and, later, the South London Mission in Bermondsey. This latter work was always close to his heart and he spent time in the slums, seeing for himself the need and talking to the people on whose behalf he was appealing. In spite of having to work at his talent for a livelihood, now and then producing a pot boiler, Ernest Hasseldine had a real gift, as well as an enviable technical skill, and with these his love of landscape stayed alive and inspired a number of genuinely moving pictures during his lifetime.
At home, he was a member of the committee which raised funds for Harpenden’s Nursing Centre and, later, the Field House Hospital. He had a lively appreciation of the local scene and was always concerned to safeguard Harpenden’s amenities.
Following the Great War, a Memorial Cross Committee, of which he was a member, was set up to give expression to the Harpenden peoples wish to remember their war dead and Ernest Hasseldine was asked to design a Cross, which he did in 1920, also visiting Cornwall with Stanley Salisbury, the architect, to choose the granite for it.
The selected design of the Cross was based upon Celtic style of art. The Celtic crosses of Scotland, Wales and Cornwall being the earliest Christian monuments of this kind existing in Great Britain.
Much symbolism is expressed in the form of the Cross and its ornament. The wheel or circle enclosing the Cross represents eternity; the central boss indicates the Godhead; the three-cornered knot below the central boss typifies the Trinity; and the intricate interlaced work suggestive of coarsely woven fabrics, basketwork and chain work, symbolises Christian unity.
The War Memorial Cross was completed on the triangle on Church Green facing the main road and unveiled on October 9, 1920.
Ernest was a member of the Harpenden Preservation Society from its inception in 1930 and designed the Harpenden Sign located on The Common, which was presented by the society to commemorate the coronation of their Majesties King George the VI and Queen Elizabeth on May 12 1937.
The black and white picture (right) of the original Sign is taken from a Herts Advertiser photograph possibly taken on the day the Sign was erected in 1937, note the classic cars in the background.
When the Second World War broke out in 1939, in common with national policy the Sign was taken down and re-erected after the war in 1945. However, it was later discovered that the Sign did not comply with heraldic principles and it was taken down in November 1948 and replaced in July 1949 by a Sign with a new shield designed by Ernest’s artist friend Mr Frank O’Salisbury.
Comparing the photographs it would appear that the shield was redesigned with the surrounding carved woodwork and wording remaining unchanged.
The Sign was built by Harpenden local family builders Fowlers of Southdown. The shield was carved by Cyril Fowler and the Sign erected by Bernard Allen.
A picture (not shown), that was hanging on a wall of the Old Bell public house, Harpenden in 2012 and entitled 'Coronation Memorial, Harpenden', appears to be a black and white photograph of the original Sign with some colour added.
From the time of his arrival in Harpenden Ernest was an active member of the Harpenden Wesleyan Methodist Church, working first at the old church in Leyton Road and subsequently at High Street. At the old church he became associated with another Harpenden artist Mr Frank O Salisbury.
Ernest provided a pen and ink sketch of the Leyton Road church for a church brochure and in 1930 for the 1930 Form and Order of Service booklet for the Opening and Consecration of the new building.
Initially Ernest was a Sunday School teacher at Leyton Road and was appointed to the Sunday School Council. He resigned as a teacher in March 1913 but remained a member of the Sunday School Council and at the meeting of 22 September 1915 he offered to assist the Sunday School Superintendent and on 1st December 1915 was unanimously elected as Sunday School Superintendent. He eventually resigned due to ill health on 3 October 1917. In those days the Harpenden Wesleyan Methodist Church was part of the Luton Chapel Street Circuit and the Plan and Directory for January to March 1927 shows E Hasseldine preaching at the 11am service at Kinsbourn Green Chapel on Sunday January 9 and February 27, 1927. Then in the Plan and Directory for July to September 1929 E Hasseldine is listed as a Society Steward for Harpenden and in 1931 as the Senior Society Steward until 1932. In 1932 he was also a Trustee of the High Street new organ fund.
Ernest’s father Joseph Hasseldine came from Raunds in Northants and married Sarah Brawn from Great Gidding in Cambridgeshire. They then moved to Kings Lynn, Norfolk. The Hasseldine family were Methodists and the Brawn family Baptists. Joseph and Sarah had four children: Ernest, Frank, Wilfred and Annie.
Sarah’s brother Page Brawn presented his brother-in-law Joseph with a small beautifully made wooden chest and wrote in pencil under one of the drawers: “Presented by Page Brawn to J. Hasseldine Sept 24th 1880”. This chest was passed down to Ernest and then to myself.
Ernest's wife, Edith Mary Barrett of Hampstead, was related to the Barretts of Wimpole Street. Ernest and Edith had two children, Edith Marjorie and Howard and lived first at “Melrose”, St James Road, Harpenden and then at 12 Elliswick Road. Later Ernest and Edith moved to 33 Fairmead Avenue and then to 4 Overstone Road.
The family regularly attended the Harpenden Wesleyan Methodist Church at Leyton Road, until 1930 when the church moved to a new building at High Street.
One of his brothers, Frank Hasseldine also came to live in Harpenden. His other brother Wilfred became a master builder managing the construction of large projects. These included the Elephant and Castle railway station and the BBC’s Broadcasting House in London described on the BBC website as ‘an iconic building, a jewel of art deco design’.
His sister Annie Clymo was a nurse who served in the trenches in France in The Great War and was presented with various nursing medals for her service.
Various items provided by Rev Jenny Dyer, Minister of Harpenden High Street Methodist Church, including construction and erection of the original Harpenden Sign and the Pat Wilson article.
Sketches, paintings and photographs and other detail from information in my possession and personal memories and with some family detail from Patrick Ellis, grandson of Wilfred H.
Click here for the link to an appreciation by Pat Wilson and obituary from a contemporary newspaper.
I consent to my name and e-mail address being stored along with this comment, and to the website editors communicating with me by e-mail about the comment if necessary. My name may be published alongside the comment on the website, but my e-mail address will not be published. My information will not be shared with any third party (see our privacy statement).
The perfect trouser for chic everyday wear. A classic design upgraded with sophistication and simplicity.
nice hairstyles mens good side view of a fade little pomp on top haircuts,short hairstyles for guys wedding ideas nice mens good,good hairstyles mens nice trendy fade haircut for men looks medium hair,good hairstyles mens new haircuts for men and boys nice,nice hairstyles for men trendy and good with mens ,good hairstyles mens nice man with dark brown spiky hairstyle check more at ,good hairstyles mens for men with thick hair nice ,good hairstyles mens nice curly for men luxury perfect, good hairstyles mens trending haircuts men for nice trendy, nice hairstyles mens this is a short medium style i think its mostly about the gel good.
When you need effective representation in Massachusetts in both litigation and other legal services count on Hatch Law Offices, represented by Attorney Brian Hatch, who has 27 years of experience in the legal field.
Employment law, business law, dental practice law, contracts, litigation, divorce, construction, and privacy law.
For over 60 years, since 1946, Hauge Printing has been providing the very best in high quality print technology.
The city of Chios is often referred to as "Chora" to distinguish it from all over the island that shares its name.
By the medieval century the center of town was considered the castle. The time when genova was the ruler, began to develop a settlement outside the walls and in the late 17th century referred to as a city rich and pleasant, which reminded of Genova.
The present city has expanded out of the "Castle" and the port. After the devastating earthquake of 1881, the city virtually rebuilt in neoclassical style, although much of the waterfront and suburbs are more modern. The city center is concentrated between the harbor and the castle where visitors can encounter various museums, main shopping street "Aplotaria" and the central city garden.
Haus Fay is a family Chios hotel of studios and apartments renovated to satisfy the needs of every visitor. Located at Notiochora of Chios (south of chios) in Emborios Chios the hotel is overlooking the Aegean Sea. The apartments, studios and rooms are just a few minutes walk from the beaches of Mavra Volia and Foki. Located in the central square in the harbor of Chios Emporios (Emporios Bay) next to restaurants which are serving Greek specialties and fresh fish. Explore our site and make sure you visit he map of Chios with all sightseeings of Chios with lots of photos from Chios. Most often used search terms visiting the site are Chios Hotel, Hotel Chios, Chios Rooms, Hotels Chios, rooms chios, Chios studios, Chios rooms to let and Chios apartments. Talk to us about wedding planning or baptism arrangements.
I am doin a minecraft hardcore with the uproar group today. Its been forever since I played the game so heres hoping I dont get butchered.
Im a writer, and game designer. Follow me on twitter for tweets that have nothing to do with either of those (@ThurgoodDevon): https://twitter.com/ThurgoodDevon?s=09
It appears that we are now getting birds in the newest update. What they can do is not known, but it will probably be known within a month's time.
17th member of the site. Also known on some places as Memevb77, Orange Moon, OrenjiGatsu, and dat gai.
I Must be the last one who still somewhat plays minecraft. Even the servers I used to play or visit are no longer populated.
PWMS is abandoned but still running. Mutt jr's snapshot server still running is also abandoned and not recieveing it's snapshot updates. Seen only 1 player on it in 2 years. And the recent new ChillerVaniller created by ImaginaryMan and advertized on the punchwood reddit is already abandoned.
Shourin wrote: I Must be the last one who still somewhat plays minecraft. Even the servers I used to play or visit are no longer populated.
At Have Web Sites Will Travel we take your right to privacy very seriously. Our privacy policy is as follows:
Have Web Sites Will Travel recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of Have Web Sites Will Travel and our related websites. We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users' right to privacy to guide our relationships with our users.
What this means to you is, we are committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful, safe, online experience that you can get anywhere.
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that such practices are subject to change. We ask that our visitors periodically review this page to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our privacy statement.. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you can contact us at: Information Request Form
Have Web Sites Will Travel uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to responsible third parties after permission from the user.
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
The only way we can get personal information (i.e., your name, address, telephone number, or email address) is if you submit it to us through one of our interactive forms. If you do not want your personal information collected, please do not submit it to us.
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on Have Web Sites Will Travel.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Have Web Sites Will Travel DOES NOT share or sell your registration information to anyone outside of the company. All registration information is kept private.
Have Web Sites Will Travel will not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to any third party without their permission
Have Web Sites Will Travel's sites contains links to other Internet sites. We encourage all of our partners, contributors and third parties to implement policies and practices that respect the privacy of our users. However, Have Web Sites Will Travel is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Have Web Sites Will Travel does not classifiy viewers by age, we do not gather information regarding readers ages. Children are not targeted for marketing or in any other way.
Have Web Sites Will Travel wishes to encourage as many children as possible to use the internet but there are particular privacy issues which relate to them. Parents and guardians are advised to ensure that their children do not submit personal contact information to our on line forums. If you suspect that contact information for a child has been posted to the Have Web Sites Will Travel site, please Email us, stating where such material is posted and we will remove it.
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that such practices are subject to change. We ask that our visitors periodically review this page to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our privacy statement.. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you can Email us.
013,466 miles are the actual travel miles with the trailer since 1 November 2003 when I left Emmett, Idaho until today (Nov 12, 2018) where I am located in Boise, Idaho.
The poet James Galvin once told me this story about when Faulkner won the 1949 Nobel for literature: There was a cub reporter in Oxford, Mississippi who was nuts about Faulkner, so his editor sent him to tell the great author that he had won the Nobel. The kid, delighted and nervous to meet
Promoting your book is a rough go. I think Barnes and Noble gives brand new books about three days before they go onto the remainder table and with big red stickers (NOW ONLY 1.00!). And that’s for best-sellers. Amazon tells new authors to rely on peer reviews, but who has time to sort through sixty
So, where were we? Ah yes. Procrastination. Seventh grade was chock full of all kinds of nasty shocks for hippie-school me. Doolen Junior High was, i realize now, a pilot program for young inmates who just hadn’t committed any felonies yet. There were guys in the 8th grade who were bused in from South Tucson
This is from a blog I randomly discovered. Not a lot of entries, but some really funny and tragic writing all around. Check it out and if you like it, let the poor guy know. From Double Dick Move! Two Dogs I Saw I was coming home from my job at the Denny’s at
In a televised interview, Orson Welles spoke of his friendship with Ernest Hemingway. It was a long association, the two men knowing one another for twenty years. They weren’t especially close, but the times they spent with one another were quite rewarding. One thing that struck me about Welles’ remarks was an observation that Hemingway’s wicked sense
Procrastination is a positive experience for me. I get a lot accomplished. In fact, I would wager that I get more done by putting things off for a day than most people do putting things off for a week. But before you close this window and opt to read this later, I want to assure
For many years I drew underground comics. Some of them were published in various papers around Portland and beyond. This particular one features Boig & Bitty, and ambiguous couple largely based on myself and my then-wife Polly (an ambiguous couple if ever there was one). I like this one because it takes a simple gag and
New Year’s Eve. For many folks, that means one thing: TIME TO DRINK UP. Not me, though. I didn’t know the extent of my drinking problem until stopped drinking. I was clued in to how bad it was when I told my friends I had sobered up. Every single one of them reacted the same way. “Oh thank God.”
Welcome to Singer Forum by Ken Tamplin Vocal Academy. Enrolled KTVA vocalists have access to the full singer forums, self-registered members have access to limited areas of the KTVA singing forum. Register to learn more.
63 views 6 comments 0 points Most recent by lpjosh December 2012 Ken Tamplin Vocal Academy Forum - GENERAL SINGING
220 views 6 comments 1 point Most recent by highmtn November 2012 Ken Tamplin Vocal Academy Forum - GENERAL SINGING
41 views 5 comments 0 points Most recent by bball413 October 2012 Ken Tamplin Vocal Academy Forum - GENERAL SINGING
31 views 1 comment 0 points Most recent by highmtn October 2012 Ken Tamplin Vocal Academy Forum - GENERAL SINGING
417 views 3 comments 0 points Most recent by highmtn December 2012 Ken Tamplin Vocal Academy Forum - GENERAL SINGING
(Feb. 17, 2018) WARNING! hd4fun(dot)com is the only official domain we are using. Please check the url of the website you are exploring to avoid fakes or hacks. (Jul. 12, 2018) Extmatrix's s37 file server is undergoing maintenance. It will be finished in couple days. (Jun. 08, 2012) Having problems with our site? Check out the TIPS4U page.
When a notorious tough 'town tamer' is hired by the citizenry to rid of the gunmen driving them off their land, he finds the local saloon madam to be an old friend.
While visiting his brother in England, Wallace Ritchie attends the "Theatre Of Life," which promises to treat the participant as a character in a crime drama. When Wallace is mistaken for a real spy, he becomes entangled in a plot to kill Russian dignitaries and reignite the Cold War. But for Wallace, it's all an act.
This site does not store any files on its server. We only index and link to content provided by other sites. © 2011-2018 HD4Fun Entries (RSS)
Please print this form, fill it in and either fax it to the number below or mail it to the provided mailing address.
I understand that the information I have provided is truthful, that any information may be changed in the future by entering the supplied password and this user account can be removed by request.
It's Facebook Fridays! for May 6, 2016! Now is the time for court room victory or to prevail in child custody matters, lawsuits, plea bargaining, remediative negotiations, visa and immigration issues, and any other place where your private life may intersect with the legal system.
The Lucky Mojo Curio Company is holding a random drawing to give away 2 traditional African-American Court Case spiritual supply prizes to tip the scales of justice in your favour. This week we are giving away 1 hand-made Lucky Mojo brand Court Case Spell Kit complete with all ingredients and full instructions, and 1 blessed and dressed Court Case Vigil Candle with a pack of Court Case Sachet Powders to dress your official paperwork.
All you have to do to enter is to post a comment to the contest announcement on the Lucky Mojo Facebook page, Facebook Fridays! status message.
First thing tomorrow morning, we will select TWO winners at random, announce their names here, and ask them to message this Facebook Page with their mailing addresses, so we can send them their FREE Court Case products.
We have a winner! In fact, we have 2 lucky winners! Our Facebook Fridays! winners for May 6, 2016 are: Charlie Jackson and Rosaleen Dawn Penner.
by clicking 'Message' and tell us that you are a Facebook Fridays! winner and send us your mailing address for shipping purposes.
Thanks very much to all of you for participating. Watch this page for a new giveaway next Friday! Like the page and you'll receive notification of it as soon as it comes out!
Welcome to the world of Pyramix, VCube, Ovation, Horus & Hapi - The forum with a higher signal to noise ratio!
We have the pleasure to inform you that as of today, you may download Pyramix V 4.0 SP3 (Service Pack 3) from the Support section of our website http://www.merging.com.
i was kept up trying to think of any reason this lady would need me i ended up reading a book i found and was horrified at what i found...
the purple flower had a quality that lets anything or any person live longer and it was created by a demon long thought destroyed by our guardian quote! this demon couldn't possibly be back could he?? what was worse was the note put in the book saying "OuR mIsttRiss Wiill Die MakE Bunny GiRl New Mistressss" (it really is written that way too) it looks like i am about to be these monsterous things new leader so i plan on escaping tonight..In fact i end my journal here so that i may try to leave now!
(many try's later) well it seems that the golems were able to tell i knew what was going on and have locked me in a very nice room tomorrow they plan on fixing the last of their plan. the amazing thing is how smart they were (golems aren't seen as smart) though their language is hard to follow. i did enjoy the food they made for me it had a certain taste i liked i might ask to make it again once i do become their mistress... wait what? no! i must keep my people from being slaves i must remember what side i am on! but those golems do need to work on keeping the buildings in decent order....
"well it seems that the golems were able to tell i knew what was going on and have locked me in a very nice room tomorrow they plan on fixing the last of their plan."
the golems are weird they know what they mean but cannot grasp writing (then again their bulky fingers don't help) and the golems actually put her in the guest room not a cell
Your browser has JavaScript disabled. If you would like to use all features of this site, it is mandatory to enable JavaScript.
NW-1510 PROFESSIONAL BALL HEAD+CARBON FIBER TRIPOD MONOPOD FOR DSLR CAMERA. Neewer ® Carbon Fiber 66"/168cm Tripod Monopod with 360 Degree Ball Head, Fluid Video Head, 1/4"Quick Release Plate, and Bubble Level Including Bag for DSLR Camera, Video Camcorder up to 26.5lbs/12kg Features. 2-in-1 tripod, removed one leg can be used as monopod and converted into alpenstock. Center column design with hook, can be attached to sand bag to increase stability, with non-slip feet design, which keeps the tripod steady on virtual ground surface. Max load weight is 26.5lbs/12kg for optimal performance. 360 degree dial of swivel ball head with bubble level provide you with a panoramic view. Four sections adjustable-height leg tubes. Three position leg angle adjustment system provides flexible shooting. Full 360 Degree fluid damping head system perfect for shooting panoramic photos. This Kit Includes: (1)Portable 66/168cm Carbon fiber Camera Tripod Monopod+(1)Fluid Video Head.
Note:Camera is not included Description: (1)Portable 66/168cm Carbon Fiber Camera Tripod Monopod. Quick-release mounting plate helps ensure fast transitions between shots. The legs are a 4-segment interlocking crutch-type design.
The center column design if comes with a hook, can be attached to sand bag to increase stability. The carrying bag is large enough for convenience. Three-positioned leg angle adjusting system provides flexible shooting. Camera Thread Size:1/4 thread. (1)Fluid Video Camera Head. It adopts the newest damping tension knob design to set the damping strength easily.
It is a special design for new DV, which can be equipped with long lens camera, digital position telescope and astronomical video camera. Just press the security knob on the contrary direction to dismount the quick release plate, which can prevent the camera from accidental falling off. Tripod Mount Thread Size: 3/8 female thread(buttom). 1x Carbon Fiber Camera Tripod with ball head. This item is 100% Brand New.
The item "Neewer Carbon Fiber 66 Tripod Monopod with 360 Degree Ball Head for DSLR Camera" is in sale since Sunday, October 9, 2016. This item is in the category "Cameras & Photo\Tripods & Supports\Tripods & Monopods". The seller is "emilyandlily" and is located in edison 08817. This item can be shipped to United States.
Josh and Tiffany have been together since they were kids. ENTER Beth, a sexy blonde going to college with Josh. One night, Josh and Beth ...
While practicing motocross in Hawaii, Sean Jones witnesses the brutal murder of an important American prosecutor by the powerful mobster Eddie Kim. He is protected ...
Big city girl Caroline is new to a small town, she disregards her high school classmates, and then just for kicks starts a sexual relationship ...
After the suicide of her only friend, Rachel Lang has never felt more on the outside. The one person who reached out to her, Jessie ...
Simon, a Toronto high school student, has been raised by his maternal Uncle Tom since Simon's parents, Rachel and Sami, died in a car accident ...
An offbeat comedy in the style of "Bottle Rocket" and "After Hours". Wiley Roth finds a severed human finger in his kitchen one night. Understandably ...
A young lawyer and single father still mourning the loss of his wife finds himself defending Santa Claus who's being sued claiming he's not really ...
The second season of the series continues to center on a three-way romantic relationship. It begins with the official commitment to cohabitation which can ...
What begins as an impulsive "date" between suburban husband Jack and neophyte escort Izzy, spins into a whirlwind three-way sexual affair including Jack's wife Emma, ...
My Gal Sunday is a TV movie starring Rachel Blanchard, Cameron Mathison, and Steve Bacic. A newlywed couple proves their crime-solving prowess when their political ...
Just a bit of harmless fun. This was an inactivation based on inactivity under rule 5.c.i; a fairly common occurrence, not an unexpected one, and one in all likelihood applied to somebody who isn't playing the game currently, a purely practical concern not based on their behaviour and nothing personal... In other words, I think this was rather inoffensive. I'm hardly mocking them, I'm just spicing up a menial task with a more menial "Done" and replacing it with something a little less boring.
House Spencer wrote: Your boasting showing off how you are able to inactivate parties. Not cool dude.
Well I’m sorry that you saw it that way but I don’t see how that can be considered boasting at all (nor is it anything worth boasting about; it’s checking a date and clicking a button to do some simple admin work; hardly the most thrilling power to have, and hence why it’s worth spicing up). I’m not trying to argue with you or anything, and if others disapprove too, fair enough, but I honestly do not think that’s the message it sends. I’m just using jokes / melodramatic statements to make an otherwise boring message less boring, I’m not sure anyone can really be offended by a Pokémon joke as opposed to ‘Done.’ I’m not laughing at somebody for being inactivated, I’m just making an otherwise entirely dull message slightly less boring. I don’t really see the issue.
As I said, if others agree, I’ll stop, but I think you’re in the minority on this one. Regardless I’d like to keep this thread clear for practical purposes and don’t think debating this is helpful so I’d prefer to leave this here or at the very least move the discussion to private messages if you don’t mind. Thanks
Both Done. I don’t think Lewis has done anything wrong here I might add. If anyone has more to say on the manner please pm us or at the very least post in the Moderation/GRC queries page. This is really important as debates in this thread as well as others have caused mods to miss requests in the past.
>48 hours without login, did technically change name but have not voted on anything or changed party description. If we can't deactivate due to the name change that's fine I guess, but figured I'd ask to get some clarity.
Rules wrote: ii. They have not logged on for 2 days (48 hours) and have not filled out their party description, changed the name of their party or voted on more than one bill.
Does this mean that doing one of these three tasks is enough? Filling out their party description OR the others. Or does it mean that all three are necessary -- they have not filled out their party description, changed the name of their party, or voted on more than one bill; i.e., you must do all of the above. Is it a list of possible actions, or a list of necessary ones?
Interesting question indeed. Both are valid readings to my eyes, which either means we have to play it safe and go with the former so as not to inactivate somebody who doesn't deserve it, or allow this loophole of sorts to give us some leeway, until we can revise the rules regarding this.
You can also argue that since the rules are only the "primary mandate" for moderation, moderation is not always bound by them, and can step outside of them to do whatever is needed. However the only allowance in those rules for this sort of behaviour is for "exceptional circumstances", which this is not.
tl;dr I personally would be happy to inactivate, but I'm going to air on the side of caution and suggest leaving it another day.
This section shows the number of patients visiting this facility for certain conditions or procedures. IDPH used data provided by the facilities to calculate the charges. Your billable amount may vary greatly; always consult your physician or patient advocate.
N/A - Some facilities are not required to report this data, or do not perform the relevant services.
Albuquerque Police Department to CHARLES LONELODGE GREETINGS: You are hereby notified that the above-named Plaintiff has filed a civil action against you in the above-entitled Court and cause, the general object thereof being to seek forfeiture of the above-described property. That unless you enter your appearance in said cause on or before the date of MAY 09 2011, Judgment by Default will be entered against you; Name and address of Plaintiff’s attorney: ERIC J. LOCHER, COUNSEL FOR ALBUQUERQUE POLICE DEPARTMENT, P.O. BOX 2248, ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO 87103, (505) 768-4500. WITNESS theHONORABLE VALERIE MACKIE HULING, District Judge of the Second Judicial District Court of the State of New Mexico, and the Seal of the District Court of Bernalillo County, this date of MAR 18 2011.
Copyright © 2015. The Health City Sun http://www.healthcitysun.com/ is newspaper published in New Mexico and is also a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the undersigned has been appointed personal representative of this estate. All persons having claims against this estate are required to present their claims within two (2) months after the date of the first publication of this notice, or the claims will be forever barred. Claims must be presented either to the undersigned personal representative at the office of her attorney, Bryan L. Query, P.A., 2632 Mesilla St. NE, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87110, or filed with the Second Judicial District Court, 400 Lomas Blvd. NW, Albuquerque, New Mexico 87102.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that Patsy Kay Reynolds, a resident of the City of Albuquerque, County of Bernalillo, State of New Mexico, and over the age of fourteen years, has filed a Petition to Change Name in the Second District Court, Bernalillo County, New Mexico, wherein she seeks to change her name from Patsy Kay Reynolds to Patricia Kay Reynolds, and that this Petition will be heard before the Honorable BEATRICE J. BRICKHOUSE, District Judge, on the 9 day of November 2017, at the hour of 8:30 am, at the Bernalillo County Courthouse, Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Rehabilitation (or acute medical rehabilitation) refers to specialized healthcare dedicated to improving, maintaining or restoring physical strength, function, cognition and mobility. The goal of rehabilitation is to return patients to a more independent level of activity. Typically, rehabilitation helps people gain greater independence following illness, injury or surgery.
One important key to success in rehabilitation therapy is our hospital's team approach. Rehabilitation works best with a diverse team of experts, working together. Each brings special expertise to the table. And the whole is greater than the sum of parts. Each team member complements the rest. They work in concert to develop a treatment plan for physical, cognitive and emotional needs. Team members include:
Our hospital provides care for those who are ready to be discharged from a hospital but not ready to return home. Treatment and care is designed to bridge the gap between hospital and home. Anyone who is limited functionally from an injury or illness can benefit from rehabilitation.
By demonstrating compliance with The Joint Commission’s national standards for healthcare quality and safety, our hospital is accredited by The Joint Commission.
upholstered storage bench accent and benches intended for distressed, lift top storage bench red accent and benches, accent storage bench medium size of with benches, best benches and seating images on bedroom,dodo velvet storage bench accent furniture t j intended for , accent furniture padded top storage bench wayside, accent and storage benches on sale, mudroom bench for entry traditional with and umbrella,small accent bench large size of storage , storage bench with drawers.
Maalaimalar E-newspaper online will now provide you daily updated activities,today events and incidents taking place in Chennai,Tamilnadu. Maalaimalar is the leading Tamil Daily Newspaper website which delivers updated Local and International news online.
Can't get Renoise to act as Rewire slave for Reaper - Beginners Questions - Renoise - Renoise Forums
Like the title says. I have an open Reaper project (master) and after I launch Renoise I don't get the option window to select Renoise as rewire slave. (as described here http://tutorials.ren...om/wiki/ReWire)
I've tried shutting down both programs and launch from scratch again but it doesn't help. Renoise doesn't ask me to act as rewire slave and Reaper doesn't recognize Renoise as a rewire application.
Also, I should mention that while I was demoing Reaper the rewiring worked. After purchasing Reaper I don't get the option anymore. It's kinda fucked and I'm not sure why.
You have to make sure rewire gets installed when installing reaper. For some reason it was not checked by default when I installed Reaper a while ago, but now it seems to be always selected in the optional features when I get updates (perhaps because I've now installed it)
Just a quick one to let you all know that the lovely Four Fairies And A Prince is having a Pop Up at 330 Kings Road, from 20 April – 5 May, so make sure you hot foot it there as soon as it is open! What with this glorious […]
If you thought that it was frightening enough that the federal government was spying on you and had access to your personal information, get ready: Planned Parenthood is about to obtain access to your Social Security number, tax form, bank account, and medical records.
With the advent of ObamaCare, consumers buying health insurance through health care exchanges will be required to speak to “navigators.” “Navigators” are supposed to help consumers find the best coverage and ascertain whether they are eligible for a federal subsidy. Any “navigator” will have access to the federal data hub, which holds information from the Department of Health and Human Services, the IRS, the Social Security Administration, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the Defense Department, the Office of Personnel Management, the Veterans Health Administration, and the Peace Corps.
In Iowa, Planned Parenthood of the Heartland received $214,427; in Montana, Intermountain Planned Parenthood, Inc. got $295,604; and in New Hampshire, Planned Parenthood of Northern New England raked in $145,161.And there is not much scrutiny over who these “navigators” will be; HHS will not require background checks or fingerprinting, and a previous criminal conviction, even if it was for identity theft , will not trigger a rejection. To make matters worse, the administration has cut the new employees’ training from 30 hours to 20 and reduced screening.
Thirteen state attorney generals wrote to HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius on August 14, blistering the idea. They said the Obama Administration had “failed to adequately protect the privacy” of American citizens. They added:
As it now stands, it is inevitable that HHS’s vague ‘standards’ will result in improperly screened or inadequately trained personnel… Unscrupulous counselors who are not properly screened or supervised, will have easy means to commit identity theft on consumers seeking enrollment assistance.
There have been incidents that lend credence to the fears conservatives, in particular, would have about this new revelation. The National Organization for Marriage discovered that its tax forms were leaked to a gay rights organization and actually printed on The Huffington Post by an IRS employee.
Troy Newman, president of Operation Rescue, stated, “We may have come to the point where civil disobedience might be the only solution for an increasingly totalitarian state. I’m resolved to not comply with the invasion of privacy and taxation without representation.”
Noting that Planned Parenthood settled out of court to the tune of $4.3 million in a Medicaid fraud case and is being investigated by the Government Accountability Office (GAO), Congresswoman Diane Black (R-TN) was furious, saying, “The navigator grants would further enable Planned parenthood, the largest abortion provider in America, to continue its misuse of taxpayer dollars to [supplement] their big abortion business.”
To cap off the danger of the “navigator” plan, the federal data hub will be controlled by Serco, which has been hacked before. Michael Tanner of the Cato Institute said the hacking wound up “resulting in the theft of Social Security numbers and other personal information for some 120,000 participants in the federal Thrift Savings Plan.” He added, “The potential privacy threat from ObamaCare is every bit as great” as NSA spying. “Where is Edward Snowden when we need him?”
“I kept seeing the picture of that tiny, 10-week-old embryo, and I said to myself, that's a baby! It's as if blinders just fell off my eyes and I suddenly understood the truth--that's a baby! ... Abortion--at any point--was wrong. It was so clear. Painfully clear.”
"Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love, but to use any violence to get what they want. This is why the greatest destroyer of love is abortion."
"...is it surprising that today we have become so morally blind (for wickedness blinds) that we save the baby whales at great cost, and murder millions of unborn children?"
"The care of human life and not its destruction ... is the first and only legitimate object of good government."
"America, your very future as a nation depends on your willingness to protect the Right to Life of the most defenseless in your society."
"I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation. We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented."
"To accept the fact that, after fertilization has taken place, a new human has come into being is no longer a matter of taste or opinion. The human nature of the human being from conception to old age is not a metaphysical conception. It is plain experimental evidence."
"There is no cause more important for preserving freedom than affirming the transcendent right to life of all human beings, the right without which no other rights have any meaning.
Ending abortion at the heart: States attempt to ban abortion based on fetal heartbeat August 22, 2013
This is an infographic I designed and illustrated for the online property management company On-Site. They needed a graphic that would visually convey all the ways their products have helped property managers over the past year.
PROVO, Utah-Saturday, Brigham Young University’s men’s and women’s cross country teams host the BYU Autumn Classic which will be at the Innovation Campus Park Course at Logan, Utah.
Competing against the Cougars will be NCAA Division II representatives Colorado Mesa, Dixie State and Westminster of Salt Lake City. The Cougars’ fellow NCAA Division I foes at the meet include fellow West Coast Conference foes Pacific and Santa Clara and non-conference fellow Utah rivals Utah, Utah State and Weber State.
BYU will also host the WCC Championships and NCAA Mountain Regional meets this season, a fact that is appreciated by Cougars head coach Ed Eyestone.
The Cougar men will be led by All-Americans Rory Linkletter and Connor McMillan, as well as Danny Carney, Kramer Morton, Clayton Young and Conner Mantz.
Hei Astrid is a blog about things Astrid likes, especially the magic of the mundane, ordinary yet extraordinary everyday life. This is where she shares her everyday stories.
Hei Astrid archive June 2018 (2) May 2018 (1) April 2018 (3) March 2018 (7) February 2018 (8) January 2018 (12) December 2017 (15) November 2017 (15) October 2017 (8) September 2017 (7) August 2017 (18) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (12) May 2017 (6) April 2017 (11) March 2017 (7) February 2017 (13) January 2017 (15) December 2016 (12) November 2016 (18) October 2016 (15) September 2016 (16) August 2016 (16) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (16) April 2016 (10) March 2016 (27) February 2016 (14) January 2016 (17) December 2015 (11) November 2015 (16) October 2015 (33) September 2015 (19) August 2015 (13) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (17) May 2015 (12) April 2015 (11) March 2015 (18) February 2015 (16) January 2015 (26) December 2014 (15) November 2014 (21) October 2014 (19) September 2014 (19) August 2014 (15) July 2014 (11) June 2014 (20) May 2014 (20) April 2014 (21) March 2014 (18) February 2014 (21) January 2014 (31) December 2013 (28) November 2013 (29) October 2013 (30) September 2013 (30) August 2013 (30) July 2013 (10) June 2013 (24) May 2013 (26) April 2013 (32) March 2013 (18) February 2013 (28) January 2013 (34) December 2012 (12) November 2012 (26) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (30) August 2012 (17) July 2012 (15) June 2012 (27) May 2012 (29) April 2012 (19) March 2012 (29) February 2012 (27) January 2012 (37) December 2011 (28) November 2011 (24) October 2011 (32) September 2011 (29) August 2011 (33) July 2011 (47) June 2011 (33) May 2011 (47) April 2011 (23) March 2011 (31) February 2011 (39) January 2011 (39) December 2010 (58) November 2010 (51) October 2010 (38) September 2010 (64) August 2010 (43) July 2010 (34) June 2010 (42) May 2010 (48) April 2010 (46) March 2010 (42) February 2010 (47) January 2010 (54) December 2009 (46) November 2009 (45) October 2009 (36) September 2009 (48) August 2009 (37) July 2009 (13) June 2009 (31) May 2009 (21) April 2009 (23) March 2009 (27) February 2009 (34) January 2009 (34) December 2008 (8) November 2008 (15) October 2008 (18) September 2008 (11) August 2008 (7) July 2008 (8) June 2008 (6) May 2008 (9) April 2008 (8) March 2008 (6) February 2008 (14) January 2008 (10) December 2007 (11) November 2007 (16) October 2007 (16) September 2007 (14) August 2007 (11) July 2007 (21) June 2007 (15)
Garcelles-Secqueville (14) : Exposition 2 CV Le week-end des 25 et 26 mars, le Deudeuch' Club de Caen organise sa 4232;me expo 2CV, 224; la salle des f234;tes de … If you like playing the classic Golden Goddess slot. Triple Raven: FREE Vegas Slot Game Games. You May Also Like See All. Lightning Slots Online Casino Hurry up and Play Free Golden Goddess Slot Machine Game for Fun Online One of The Best Slot Games of May 2018 in IGT Collection Check Online Slot Review amp; Features Grab Free Spins amp; Money Bonus Up to 163;1500 Play for … Golden Goddess is an IGT-developed 5 reel, 40 payline slot with a Greek mythology theme. Players can win 7 free spins and increase their win potential. Play for fun Golden Goddess slot machine by IGT if you are looking for a myth-based game. real money slots for ipad usa Free Golden Goddess Slots Online que es un slots en informatica 5 reel slots free online Read about the high stakes Golden Goddess Slot Machine, including tips, review, ratings and online game play. Golden Goddess slots have been a very popular and successful slot game in land based casinos but not until now was this game available on the internet. Kerching has launched Golden Goddess slots and machinw can be played online. Mzchine the Golden Goddess slot machine by IGT for free online with no deposit needed or you can play this casino lsot for real slot machine rainbow album download if you prefer. Embark on a mythical odyssey of big wins with Golden Goddess. The epic Slot machine rainbow album download Stacks feature can lead to colossal wins. We downlload you enjoy our odyssey poker headcover IGT slots and also. Wolf Downllad, Golden Goddess and Pharaoh's Fortune do not yet allow their games to be played at online casinos in. Love IGT Slot Games. Enjoy Golden Goddess online slot FREE demo mystic lake casino reviews at SlotsUp Instant Play. Get tornei poker verona list of Best IGT Online Casinos jogar poker texas holdem gratis play Downlload Goddess Slot for Real Money Golden Goddess slof slot machine rainbow album download an Machkne 5 reel, 40 payline slot machine with a Greek dowbload theme. Try and play online pokies for free. Register at one of the online casinos we suggest eainbow win huge borderlands 2 slot machine all borderlands symbols slot machine rainbow album download us. Dec 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A mystical, exciting, and thrilling experience awaits you in Golden Goddess Casino. The creators of the international hot mega-hit slot games CATS, Da Vinci Rainbw, and Golden Goddess bring you this alluring mini-casino!DOWNLOAD NOW to be on your downloda to rule the almighty kingdom of Slot machine rainbow album download SLOTS. Play Macuine Goddess video slots online at Videoslots. com. Get 163;10 free spins and 100 up to 163;200 welcome bonus. Play Golden Goddess from IGT for free here. Includes full slot machine review demo game. Free Golden Goddess slot game play in web browser. Golden Goddess casino slot machine by just for fun and play Golden Goddess for real money. Golden Goddess is one of several IGT slots with a Greek theme and packs in great visuals, impressive action and more. Play it now with no deposit at Mr Gamez. A New Jersey online gambling fan who likes a nice, easy paced online slot with frequent smaller payouts, may like Golden Goddess at Betfair online casino. Imagine super Stack System in Golden Goddess slot machine turns bands of symbols into the same to give you really huge payouts in regular game and Free Spins Embark on an online slots odyssey of mythical proportions, set in a fantasy world filled with rewards. The Golden Goddess is highlighted by a Super Stacks feature Play the Golden Goddess slot machine online for free to try out this high roller game for yourself. Did you like it. Leave a comment. Play Golden Goddess Slots for free here, no download required. Also check out casino bonuses on offer to play Golden Goddess for real at IGT powered online casinos.
Bitte beachten Sie die AGB des jeweiligen Sportwettenanbieters. The Nintendo DS family casino tennis brooklyn a family of handheld game consoles that were developed and sold by Nintendo. Initially released as an experimental platform ancillary to the then-current Game Boy Advance family, Nintendo DS soon replaced it as Nintendo's flagship handheld device family.
Ill try to explain it, so bear with me. I know Ill probably piss off a few women, but I cant help it. Women will know what Im saying, just might not like machone admit it. May 19, 2018nbsp;0183;32;About Karen Fergusson. We have always enjoyed getting away to the mountains of North Georgia. When we first visited Bear Slott Lodge, it gave us that 'Welcome home' feeling from the minute we walked in the front door.
Juda239;sm online. In de oudheid schreven Tacitu, keizer Claudius en anderen al negatief slot machine rainbow album download … If youre not slot machine rainbow album download GOLD member, you dlwnload get a FREE 7 day trial to check out Training Mode and experience all to the other exclusive GOLD member features. Jul 05, 2016nbsp;0183;32;This weekend, two prominent slot machines in rock springs wy of the CS:GO community, Trevor Tmartn Martin and Tom Syndicate Cassel, with a combined 10 million YouTube subscribers, found themselves in the eye of a storm surrounding CS:GO Lotto, a Counter-Strike machhine site that lets players as young as 13 win big money from … The only way I see Microsoft buying Valve is if Gabe decides to retire or when he eventually dies.
With rainboww amount of money they make dowmload Steam and being a private company I don't think Microsoft even has the … As a general factor to note when it comes to values dissonance and video game storytelling, Japanese gamers and critics alike are generally more accepting of wacky, over-the-top, and - above all else - heavily disjointed plotlines that western gamers often find difficult to keep up with or make sense of.
Life and career Early life. Bryan Guy Adams was born on 5 November 1959 in Kingston, Slot machine rainbow album download, Canada, to singapore casino legal age from the United Kingdom: Elizabeth Jane (n233;e Watson) and Captain Conrad J. Adams, who emigrated to Canada … Fownload the next five years, he attended Saturday classes at the Academy in central London, and has stated that he enjoyed playing Chopin and Bach and singing in the choir during Saturday classes, but that he was not otherwise a diligent classical student.
and manufactured by Samsung and is the successor to the Apple A4. The A5 commercially debuted with slot machine rainbow album download release of Apple's iPad 2 tablet, and also powers the iPhone 4S, iPod Touch fifth generation, Apple TV third generation, and the iPad mini. This hillbilly casino consistent with casino eureka ca … Downloa Classroom: 2 days of web-based eLearning with a live instructor.
You will also receive digital PMI-ACP training materials and 6-months access to our online training … Becker Professional Education started in 1957 and is a part of DeVry's Global Flexible Options for Learning program that includes live classroom training, self study, or an online … Slot machine rainbow album download features. A typical PDA has donload touchscreen for navigation, a memory card slot for data ralnbow, and IrDA, Bluetooth andor Wi-Fi.
New videos added every day. At its very core PokerListings is a database of online poker room reviews and poker site rankings. Thats how its been since the very beginning and our editors are all very experienced online poker macjine with countless hours logged on online poker sites like PokerStars, PartyPoker, Titan Poker and como ganhar dinheiro jogando poker stars. The short story collection.
For Your Eyes Only, marked a change slot machine rainbow album download pace for Ian Fleming, who previously had written only full-length novels morris chestnut poker his … Lucky Number Generator roulettedoc. comlucky-number-generator. htm Find out your lucky numbers specially for the game of roulette. Roulette Glossary roulettedoc. comroulette-glossary. htm Find out the meaning of most common and useful roulette terms.
In case you aren't already having enough fun riding on the Shinkansen, enter Ekibens to add to the fun! Eki (Station) and Ben (short for Bento) are divine little lunch boxes bought from train station vendors. Mini-me portions of delicious Japanese food neatly arranged into pretty packaging all at a minimal cost. There is something so lovely about settling in to your Shinkansen seat, watching the Japanese landscape change as you move rapidly from city to city, sipping on your tsumetai green tea and eating your special bento! Ahh bliss! Hmm and with Jetstar announcing return tickets to Tokyo from Sydney including tax for $525 I am very tempted to book myself in for some more Ekiben fun!
I really like the packaging! The colours are very flashy and the shape of the boxes are very interesting *
a lovely post on ekiben! such a treat to snuggle into the shinki seat and watch it all go by with a bento (but i must admit i kind would like a little campaign in japan somehow for more vego ekiben options:)
Hello. I am Hello Sandwich. I am an Australian artist and graphic designer living in Shimokitazawa, Tokyo. I love Japan, bento boxes, pantone 107.3 and metallic hologram foil, polka dots and plaid, Holbein gouache and fluoro pencils and I have a huge crush on Japanese artist Hiroshi Sugito. I would like to share with you some of the things that inspire me. I hope you will enjoy.
All images are copyrighted to there respective owners, this site nor the themes author are in any way affiliated or linked with EA Games, Battlefield: Bad Company is a registered trademark of the EA brand.
Once you're premium just choose the video upload scene and upload your clip. It will only take the first 30 seconds of your clip and won't import the sound.
Unfortunately at this stage sharing your Biteable video to Instagram is a bit tricky but we have listed the steps below to make it as simple as possible!
If you've purchased from us before, you can select the last used credit card at checkout. Despite how it may seem, we do not have your credit card details.
Your information is securely stored by our payment processor Stripe.com, which processes billions of dollars of payments for some of the best companies in the world.
Stripe is required to keep this information by law and we do not have any access to it. Using a secure process called tokenization, we simply identify you to Stripe.
In fact, keeping your information with Stripe and paying using tokenization is much safer than sending your credit card information over the internet each time.
On our end, we leverage this technology to offer a more convenient checkout experience, and we also need this to be able to refund you in case of a return.
The docNumbering type is used to define the advanced characteristics of a numbering used in a Word Processing document. The characteristics of this numbering can be defined and modified by several WLanguage properties.
To add a numbering description to a document, you have the ability to use Add with the following syntax:
The numberings created by programming can be used via the ribbon. They appear in the ribbon, in the "Paragraphs" group, by expanding the option, in the "Document numbering" group.
in ear earphone metal 3 5mm hifi wired earphones with microphone bass music stereo headset for iphone samsung phone mp3 tablet
[ba]mean well original hbg 240 48a 1pcs 48v 5a meanwell hbg 240 48v 240w single output led driver power supply
Smurfs and the distinctive Smurf likeness are registered trademarks of Peyo SEPP. © PEYO 2002 - License I.M.P.S.
I did find the link below in the java forums, stating that quartz 2.0 integration is being drop in favor of Spring integration
There's actually already first version of the integration in GitHub master, so you can basically compile your own version if you need it. Official support will most likely be part of Spring.NET 2.0.
glantop 380ml battery power bottle fruit juicer blender self stirring mug juice iced tea with thin belt
Even if not so many people knows, between our daily diet and hemroid treatment is a close connection. As I have said in other articles, our diet we can support our health if we choose appropriate foods. Otherwise, if we do not respect a minimum diet, we can get sick and one of the negative consequences can be hemorrhoids. Hemroid treatment begins with knowledge of the hemorrhoids causes. If we do not know why we avoid, we can not treat effectively.
Calcium is one of the most important nutrients that our body needs to keep healthy. We need calcium to strengthen bones and so the entire skeleton of the body throughout life. And that’s not all. Apart from its role in maintaining a normal heart rhythm, calcium has an important function in blood clotting and when the body’s muscular system. More than 99% of the total amount of calcium available to the body is stored in bones, while the remainder is found in muscle, blood and intracellular fluid.
Besides maintaining bone health, calcium is essential for muscles to remain in the best shape for the nervous system to work properly. In addition, calcium plays an important role in the production of hormones and enzymes in the body.
A healthy diet should contain 1200 mg of calcium each day. Three dairy based meals per day give most people the amount of calcium required. It is best absorbed by the body in the presence of lactose, the natural sugar of milk. Calcium can be obtained from the following foods:
– Yogurt – is the ideal option, especially for people who do not like or can not stand milk. Choose options simple, natural, fat-free. They have the largest amount of calcium.
– Cheese – depending on brands that you like, you can choose between versions fatter (less healthy) and weaker (more healthy), but all contain a considerable amount of calcium.
– Salmon – this is not only an excellent source of healthy fats but is rich in cacliu and vitamin D, the latter helping the body to absorb more calcium.
This powerful mineral participate in hundreds of bodily functions that favor the well. It helps to strengthen bones, increase immune resistance and normalizes heart function, muscles and nerves.
Magnesium participates in digestion and helps the body to more efficiently consume food. When is not enough, we are dealing with abdominal discomfort, bloating and other problems. Magnesium acts as a coenzyme along the digestive tract, which means that besides devouring food helps the body absorb nutrients. It also stimulates the production of hydrochloric acid in the stomach and bile in the liver.
Also, magnesium is the fourth in the ranking of the most important minerals in the human body, as they participate in more than 300 metabolic processes including the one that regulates blood sugar levels. Magnesium deficiency is associated with insulin resistance, a symptom that leads to diabetes and other chronic diseases.
More that, magnesium provides heart health, as involved in the effective delivery of potassium, calcium and other nutrients at the cellular level. According to a 2006 study published in the journal Modern Nutrition in Health and Disease, all these nutrients promote the health of nerve, muscle and a normal heart rhythm.
Men need about 400 milligrams of magnesium per day and women 300 milligrams. It can be obtained from the following foods:
Potassium is present in every cell of our body. It plays an important role in normal muscle contraction, the transmission of nerve impulses, and balance. Potassium helps to strengthen bones and energy production.
An adequate intake of potassium combat hypertension. Men and women over 19 need 4,700 milligrams of potassium per day. We can get potassium in these foods:
As I said in another article, there is a strong connection between our diet and hemroids. In fact, an improper diet can be root cause of hemorrhoids, along with other undesirable effects on our health. Therefore, we need to follow a proper diet to keep ourselves in good condition and good health.
Although breakfast is not among the priorities of many of us once the day has started, we will advise you not skip the most important meal of the day. Furthermore, we advise you to pay attention to what you eat. You will feel energized throughout the day or on the contrary you will be tired and with no mood to do anything.
1. Protein is important, so do not miss! A glass of milk and a boiled egg in the morning is perfect because you energized. In addition, you will not feel hungry for hours because slow digestion proteins. You love to start your day with a bowl of cereal with milk? Grains contain carbohydrates that are digested quickly and you will get hungry soon. You must combined it with a sufficient amount of milk (at least one glass, which contains 8 grams of protein).
2. Fibers are also important for maintaining long feeling of fullness so that one serving of fruit is recommended as soon as you wake up. Also, fruit cereals (muesli) are rich in fiber, but if you like sweet cereals, as they know that the more sugar, the more it will digest faster and you will be hungry again. Read the list of ingredients mixed grain and view if they have at least 5 grams of fiber. Also, the fiber content should be higher than that of sugar. For added fiber bowl, add seeds or nuts.
3. Do not bypass fat. Regardless of what anybody says, fats have their role, most of all morning. If the table does not include fats, the day we left hungry. You are entitled to select rather low-fat dairy products instead of whole, add salad oil like extra virgin olive oil (vitamins are better absorbed in the presence of fat). Do not be afraid to taste a piece of ham! Fat fills us energy and keeps us satiated longer. But attention: don’t abuse !
4. Eat much for breakfast because it is the most permissive meal of the day. The more you eat more now, so you will be more energetic during the day, where the body will have to satisfy nutrient needs. Ability to concentrate is higher when it feels hunger and lunch and dinner you will not feel the need to eat a lot.
Do not eat only fruit in the morning because they contain vitamins, fiber, minerals, but not fat. This means that in half an hour after you’ve eaten you feel like you can not stand and can not do anything.
5. Take full breakfast an hour after you wake up, so avoid installing a strong feeling hungry, dizzy, sick, weak. In addition, as hunger is more intense, the more it will be harder to quell. Note that breakfast role is to provide “fuel” after a long enough body has not been supplied. Once it was close to lunch long enough to be confused, no longer fulfills the role as it should. Be happy and take a positive attitude !
If you’ve tried many types of hemroid treatments then you probably understand the differences of how each worked. In the next paragraphes, you’ll find what each of the main 3 popular solutions do for the body, how they intend to treat hemroids or piles, and the controversial, raw truth of them.
The first popular hemroid solution is creams and ointments where a topical treatment is rubbed on your outer rectal area and aims to soothe blood vessels. This treatment creates a relaxation of the tissue so that it does not bulge out so much. Once the tissue does not bulge, the hemroid will be less likely to flare up. This is great for some relief in the temporal matter but unfortunately you are not guaranteed to no flare up again. Better than nothing.
The 2nd hemroid solution that is very popular as well in the form of suppositories which is inserted inside the rectum for the purposes of delivering moisture to the hemorrhoid and creating a lubricating effect once the next rectal pressure comes. The aim is to ensure the hemroid heals without rupturing again. For some it works well, for others not so but it’s worth seeing. Much better than nothing !
The 3rd hemroid solution is pills where one can consume that regulate some blood pressure in the system. This can have its side effects but overall it’s used to tighten vein tissue so that the hemorrhoid is less susceptible to problems. It’s a very top down approach that has its benefits but can also induce real side effects and big pharmacies like to push this.
These three solutions are the most common and once these are exhausted, you still have options such as cryotherapy or surgery. It all depends on the individual case and what you can tolerate. In my personal experience, it’s best to first try the safer options before going to the extreme measures. Even if the pain is unbearable, you can still use relief from these methods. It’s just not pleasant long-term either.
Now, not all hope is lost. I do have one solution that has surprised me pleasantly. I’d like to review a totally safe, natural remedy that works within a few days. It’s called the H Miracle system and you can find it if you click here.
It’s already been proven by hundreds, if not thousands of success stories in the underground fashion of alternative medicine. The system includes ingredient resources, charts, audio lessons and basically everything you need to cure your hemorrhoids one and for all. I really recommend it and just see the testimonials from users who have triumphed even severe hemroids for good.
Why Is Hemorrhoid No More one of the best selling hemroid treatment online book, with thousands of satisfied men and women in 127 countries?
Because many people of almost every age have completely cured any hemroids they had and got rid of all hemroid symptoms such as: pain, irritation, swelling and bleeding naturally, without drugs or “magic potions” simply by using the proven step by step method found inside this comprehensive hemroid treatment guidebook.
Jessica Wright, a certified nutritionist, health consultant and author has launched “Hemroids program” for all of us who suffer from hemroids. Jessica’s Hemorrhoid No More can be more accurately described as an “Hemorrhoids Bible.” It is quite simply one of the most complete and precise guides about hemroid treatment you will ever read. What makes it so much different than other hemroids publications on the market?
First of all, it’s not just a “Hemorrhoids help” program, it’s an Hemorrhoids treatment program. This may seem like wordplay at first, but once you’ve begin reading the first chapters, there will be no doubt in your mind that following “help with your hemroids” is not only the wrong goal, it may be the reason that you’ve failed to cure your piles until now. You can show in Hemorrhoid No More why you should fix the things that’s hindering your chances of treat and prevent all types of hemorrhoids and their symptoms and then goes on to show you exactly how to do it.
Secondly, what makes Hemorrhoid No More different is the amount of attention that is paid to each element required to cure your hemroids the natural way. Hemorrhoid No More not only thoroughly discusses the lies, myths and fallacies surrounding a very confusing subject, it is simply the most detailed book about hemroid treatment and holistic health.
The Hemorrhoid No More book is quite extensive (170 pages of rock solid content) which focuses on 100% natural method for getting rid of hemroids and prevent their recurrence fast. In Hemorrhoid No More core formula section (The 5 step system) – nothing is held back. In this section, Jessica gives a detailed overview of each step, and then dives into the specifics in a perfect chronological order. There are also outstanding charts and checklists which make it very easy to know where you are at in the program and follow it.
Because the Hemorrhoids Miracle program is not a quick fix ‘fairy tale’ cure but a complete holistic solution aimed at eliminating the root cause of hemorrhoids problems (regardless of your age) and ensure your will cure all hemroid symptoms such as: pain, irritation, swelling and bleeding quickly, it does take work and persistence to complete. “The dictionary is the only place success comes before work” says Jessica, as he emphasizes the “no quick fix” philosophy behind the entire book.
If there is any drawback to the Hemorrhoid No More ebook, it’s that it contains so much information, that some readers may find it a bit overwhelming. Those who are looking for a quick start type of hemroid treatment program, might be a bit intimated at first. The good part however, is that even these types of readers can feel confident and assured that it will be worth the effort because this will literally be the last book they ever have to buy on the subject.
In the broadest sense, anyone and everyone who wants to cure their hemroids and constipation naturally and regain their natural inner balance will benefit from Hemorrhoid No More. This ebook is honestly for everyone. Even people without hemroids issues. This is a complete health rejuvenation program better than many of the nutrition and alternative health books on the market.
In terms of graphic design, Hemorrhoid No More is a clean and professionally formatted PDF e-book. It is well organized and ideal for printing and reading in the comfort of your own home.
Anyone looking to be told fairy-tales, and anyone looking for a “magic bullet”, pills, over the counters, ‘cure Hemorrhoids in 2 hours’ hyped up programs should not waste his or her time with Hemorrhoid No More.
On the other hand, anyone searching for the truth about Hemorrhoids and alternative health and who is ready and willing to put in some work and make the lifestyle changes necessary to treat their hemroids quick will find Hemorrhoid No More to be one of the best investments they ever made in their lives.
Hemroid, hemeroid, hemorroid is different type of spelling for hemorrhoid, as I said in my other post: What is a hemroid? What are hemroids?. Different people use different spelling, even if it is considered misspelled.
Many people use these forms of spelling for hemorrhoids. You can use any of those words. It is good to know that all this terms refers to the same things.
Any type of spelling you use in everyday conversation, one thing is important if you suffer from piles: hemorrhoid treatment. A certified nutritionist and health consultant has launched “H Miracle” for all of us who suffer from hemroids and need help. It is one of the amazing guides about hemroid treatment you will ever read.
Finally, here into my “Hemroid Treatment and Symptoms” website, in page Store, anyone can find, explore and buy a lot of product witch help to cure piles and to heal the pain produced by hemorrhoids!
Don’t hesitate to navigate in this online Store, search and choose the appropriate product. You will find here some hemroid cream and hemorrhoid suppositories that can help you! Really !
The best hemroid treatment is prevention. I think that, even if hemroids do not seem so serious a disease, but they can cause some severe pain. This is very well known to all those who suffer or have ever suffered from hemorrhoids.
Pregnancy is one of the great wonders of the humanity, it is our chance and our way to continue our existence on Earth. For a woman, pregnancy brings a lot of changes in her body and metabolism. Many of which are considered normal during pregnancy, but some are disease or abnormal condition which disturbs, causes pain or endanger the health or lives of these women.
Hemroids are one of these diseases can occur in pregnant women. Hemorrhoids occur during pregnancy due to physiological and metabolic changes that occur in pregnant women. Although many people consider them normal or avoid addressing this issue, they are still diseases and should be treated.
As I said above, the best hemroid treatment is prevention. Prevent hemorrhoids by pregnant women can be done in several ways. One way to prevent piles is a proper diet with lots of fruits and foods rich in fiber. Also for this purpose are recommended walks and outdoor movement and must avoid sitting for a long time.
But in most cases – and we talk about pregnant women here – many of these women may suffer from piles disease and they need proper hemorrhoid treatment. For mild or early stages of the hemroids, pregnant women can use a hemroid cream, as I wrote bellow in the other article about hemroid cream. Proper diet is also an efficient method of hemorrhoid treatment, not only to prevent, but of course, diet recommended by a specialist.
But the treatment that I recommend in this situation is H Miracle from Holly Hayden, a natural and holistic program that cure piles, one of the best hemroid treatment.
Hemroid symptoms are the start point in any hemroids treatment and for this reason it is very important to be well known. As I wrote earlier in the article on what are hemroids, terms hemroids and piles indicates the same: swollen veins around the rectum and anus. So in my articles I’ll use the both terms.
In most cases the typical piles symptoms are pain (pain can be excruciating in some severe form of a hemroid), rectal or hemroid bleeding, itching, discomfort and skin irritation. Hemorrhoids symptoms may differ from person to person. Some people may experience all the piles symptoms above. Other people feel only some of these symptoms. Also, as stated earlier in another article about these, symptoms of external hemorrhoids and symptoms of internal hemorrhoids are different.
Even if we know a hemroid symptoms, we must know what do hemroids look like, in order to follow an adequate hemroid treatment. When we ask what do hemroid look like, the best answer for us is to view a lot of hemroid pictures – an image replace a thousand of words.
I recommend the product H Miracle, where you will find what do hemroids look like, hemroid symptoms, hemroid pictures and more important one of the best hemroid treatment.
Hemroids treatment it’s so necessary because in most of piles disease people must endure not only a great discomfort, but often a severe pain. In the other hand, it’s a fact that untreated hemroids (internal hemroids or external hemroids), hemroids bleeding or other piles disease can conduct to other disease and complications. As a former hemroid sufferer, I recommend to all an amazing hemroid treatment: H Miracle from Holly Hayden!
Using a hemroid cream can be a simple and useful method in hemroids treatment. When we know the hemroid symptoms and we have a correct identification of a piles disease, we can use a hemroid cream to cure piles.
Like in the proverb above, hemroids bleeding can be considered a “deep waters” from a hemroid point of view or in hemroids cure. In most cases, if someone have only a piles disease, and I refer here particularly to internal hemroids, the hemroids bleeding can be observed in small quantities on the toilet paper or on the stool. The symptoms of hemroids can also include pain, itching and skin irritation, all of this producing a real discomfort. But the rectal bleeding disease require a special attention. Like I said in the post relate to what are hemroids, everyone must see her doctor whenever he have severe rectal pain or bleeding.
Internal hemroids, as you can read in another post below that relate to hemroids symptoms, can be less painful than external hemroids, but sometimes they can hide a lot of big problems, because we tend to not consider some things we can not see. Even just for this reason, but in order to cure hemroids and eliminate them, we must follow a hemroid treatment. I recommend for that H Miracle from Holly Hayden, a hemroid treatment that helped me, like other thousand people. And don’t forget, the best hemroid treatment is prevention, in order to eliminate piles disease forever!
Our guarantee to you right now: if you email or call us during normal business hours and don't get a response within an hour, you receive a 10% discount off any service provided. Just say: Where is my discount?
Our mission is to become your project partner. To listen to your needs and offer solutions to fit your lifestyle and budget. Big or small, residential or commercial, give Rick a call today.
On this form you will find the names of the Heralds Guild DMs eligible for Rank 4. You, being of rank 4 or higher, get to vote on who you would like to see included.
We are not looking to limit the amount of people that make it in. Getting all of them admitted would be fine. So just vote as you please.
The people listed below have all become eligible for rank 4 in 2016. Please choose for each person if you would like for them to be promoted.
If you have any comments to go with your votes feel free to enter them here. We will of course treat them with the utmost care.
From Wednesday April 2nd next, General Practitioner, Dr. Noelle Quann will join the team at the Lismore Clinic, to set up a new medical practice in Lismore.
Dr. Quann is a vocationally trained General Practitioner on the GP Specialist Division of the Irish Medical Council register. Dr. Quann holds a great deal of experience both locally and nationally, and also internationally, having worked with The Royal flying Doctor Service of Australia. In addition to her role as a GP, she is also actively involved in emergency medicine, currently working a dual role as A&E Registrar in University Hospital Waterford, thus keeping to the forefront of good clinical practice guidelines.
Dr. Quann also has extensive training and experience in pre-hospital emergency care, and is the co-founder and clinical lead for the Lismore Community First Response Programme, for which she was shortlisted to the final three nominees nationally in the Community Category of the Volunteer Ireland Awards in December 2013.
The General Practice surgery at the Lismore Clinic will provide all the usual medical services normally provided by GPs, such as diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic medical problems in adults and children, routine screening, antenatal and preventative care. In addition to these services, Dr. Quann is also fully trained and experienced in a variety of specialist areas.
Dr. Quann has specialist training & qualifications in dermatology (the diagnosis and treatment of skin conditions) and in minor surgery, and is therefore able to carry out various procedures at the surgery, such as suturing of minor lacerations, skin biopsies, and removal of moles, sebaceous cysts, skin tags, and excision of ingrown toenails, which might otherwise require a referral to a dermatology or surgical clinic with the associated prolonged waiting time. She also has specialist training & certification in musculoskeletal injury management and is experienced in treating sports injuries and administering joint injections. In addition to the usual Women’s Health & Family Planning services, Dr. Quann also provides Mirena coil, Copper Coil & Implanon removal & insertion.
Integrated medicine, which combines conventional medicine with various other approaches to health care (such as nutritional therapy, physical therapy or counselling), is becoming increasingly popular. It is estimated that at least 40% of the population use one or more forms of complementary healthcare, and most people combine these with conventional medicine, rather than choosing one or the other exclusively. Working as part of a multidisciplinary healthcare practice will provide patients with an opportunity to combine conventional medical care with various other approaches if they so choose, potentially providing a more comprehensive and holistic approach to health care.
If you would like any further information about the new Medical Practice at the Lismore Clinic, or if you would like to make an appointment from April 2nd onwards, please telephone the clinic on 058 53200
The website from which you got to this page is protected by Cloudflare. Email addresses on that page have been hidden in order to keep them from being accessed by malicious bots. You must enable Javascript in your browser in order to decode the e-mail address.
If you have a website and are interested in protecting it in a similar way, you can sign up for Cloudflare.
Eindhoven Metal Meeting had a cancellation for this year’s edition, and who else where they supposed to call when in desperate need of party?
It is the mission of Heritage Archives to be the world's leading provider of historical newspaper content, focusing on individual people and the events that impacted their lives. Through constant improvement, we are committed to providing a high volume of quality content via innovative and useful delivery methods. Heritage Archives demonstrates this commitment by empowering creative employees who possess a high level of personal accountability and a dedication to excellence.
At Heritage Archives, we permanently preserve our clients' history, as recorded on their historical documents, by creating the highest quality microfilm available.
Heritage Archivesâ€™s sister company, newspaperarchive.com can make that history available to the world via the Internet with cutting edge scanning, OCR, and imaging technology. Visit newspaperarchive.com to try it for yourself.
Dear visitor, welcome to Tagoria. If this is your first visit here, please read the Help. It explains in detail how this page works. To use all features of this page, you should consider registering. Please use the registration form, to register here or read more information about the registration process. If you are already registered, please login here.
If you want to create your own account on this page, follow the Register link in the menu. After accepting the terms and conditions, you will need to enter some personal information:
Username - This is the name you will use to login. Usernames are unique, if your username is already taken, you will have to choose a different one.
It is possible that other fields need to be filled out as well. The captcha image protects the page against spam robots. You have to write the letters you can see on the image into the related text field. You can recreate and enlarge the image if you have difficulties reading it. If you do not manage to complete that step you can contact an administrator.
With an existing user account you can login to the page. Click on the menu item Login and enter your username and password. If you have forgotten your password you can use the Forgot password function. You will have to enter either your e-mail or your username. If your account has not been activated yet you will have to go to the login page.
Have been exploring new artists lately, and came across Jaeger, needless to say I was stunned by the drops he made. None of the songs here are mine and all rights and credit belong to respective owners: Jaeger and Meric Songs Used (In order): Jaeger - Don't Play Jaeger - Until Dawn Jaeger & Meric - After Dawn
Herofaster is only music search engine, we don't store or host any mp3 files and other copyright materials on our server,- So please. Privacy Policy | DMCA | Contact Us
I know that this idea is a little bit out of the ordinary, but I would like to make it happen. I would like to rename an existing tc user account with something else. I know that there is a bootloader user option, but this one is actually adding a new user account with a default tcuser password and not renaming/replacing an existing one.
So I approached this problem by remastering initrd where I renamed all tc user entries with an account name of my choosing in the following files
Additionally, I updated /etc/shadow with my password hash and I also added noautologin option to the extlinux bootloader options list.
After some testing I can confirm that I am able to login to the system with my username and password, but it behaves a little bit strange. When I enter my credentials I need to press Enter button four more times (without writing password in) to get rid of password entry field and to get to the shell prompt.
I have no idea why system behaves this way, but my wild guess would be that I most probably missed/forgot to update one of the system/configuration files when remastering initrd.
If you have any suggestions or thoughts on what I should check or how I should approach this issue then let me know. Thank you!
In addition to all things mentioned above I forgot to mention that I also updated /etc/sudoers file in a way that my custom username needs to enter password on sudo command. And this is exactly what was indirectly causing described strange behaviour. The reason there are multiple password entries after user login lies in the shell login script .profile.
I am not sure what is the purpose of this line in the shell login script, but the thing is that it is executing sudo command which in my case requires password to be entered.
Searching the complete file system trying to figure out who is relying on value of /etc/sysconfig/backup gives me no result. As if this is some kind of leftover from way back.
... Searching the complete file system trying to figure out who is relying on value of /etc/sysconfig/backup gives me no result. As if this is some kind of leftover from way back.
The $BACKUP environmental variable is used to determine whether or not to run a backup by default when shutting down. Its
The TRshady Forum became read-only in December 2014. The 10 year history will live on, in this archive.
So I'm going to see Religilous today at 5:20. I've got to drive about 2-3 counties over to a theatre that's actually showing it, and I'm going by myself.
“We are often hesitant to look at other faiths or to examine our own critically because we feel that, in doing so, we are being disloyal to our own deeply felt convictions. ... And yet our beliefs are not worth very much if they cannot stand up to any scrutiny.” -- James Livingston.
If I want to see it, I would also have to drive to the next county, 80 miles, which isn't an option since I don't have a car. But they are showing "An American Carol" locally. I wrote an angry letter to the local newspaper about it.
I recently wanted to see the film, "Religuous," at a local movie theater. But, Pelican Cinemas, the only local movie theater, does not show the film. No big surprise. "Religuous" is a small-budget comedy with limited left-wing appeal (it is playing at a theater in Ashland). However, when I checked the listing, it did come as a bit more of a surprise to me that Pelican Cinemas is showing a film with an even smaller audience--"An American Carol." From the look of the online trailers, it is a right-wing lampoon of Michael Moore, and it is about as comedically stale, intellectually lowbrow and politically creepy as Michael Moore himself.
If the administrator of Pelican Cinemas wants to limit the viewing options of the city public, that is obviously his own private decision and his right. But Klamath Falls has become a sizable and diverse city, and it will get bigger. Can someone with the capital please start up another cinema, maybe in the old downtown, or maybe at the burgeoning east side of the city? I see a great business opportunity here. One cinema no longer needs to have a monopoly.
See it and bring a few friends. If we must have docugandas, let them send a message that really needs to be sent.
Apostateabe wrote: If I want to see it, I would also have to drive to the next county, 80 miles, which isn't an option since I don't have a car. But they are showing "An American Carol" locally. I wrote an angry letter to the local newspaper about it.
I've seen the trailer as well, and I completely agree with you, apart from Michael Moore being intellectually lowbrow and whatnot. He may be pretty creepy, but he does strike on some pretty good things.
I wouldn't mind seeing Religulous. I'll wait till it comes out on DVD, though. It hasn't come out in Australia yet.
I just got back. This movie was absolutely hilarious. It wasn't just laughing at religious people being interviewed, this was seriously cut and presented as a comedy. Absolutely entertaining and interesting.
How did you even find a theater showing it?? I have no clue how to find one!!! other than calling.....cant find one playing in within 20 miles. uuuuuuuuuuuggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh is there a website??
i tried fandango. it just keeps saying no showings. but even if its like 5 hours away i wanna know where its showing!
KHill7771 wrote: How did you even find a theater showing it?? I have no clue how to find one!!! other than calling.....cant find one playing in within 20 miles. uuuuuuuuuuuggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh is there a website??
I usually use Yahoo! movies. Type in your zip code and go. If you can't find a showing with either that or Fandango, then it probably is not showing, and you should write an angry letter to your local cinema.
Saw it today. I thought it was very good, and very smart. The problem with it is that while some of the people that need to see it (the skeptics) will, the ones who really do, the religious folks, will stay well clear.
My letter to the editor got published recently, it seems. There is a comment under my letter on the newspaper website that says he will send a request to the theater to try to get it shown, because they have lost money showing unpopular films before. There is another comment that says there is no way a second theater could make it financially in this town. Maybe so.
Another thing about Religilous is that it makes the same claims about Horus and Jesus as in the movie Zeitgeist, which I'm pretty sure is false at this point ( http://zeitgeistchallenge.com/ ).
As detailed in my support forum post (http://forum.voodooprojects.org/index.php/topic,1498.0.html) resetting the USB when you still want to load data from it might not be a very bright idea.
- It's limited to max 10 Controllers of each type (UHCI, EHCI) due to lack of proper dynamically allocated queue
gUSBEnqueuedEHCI is hardcoded to a size of MAX_USB_DEVICES * sizeof(pci_dt_t), so if you ever have a machine with more than MAX_USB_DEVICES controllers, you're writing to memory that you shouldn't be. The same goes for the other pci_dt_t array.
I also have an implementation in my branch (http://forge.voodooprojects.org/p/chameleon/source/tree/HEAD/branches/meklort/i386/libsaio/usb.c) for the usb code, and inside of pci_setup.c as well. There is one main bug that I still haven't fixed with it (running the reset on the correct controller, but that's just two lines to fix)
Yup, I realize that that is extremely bad code (hey, it took me about an hour to fix what I was looking for...)
I'm inspecting meklort's changes, and I'd like to merge his md0 ramdisk + usb changes back to the trunk.
There isn't any reason to, the kernel with just reuse it when it's started up (I believe, correct me if I'm wrong).
I ordered winbatch+compiler. When I try to compile a script I get " Winbatch compiler not installed". I did enter the license info, and do see the the serial number under the Licence info. Am I supposed to run a separate install to install the compiler?
Sounds like you downloaded WinBatch instead of WinBatch+Compiler. Go to the the Download page (it can be reached by clicking on the Downloads menu item at the top of this forum) and then select the "Click here to download WinBatch+Compiler" link. You will be asked to provide your license information before you can select your version and begin the download.
Thank You, that solved my issue. I'm not sure what happened the first try, because I made sure to download the Winbatch+ compiler. I followed your advise, and downloaded for the Downloads in this Forum page. It looks like the same link that I originally used, but it works now. Thank you again.
There is only one Download web page on the WinBatch Website. The link above takes you to the same page as the Download menu item on most other site pages.
An artist of extraordinary diversity, Sue Macpherson has exhibited extensively in the north and northeast of Scotland. Artist-in-residence for the Whale and Dolphin Conservancy Council, Sue’s work often reflects her environmental and social concerns. This is her first exhibition in the west of Scotland. The show opened on September 28th and will be running until […]
The gallery proprietor will be happy to arrange special visits and showings for student and other groups at mutually convenient times.
I’m not gonna lie, 2016 was NOT the year I thought it would be. 2015 ended on a great note, and I was so beyond excited for 2016, thinking it would be my year! However, as many people can say, 2016 was Felicia, and to her we say BYE. Okay…maybe I’m exaggerating just a little, but I do feel this to some extent.
As I was thinking about this new year, I saw something on Instagram (s/o to Subhi Taha though) that said (paraphrased), “If you complain about how 2016 was, you were obviously blind to the 365 days or just ungrateful for everything”. This really struck a chord with me. Here I was complaining and just thinking about how I was so ‘miserable’ because 2016 ‘sucked’ and how I’m just not doing anything during the winter break except working. This really opened my eyes. Alhamdulilah. Praise to the Almighty. For I have been able to breathe, sleep, rest, study, learn, laugh, love, and LIVE these past 365 days that encompassed 2016. And for that, I must be eternally grateful.
Hence, I really wanted to compile a list of 16 of my favourite things that happened in 2016. They are in no particular order, but coming up with this list really made me happy and smile at all of the wonderful times 2016 has brought. Obviously, these are the good things that happened. I’m not overlooking the fact that there are days for you and days against you, and both of these days are a test for you (Imam Ali (as)). A lot of things happened in 2016 that I wish didn’t – I lost a lot of loved ones in my family, friendships have left (but new ones formed), and just a lot of things I wish I could have been more positive about. This upcoming year inshallah, I can work on being more positive about every situation.
For now, I hope you can enjoy reading my list and I encourage you to come up with your own. Some of these things are so minuscule, yet have just made me genuinely happy. Alhamdulilah, Alhamdulilah, ALHAMDULILAH :))))))))
Just because this is number 1, I should start with JANUARY 1, 2016! I spent the entire day with my eldest brother in Central London, UK and we had a blast! We explored random places, these Nigerian girls in the elevator told me I was very pretty in hijab, and we were able to catch up after being a part for so long. – January 2016
When one of my bff’s Kulsoom invited a bunch of us over to watch Documentaries. Random, kinda? Awesome, totally! It’s honestly so nice to have a good group of friends where you can laught and chill but also talk about serious issues. It’s so refreshing, honestly. – January 2016
Our annual Family Day celebration at my uncle’s house (yes, Family Day is a real holiday in Ontario, Canada). It was the big family celebration and if you know my family, we can definitely get loud and crazy. We are good at games and even better at cheating.
And, it was with my Late Uncle (please remember him with a small prayer or Surah Fateha) – Feburary 2016
MIST Toronto Regionals – It was my first time being Competitions Manager and although it was very hectic, it was also super fun. I learnt a lot about myself, how I work in teams, especially as a head of a large team, and things that stress me out. All of which, has helped me become a better person – March 2016
Hitting 10K followers on Instagram on HijabiHeroes (currently at 16.6k) because 10 GRAND is a lot of people and I’m just a little girl – April 2016
Spent the weekend with my Grandma and cousins from Orlando and went to a volleyball tournament and Demetres and of course, to MODAH! Honestly, that weekend was just nostalgia of my childhood – May 2016
Getting my braces off! #BraceFaceIsFinallyBraceFree after 3 very loooooong years! HALLELUJAH – July 2016
IMFDF and interning backstage for Cover Me Beautiful by Hakeemah, a muslimah stylist! I was her intern for a REAL LIFE fashion show, and I got to hang out with so many cool ladies on a yatcht! – August 2016
Random Bashosh cousins reuinion dessert with some lovely FL and UK cousins. We pranked our cousin’s husband by telling the waiter it was his birthday and having everyone sing him happy birthday. The snapchat vids were lit – August 2016
My Brother’s Engagement and the entire Orlando, FL trip because BEACH. I went to the beach after 5 long years, ate italian ice, and many Wawa runs. Oh yeah, and I gained a sister #TRUE – August 2016
Okay, last Florida Moment – Playing Carbles (mix of Cards and Marbles with a super cool board) with my cousins, sista sista, and a bunch of my brother’s friends until 5 am because, why not – August 2016
Road trip to Washington D.C. and visiting all of the National Monuments. There was so much history there and it was so awesome to see – August 2016
Philly, Philly, Philly! Stop 2 of the #SibsTakeTheUS trip did not disappoint. Love this city and of course, their cheesesteaks – August 2016
Passing my exams (with A’s alhamdulilah) for Semester 1 of 3rd year of University because YA GIRL was stressing and I had no hope and even less motivation – December 2016
Last but not least, I guess a favourite would be last night. New Year’s Eve. We didn’t watch any fireworks and we even missed the countdown to 2017, but honestly, it didn’t even matter. Because last night I laughed like crazy and I’m thankful for the friends I could do that with. And I bussed from work to my friend’s house, and from her house straight back to work today. Oh yeah, and tricked some people on my Snapchat that I was at the airport for a one day getaway heheheh – December 2016
Thank you for sharing these moments, and every other moment with me in 2016, and the years before, and inshallah the years to come. Thank you for allowing me to share my life with you all and of course, my outfits 🙂
I cannot express my gratitude enough to everyone for supporting HH, and inshallah, we can keep growing from here.
Enter your email address to subscribe to HijabiHeroes and receive notifications of new posts straight to your inbox :) You'll be the first to get the scoop ;)
There's an issue with the Instagram Access Token that you are using. Please obtain a new Access Token on the plugin's Settings page.
If you continue to have an issue with your Access Token then please see this FAQ for more information.
Archives Select Month October 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 May 2017 April 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013
Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.4 Beta 2 Copyright © 2018 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
The Indian laws of designs is now enshrined in those Designs Act, 2,000. The Act seeks to provide designed for the registration most typically associated with designs in Indian. The rights naturally under the Act are operative all through the whole on india.
A DESIGN is now defined as its features of shape, configuration, pattern, decoration or composition within lines or colorings applied to whatever article by nearly any industrial process and / or means, whether manual, mechanical or chemical, separate or combined, which in ones finished article lure to and end up being judged solely merely by the eye, and yet does not comprise of any mode or even principle of making or anything what is in element a mere clockwork device and does not include any trademark or property and assets mark or artistic work .
Design Act insures only designs through which is aesthetic when it comes to nature. They may also be decorative causes added to all article or they may be point of very health or configuration. Technique improvement and originality are important criteria when a design for registration. In addition, only those designs that are practical to an content by an advertisement process will grow to be protected.
Almost all jurisdictions including India heed Locarno Classification with respect to registration of design comprising 32 classes, numbered 1 you can 31 and an additional class 99 to include articles not falling the aforesaid 28 classes. Most of the classes are undoubtedly further divided straight sub classes. Routine applications must find yourself filed in each particular class established upon the prevalent material with which the article might be made or is usually capable of receiving made.
The registration regarding a design confers the proprietor copyright in the adornment for the length of time of registration. Copyright laws means the restricted right to make use of the design all the way through respect of how the article for what type it is registered.
An developer or a few other person/company assigned because of the inventor can utilize and obtain the listing for some sort of design.
An submission for product on Form-1 accompanied by way of four books of statement of that design and also prescribed premium of Rs. 1000/- is truly filed available on one behind the give consideration to office relating to the Lumineux Office identified at, Kolkata, Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai. The Varieties Office primarily provides a functional filing code and health care history date and as a consequence issues the particular filing receipt, which is in fact sent when you need to the patient or these attorney. Afterwards the application is legally examined by the Brands Office. Defects will possibly be communicated to the job seeker. Once one particular application is usually found to be when it comes to order the software is signed for and the Designs Working issues the type of registration certificates.
The key phrase of any kind of a design registration mark is initially for a good period using ten countless. The rebirth is appropriate for further period of 5 years of age.
It could be described as the sole responsibility connected the operator to consult that the actual design could not simply being infringed entirely on by others. It is definitely the proprietor’s duty to make sure you file per suit of a infringement vs . the infringer. The reliefs which can certainly be on the whole awarded inside of such a suit are –
Design the law are allowed on an absolute country-by-country structure. An The indian subcontinent registration serves up protection only in Sweden and its territories. Incase the individual of a real design wishes to purchases with the a version in next countries, some owner should always seek protection in nearly every country on their own under i would say the relevant guidelines.
There is certainly no physique as yet wherein a single adornment application is now sufficient so that you protect my design right internationally. However, Paris trade show * has got certain proper rights to membership countries in design registration. A party who ringbinders design application in a particular member form of ones Convention, types of as India, can inside of a six months of that filing this day file balms in extra member countries claiming the priority of the first of all Application form for patent Registration India. Suppose such every design is ordinarily accepted to produce registration keep in mind this will are deemed to have outlined from its same wedding day on which often the application is built in home country.
* London Convention has always been the virtually basic additionally important multilateral convention relating to intelligent property, integrating trademarks, at which United states of america is another member. It defined all of the meaning and in addition scope in industrial material goods rights policies and powerful basic the definition and mechanics.
commas and coordinating adjectives comma worksheets free printable adjective for grade 2 4 1st,free printable adjective worksheets for grade 2 6th adjectives 5 elegant,free printable adjective worksheets for 2nd grade middle school 4th adjectives,free printable adjective worksheets for middle school 6th grade 3 to adverb sentences,free printable adjective worksheets for 1st grade 4th 1 subject and object pronouns possessive adjectives worksheet,free printable adjective worksheets for 1st grade adjectives 2 2nd,free printable adjective worksheets for grade 1 nouns verbs and adjectives 2 4,adjective worksheets kindergarten free printable educational adjectives for grade 4 1st 1,free printable adjective worksheets for 1st grade changing adjectives to adverbs adverb 2nd 6th,free printable adjective worksheets for 1st grade 2nd 2 fish forms worksheet.
This is a placeholder page for Mary Davies, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Mary Davies.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Mary Davies. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Mary Davies. We created this page automatically in hopes Mary Davies would find it. If you are not Mary Davies, but are an alumni of Hinckley Big Rock High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Hinckley Big Rock High School	of Hinckley, Illinois
There is a hotel in Bangkok near Democracy monument that played a small part in the black and white spy movie Operation C.I.A. This is the movie that starred a young Burt Reynolds, who stayed in Room 607. Click here to book a room at Hotel De Moc. Thai Hotel opened in May 1962, but later […]
For our 3-day stay in Singapore, we chose to stay at Hotel 81 Dickson. It’s conveniently located at the edge of Little India and close to three MRT stations, which makes getting around very easy. Click here to book a room at Hotel 81 Dickson. We booked this hotel mainly because of the location, but also […]
For our few days in Surin we decided to stay at our usual place, which is Maneerote Hotel. This hotel is fairly centrally located, very clean, has friendly staff, is reasonable priced and has a good cafe on the ground floor. It’s the perfect place for us to stay. We paid 1,414 baht ($40) for […]
We made a great choice by choosing U Hat Yai Hotel for our 3-day stay in Hat Yai. It’s quite centrally located, and was easy to walk from the hotel to everywhere we went in the town. The town is fairly small, so quite walkable for most people. Click here to book a room at […]
My Place @ Hua Hin is an excellent hotel right in the city center. We’ve stayed in Hua Hin many times over the years, and this is a perfect location for us. It’s just 400 meters from the train station and around 200 meters from the famous night market. Click here to book a room […]
HippoTravels.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
There are worrying signs today that the United States is turning away from the tradition of liberal arts education that has made it a global leader in post-secondary education over the past century. Universities are cutting language and literature departments, students are entering majors perceived as pre-professional, and some politicians are becoming skeptical about the expenses associated with small classes taught by tenured or tenure-track faculty.
At the same time, there are signs that Asia is turning towards the liberal arts. The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Seoul National University in South Korea, Waseda University in Japan, and the National University of Singapore, to name just a few, have recently made major investments in liberal arts education as an alternative to their traditionally highly specialized and technical university programs. It seems that leaders in these Asian countries recognize what some US policy-makers overlook: a nation’s strength comes from the type of education it offers.
Asian governments have recognized that in an era driven by innovation, the breadth of an education that encompasses the liberal arts and sciences is a distinct advantage for future workers. Many also recognize the importance of education in history and politics for future citizens in an era of democratization. And Asian educators recognize the ethical benefits of studying literature, philosophy, and social science—the liberal arts give students an opportunity to think about their place in the world and how to live a fulfilled life.
Strong investment in research is one of the reasons for the success of US higher education, and we must hope that public and private investment continues. But the roots of US success go back before the establishment of modern research universities to the tradition of the liberal arts college. US liberal arts colleges like Amherst, Wellesley, and Swarthmore continue to offer a remarkable education, while Ivy League universities like Yale, Princeton, Harvard, and Columbia still draw strength from their origins as liberal arts colleges. The strength of its higher education system undergirds US traditions of citizenship, leadership, and creativity, and it has drawn many talented people to this country (I came to the United States from Canada in 1990 to attend graduate school at Stanford). If the United States loses sight of its educational traditions, or sacrifices high-quality education for the lure of inexpensive online degrees, this will damage US leadership at home and abroad.
Today, liberal arts education means, above all, encouraging students’ imagination and their ability to think critically about the world. It is my experience, and that of US educators generally, that this is best accomplished in small, intensive seminars focused on discussion, in which the professor does not just lecture but encourages critical discussion of a topic from multiple perspectives. This gives students the opportunity to arrive at their own understanding of the subject and to articulate that understanding. It also allows them to develop their ability to arrive at a consensus or to disagree on a basis of reasoned argument. It is for this reason that the college classroom has been called a laboratory of democracy.
Liberal arts education is not cheap: it requires engaged teaching in small groups by faculty who care deeply about undergraduates. But in a time when the mere provision of information is becoming a commodity, it is the engaged pedagogy of the liberal arts tradition that will keep US colleges and universities on top. The revolution in on-line delivery of education, through MOOCs (Massive Open Online Courses) does offer the prospect of a democratization of access to the great lectures, but it emphasizes a one-way delivery system—a more powerful version of the “sage on the stage”—and fails to provide some of the essential aspects of liberal arts education, namely the peer-to-peer learning that takes place in seminar rooms, residence halls, and extra-curricular activities.
For Asia, the digital revolution offers great possibilities for expanded access, but at the same time educators from primary school through graduate school in Asia are recognizing the importance of active in-class learning. The two can be combined effectively in “flipped classrooms,” theorized by J. Wesley Baker, and put into practice quite effectively at the Duke-NUS Graduate School of Medicine in Singapore.
What is liberal education? The word “liberal” referred in ancient Rome to what was most important for a free citizen to study. So, the liberal arts are closely aligned with freedom – the freedom to pursue intellectual questions and debate issues of common concern. The goals of a liberal arts education have long been to teach students to analyze carefully, to communicate effectively, and to make wise and humane decisions. The word “arts” refers historically not just to the visual or performing arts but to the whole range
of human knowledge, from language, literature, and the humanities to mathematics and the physical, biological and social sciences. Liberal arts education is explicitly not vocational—that is, not linked to a single occupation. Many students go on to graduate education in law, medicine, business or other professions or to PhD programs, but many also go directly into the workforce. The experience of the top liberal arts institutions suggests that regardless of the student’s ultimate profession, a strong liberal education provides a good basis for a successful career in part because it encourages flexibility and a love of learning.
Students at Yale before the Civil War were required to study Classical Greek and Latin, mathematics, philosophy, geography, history, astronomy, and English. In the nineteenth century, the innovative Harvard President Charles W. Eliot moved away from the common curriculum and introduced the elective system for undergraduates. Eliot argued in his inaugural address of 1869 that “the young man of nineteen or twenty ought to know what he likes best and is most fit for.” Yet through all these transformations, liberal arts education continued to emphasize the breadth of knowledge that would allow students to see the world’s problems in broad context.
Young people today will continue to live lives shaped by the eternal questions posed in classical literature and philosophy, but they will also need to contend with the massive flows of data let loose by the information revolution. Liberal arts education extends well beyond the traditional humanities (although the humanities remain central to it). The essence of the liberal arts approach is to provide students with broad intellectual exposure and encourage them to consider problems from many different perspectives–to ask the right questions.
Take, for example, the study of the environment; specifically the impact of the shrimp farms on mangrove forests in Southeast Asia; over a third of the world’s mangrove forests have disappeared in the last two decades, largely as a result of clearing the forests for shrimp farming. These farms bring economic benefits to employees and consumers, but the disappearing mangrove forests provide essential qualities like biodiversity and a buffer against events like tsunamis. How do we address issues like these? Clearly, knowledge of botany and climatology is essential; but the management of the resources of the sea is also a matter of social norms, and changing people’s relationship to those resources involves the question of humans’ relationship to the natural world, which may be shaped by religious belief or historical tradition.
New generations of leaders will confront questions posed for previous generations by great thinkers in philosophy, literature, and other fields, as well as new questions that derive from the changing complexities of an interconnected world. The liberal arts encourage mastery of these challenges through exposure to a wide range of disciplines. At the same time, future leaders need skills associated with high-level research, so liberal arts education should emphasize not only breadth but also mastery of research methods through independent projects within particular disciplines.
I have had the honor and pleasure of participating in the development of a new liberal arts college in Singapore that aims to embody some of the principles I have outlined above. Yale-NUS College is a partnership of Yale University and the National University of Singapore.
Such an education must bring the span of human knowledge together and allow students to develop their capacities to the fullest by encouraging active learning. Every student entering Yale-NUS will take a set of shared courses on subjects ranging from literature through social thought to scientific inquiry, while also majoring in a particular discipline. We expect our students to master a body of knowledge and techniques, but we also want them to be able to approach and solve problems from many different angles. The focus in both the common curriculum and the majors will be on learning how to ask the right questions. To make this inquiry-based learning possible, we will teach students in small seminars with a focus on discussion and debate. And we are developing a residential program that will amplify the formal learning in the seminar room or the lab with the more serendipitous – but equally important—learning that takes place in the dining hall, or a study session, or in a club meeting.
After discussion and planning throughout 2009 and 2010, the two universities signed an agreement in early 2011, and my colleagues and I spent the following eighteen months hiring the first 40 faculty of the College. This adventurous group of scholars, in turn, has spent the past academic year devising a curriculum designed to answer the question, “What must a young person learn in order to live a responsible life in this century?” The result, rather than the elective system that dominates much of current US education, is a common curriculum in which students together take a set of innovative courses introducing them to the humanities, sciences, and social sciences. Rather than transplant a Yale or US education to Singapore, we are reimagining the liberal arts for a new era and a new global context.
Of course, we each have our own commitment to our particular specialty, but this guiding question has allowed us to come up with an integrated common curriculum, which students will take in the first two years of their education. All students will take modules in each aspect of the common curriculum—this gives them a solid grounding together in the whole range of liberal arts and sciences and prepares them for any major they might like to pursue in their third and fourth years.
It also helps to create the common conversation across campus, as students can discuss the books they are all reading at the same time in their literature classes, or the experiments they are all conducting in their labs, or the social theories they are testing in their course on comparative social institutions, or the ideas they are debating in
philosophy. Whereas most current students in Asia focus exclusively on a single subject, this program emphasizes breadth. It also differs, however, from the typical distribution system in the United States, where breadth is achieved by having the student select courses from various categories—sometimes resulting in students’ deliberately choosing the easiest course in any given category and thus avoiding some of the very breadth the system is meant to encourage.
In April 2013, the Curriculum Committee planning this educational program, chaired by Yale Political Scientist Bryan Garsten, published a report entitled “Yale-NUS College: A new community of learning.” The major themes of our past year’s planning for the college are summarized in a statement of the vision for the program adopted by the faculty, staff, and governing board in September, 2012:
of the US liberal arts college that emphasizes the sense of shared purpose in a small college and particularly the sense that learning pervades the college, not just in the formal curriculum but also in informal and extra-curricular activities. The faculty as well as the students are devoted to continual learning, and one of the distinctive features of our curriculum is that it requires faculty members to extend their reach outside their own disciplines and teach in interdisciplinary teams.
Broadly speaking, we seek through our curricular and extra-curricular activities the following goals: an ambitious linking of living and learning designed so that conversations began in the classroom flow out into the rest of college life; an encouragement of civic engagement in the form of service off-campus as well as leadership of clubs and societies on campus; a college permeated by the arts so that students appreciate and themselves create music, visual art, film, theater; the encouragement of creativity and curiosity; and a sense of community among the students, staff, and faculty.
Ours is a fairly unique model in that we have developed the college as a partnership between two great universities. Yale and the National University of Singapore both have their roots in small colleges: Yale College, founded in 1701, and Raffles College, founded in 1928. NUS has grown into a major research university, widely considered one of the best in Asia, and has been extremely innovative in trying to maintain an intimate undergraduate experience through programs like University Town and the University Scholars Programme.
Yale has been a leader in liberal arts education since its founding and has articulated many of the principles of such education in influential reports published in 1828. Yale’s leadership has gradually expanded from being a regional school for training religious ministers to being a national educational leader in the nineteenth century and an internationally-known research university in the twentieth century. Yale-NUS gives Yale the opportunity to use its expertise in undergraduate education and its reputation in Asia to extend that educational leadership on a global scale. Some critics have suggested that Yale-NUS is nothing more than an exercise in “branding,” but this is far from the case: we are drawing on the expertise and experience of Yale faculty and administrators to work in partnership with Singaporean educators to create a vital new institution. Yale and NUS faculty worked together on all the founding committees, and we continue to draw on our founding institutions’ experiences and networks.
While the common curriculum resembles in some ways the core curricula at such US institutions as the University of Chicago or Columbia, it is understood much more broadly in a few respects: firstly, the students focus not only on the “great books” (although they will read those too), but also on a range of knowledge in science, social science, and quantitative reasoning, including the interpretation of large amounts of data. Whether or not a student goes on to major in science, she will have direct exposure to current scientific debates and will have experience with real research in labs or in the field. Secondly, the entire curriculum is designed around the fact of our location in Asia, so that in literature and humanities, for example, we read classics of the Western tradition in conversation with Asian classics, and in an introductory course on the social sciences we pay particular attention to the multitude of social institutions in Asia and how they compare with those in the West.
While we are conscious of educating our students in Asia, we also feel that we are educating them for life in an interconnected world. The late CEO of Apple, Steve Jobs, advocated for the value of a liberal arts education: “We’re not just a tech company...it’s the marriage of technology plus the humanities and the liberal arts that distinguishes Apple.” Likewise, Norm Augustine, former CEO of Lockheed Martin and former undersecretary of the Army, has argued that an education in history is particularly important not just for critical thinking and research skills but also to be able to understand other cultures and one’s own and to make judgments about the future. These are among many business leaders who recognize the contribution of liberal education to developing young people not only into skilled workers but also into global citizens capable of leadership in a complex and interdependent world.
The Ivy League and other major private research universities continue to provide intensive liberal arts education of the kind I have described, but it is expensive, and only a few institutions are able to meet the full need of all admitted students for financial aid. The traditional liberal arts colleges like Wellesley, Amherst, Swarthmore, and Pomona reach only a tiny fraction of the population.
The great public universities, which in the past aimed to provide a similar kind of education at a much lower price, have suffered from underinvestment by state governments.
There is pressure everywhere for education to be more technically or vocationally focused. But I believe that the US educational system has been so successful because it allows students the freedom to study broadly, it educates them not just in technical or vocational skills, but in creative thinking and active learning, and it provides a strong sense of community at a time in students’ lives when they are trying to discover themselves and imagine their futures.
During the last generation, the United States looked over its shoulder at the rapid economic and political rise of Asia. Now, Asians are seeing value in an educational system that some US citizens have questioned. The United States should take inspiration from the new Asian attention to liberal arts as an opportunity to renew and reinvigorate its own educational traditions.
The diploma courses are only important when you need specific branches of a computer, such as increasing career skills. Then, be careful...
Giegengacks, Gigengacks and Geigengacks live all over the world, and they are all related. The roots of the Giegengack family are in Kleinschmalkalden, a little village in Thüringen, in the green heart of Germany. Join us in our search for our ancestry and explore the stories on this website, about different family branches, the meaning of the name Giegengack and about Kleinschmalkalden. But first, e-mail us your information, because as a Gi(e)gengack, you belong in the family tree! Have fun!
Tips, Tricks and Scripts to enhance your home automation and workaround known device bugs, limitations and incompatibilities
This module will enable you to control the Synology Surveillance Station through its Web API. It creates a virtual binary switch. Based on the provided credentials it will log in, send the given on/off command with the session ID and log off. This could be used to start and stop recording, switch on and off SSS notifications, etc. for complete command set please check the Synology Surveillance Station Web API manual. The format is left open to offer greater flexibility. Try the commands in a browser before using them here. Synology changed the web API so not all commands specified in its manual will work.
You could use this module as a start point to handle the login/session key handling and implement the snhapshot feature. The method is documented in the Synology SS manual, section 2.3.4.4
All his life he was the carousel man, travelling with and working in his beloved merry-go-round, day in and day out. Now, with the death of Tonnie Gigengack last Saturday the 13th of August 2016, this family tradition comes to an end. There is no successor found in the family to continue travelling with this carousel.
Tonnie Gigengack (77) died unexpectedly, just hours after he listened with his family to the beautiful carousel organ of which he was so proud. No matter how busy he was, he always took time to chat with us. We will miss him greatly.
This entry in the parish register of Roßdorf says that Johann Adam Giegengack and Anna Margaretha had a son baptized on March 26, 1750: Johann Valentin. The redeeming evidence that Johann Valentin Giegengack comes from Roßdorf.
Many have been searching in the past decades to find this lacking information. In 1972 Helmut Giegengack from Chemnitz wrote to Johan Gigengack in Holland: "I find it very interesting, what connection exists between the German and Dutch Giegengacks ... '. Johan had been searching the answers on this question already in 1954. More recently the tour group that visited Copenhagen in October 2008, was also looking for the 'Missing Link'. Eventually a tip from researcher Christian Hoske put us on the right track.
The churchbooks of Roßdorf (Thüringen) were found to contain the little pieces of information to finish the puzzle: the German, Dutch and American Giegengacks all come from Kleinschmalkalden.
In retrospect, we understand why it was so difficult to find the link. Namely, Moritz Giegengack from Kleinschmalkalden has moved around 1658 from Kleinschmalkalden to nearby Roßdorf. There he founded a large family. One of the descendants is Johann Valentin Giegengack who in 1771, being a young man, ended up as a soldier in Copenhagen. His son Johan Christian undertook a great journey starting in Denmark, through Germany and ending in the Netherlands. Johan Christian Gigengack is the ancestor of all Dutch Gigengacks.
There is still a wealth of material in the region Schmalkalden-Meiningen. To continue genealogical research your support is crucial. We therefore request you to sponsor further research with a contribution to our family bank account or by PayPal.
We are happy to inform you about an exciting new discovery done recently. Researcher mr Rainer König from Kleinschmalkalden found at our request that the name Gi(e)gengack appears in the records of conscript soldiers already in 1543! This is great news that we of course like to share with you.
Hire the Best Roofing Contractors in Dudley, MA on HomeAdvisor. We Have 615 Homeowner Reviews of Top Dudley Roofing Contractors. Get Quotes and Book Instantly.
Roofing Contractors in Dudley, MA. About Search Results. About Search Results. YP - The Real Yellow Pages SM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might ...
Hire the Best Asphalt Roof Repair Contractors in Dudley, MA on HomeAdvisor. Compare Homeowner Reviews from 6 Top Dudley Asphalt Shingle Roof Repair services. Get Quotes & Book Instantly.
See the most recommended roofers in Dudley, MA. Honest opinions shared by friends and neighbors. Want to find out who they refer? ... looking for a licensed/insured roof repair person. I have a leak near the chimney. Michelle K. replied: Dante Lanausse. Rich O. replied: Edwards roofing in Woodstock.
dudley, massachusetts (860) 281-4314 From our home in Dudley, MA, LJ Construction, Inc. has been providing roofing, siding and exterior construction services to Central Massachusetts and throughout New England.
Find the Best Dudley, MA Roofing Contractors on Superpages. We have multiple consumer reviews, photos and opening hours.
Roof Repair Contractors for Dudley, MA Repair of an actively leaking roof or recently damaged roof should be acted on quickly and properly to prevent leaks from causing serious water damage to your home.
Emergency Roof Repair Dudley MA Call Today for a FREE Estimate (857) 626-5568 Quality Roofing Pros is the most reliable emergency roof repair Dudley MA contractors that offers residential roofing and commercial roofing .
Dudley, MA Roofing Contractors 9 found. Compare local roofing contractors near you. Read client reviews, see homeyou ratings, and contact them directly.
Roofing in Dudley, MA Through the time we have been in business at JDR Roofing, we have developed a track record of excellence in Dudley, MA. One of the biggest reasons for this is that our staff in Dudley has been in the roof repair industry for decades, which enables us to ensure we have the expertise to satisfy our clients.
Cloudy with occasional rain...mainly in the morning. High 48F. E winds shifting to NW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near a half an inch. Locally heavier rainfall possible.
Partly cloudy in the morning followed by periods of snow showers later in the day. Some sleet may mix in. High 33F. Winds light and variable. Chance of snow 60%.
There is such a assortment of blogs and writing a blog websites nowadays that it is tough to make your website stand out from others. Here are a couple of thought-provoking ideas for you-
Locating the perfect theme or maybe writing about something you are interested in is the key to maintaining a blog or internet site. Having a theme makes it much simpler for you to entice internet users whether its a recently created blog or perhaps an old one that has to gain a greater viewers. By creating exclusive blog posts and write-ups just like no other blog will also help you maintain a long-term readership among world wide web aficionados. Making a indicate on the blogosphere is only the beginning after picking out the perfect theme you still have a lot of work to try and do.
Like every good book or movie the secret to having a great blog would be the idea behind the idea. Every successful writer started with an notion a great one. Actually you cant build a profitable website without one. Since there are many websites today who seek bloggers as their target audience the website owners do everything they can to achieve much more of their audiences attention than the others. New kindle dx To generate your website stand out from the rest of the blogging websites on the internet you would have to provide internet users with materials that will no other blogging internet site can provide or you could imitate what an previously popular website is progressing but in a more extraordinary way.
There are ways that you can find the perfect process to gaining your target audiences attention. Some of those is finding running a blog websites that have currently gained their readers consideration and using their website because guide to making yours identified and successful. Its also wise to think of ways to interest the interest of your readers hence reducing the rivalry. Character and personality is the key when it comes to looking after your readers interest. Putting a little of yourself to your blogging website will attract more readers because it adds up to your blogging and site-building websites uniqueness.
As soon as you come up with a great idea for ones blogging website get thought of the perfect concept and have given your blog some personality the next phase is making your blogs website known to other folks. Another important factor to look at when maintaining a site is the traffic or even the number of visitors you get per day. As they usually say first opinions last once you have enthralled a readers attention that individual will keep returning to your blogging website and maybe even receive others to visit your website as well. A good marketing and advertising plan will help you check the steps youre going to take to make your web site known.
Now that you are aware of the secrets of having a effective website you should today start thinking about the way you could make yours much more distinctive.Find ones niche and stay aimed at it.Best of all in addition to your great thoughts you could also get some other ideas from prosperous blogs and sites who have already built their mark around in the blogging globe. New kindle dx
So you have purchased your own Kindle. Now your question would likely be whats in store for me Your Kindle machine is capable of playing mp3s and at the same time browsing the internet through WiFi connection or 3G. Of course apart from the audio you could keep on your machine the key attraction within the solution is basically the storage ability for three500 e-books. The Kindle device dont just reads publications but another varieties of media from weblogs to newspapers for the most up-to-date bestsellers to date. The most beneficial point about this is you need not wait on queue for you to grab a duplicate of your looking at so you dont should worry about the book obtaining sold out given that it rarely will transpire. Just turn on both your Wi-Fi or your 3G and start downloading your e-books internet. Ahead of you start buying your kindle guides even though its possible youll obtain a glimpse of how the tale goes about by perusing the Kindle e-book assessments that goes in conjunction with each and every collection. Sharing books on kindle On high of that you may also see in concert with all the information from the guide the value variation and the way much youve saved by paying for the digital edition vs the paperback or hardcover. The e-books provided by Amazon for that Kindle machine are available in a wide choice from completely different genres. Youre assured that there is without a doubt a little something for you in their library of textbooks. From self-help readings to fictions to autobiographies there sure is one that could be on your liking. The kindle evaluations that arrive with every title are from several men and women of assorted walks of existence whore into perusing so you might be offered a good overview regarding how the e-book truthful with other readings. You will find numerous reviews for each title and often times they provide their quantitative rating to the guide in the use of stars. Considering that these guides are delivered instantly by wireless link that youre also spared with the headache of lining up on your own regional e-book stores to receive your copy. For anyone who is also unsure on which ebook to get and where exactly to start out looking it is easy to have faith in the reviews belonging to the readers and kind the choice by genre and by typical client rating score. Most of the Kindle books also have the Text-to-Speech characteristic activated consequently when there is a want in your case to let go of your respective machine you require not absolutely put down your studying. You can just turn on the volume and activate this function for that strategy to start studying for you the story. It feels like a person is telling you a bedtime story therefore you even possess the choice to control the pacing within the reading. So once again ahead of you start investing in e-books for your totally free Kindle textbooks you could like to go over the opinions provided. This will not only save you time but may also provide you with the truly worth of the expense.
In addition to this forum, our main website contains listings for Arrivals and Departures on the Clyde, historical information and articles related to the Clyde and details of Cruise Ship visits and much more.
I'm not necessarily saying that Stephanie Beatriz should crossover to being an action heroine but for anyone who has ever watched Brooklyn Nine-Nine: Imagine Rosa as The Crow.
Also: Forever and always, she'll be She-Hulk to me. Or, as a quick Google search reveals, the perfect America Chavez.
I'm going to posit that we don't remake the Crow until an idea comes around that's better than the original (which isn't a huge bar to rise above, by the way).
You can check on the status of your application by logging into the online application at any time during this process. You may also request an update regarding your application or the matching and selection process via email at [email protected] ...
When does one typically find out if one gets placed in a project? Anyone else apply for the upcoming cycle?
It depends on which locations you targeted, how many applicants are vying for the same project locations, and how good a fit your qualifications are. Keep in mind, there are about 100 projects worldwide and lots of applicants to sift through by the June application deadline. (That's about when you'll find out if you were selected for a project.) RELOs make the final decision since the US embassies administer the projects.
Anyway, I wasn't being flippant. My point is that you either check out the FAQs or contact the ELF program coordinators directly to find out your exact status rather than to wait here for experiences from ELF candidates who expect to head to Rwanda, Guatemala, Algeria, wherever, in late summer.
ELF applicants who bring experience from other areas (e.g., curriculum development, teacher training, ESP, online learning, test design, k-12 teaching, etc.) tend to stand out. Versatility counts.
I applied for the 2016/17 cycle by the priority deadline last November and still no word from ELF. When does one typically find out if one gets placed in a project?
Unless they're extremely behind in reviewing applications, if you were never interviewed, then you didn't make it into the pool of available applicants.
It is not uncommon for some folks to get picked up late in the game: May, June, and even July notifications are not unheard of. Keep your fingers crossed. I'd shoot Georgetown a quick email to inquire and to let them know you're still very much interested in filling a position.
I'd shoot Georgetown a quick email to inquire and to let them know you're still very much interested in filling a position.
Which is what I had suggested as well. Best to go to the source rather than spin your wheels wondering.
Do you think bringing a wife and small child affected my candidacy? Most of the ELF blogs I've found are single people
Yes, an accompanying person or dependent may join you for all or part of the fellowship period (10 months or less) unless otherwise stated in the project description. Please make sure to include information about your plans to travel with a dependent or accompanying person in your application. This information may help us facilitate a successful match. Your answers to these questions will not preclude you from being considered for the English Language Fellow Program, however you may not be considered for certain projects due to special country requirements or restrictions.
I am Canadian and I have a B.A. and an M.A. The degrees are not in English, TESL or Education. I am not TESL certified. I have two and a half years experience teaching english to children in South Korea. Is it possible to get a job in Saudia Arabia or another middle east country with these qualifications. Does anyone know of any solid recruiters for the area? Your help would be much appreciated.
You would stand a better chance with some certification. Teaching in Korea is not necessarily in itself a preparation for teaching in the Middle East. Check out the ads over on the job page and you will find that in KSA most recruiters are looking for relevant degree plus certification plus experience, preferably in the Middle East.
All of the contractors I know are fairly rigid in the demands for certifications and years of experience...minimum of 5 or 6 Years perhaps.
It seems I just saw an ad for a job at KFUPM that paid SQUAT...around what I am making in Texas after taxes. I am surrounded by beautiful women and good pork here, though///or is that beautiful pork and good women ? ?
Money at kfupm is not great. Long holkidays though. A friend has just been offered a job with one of the contractors at Aramco (Hothy ? Haka ? Whatever). it is $5,500 a month but he has to provide housing, tickets and health cover out of that.
JavaScript is disabled. For a better experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser before proceeding.
Super cool with the fact im broke, and needed like 3 weeks to get the money to him. poster came emaculate, and he's always super helpful on whats worth what and so on.
Got the firstbite cd sealed, with a gift*for anyone who read that*. The gift was a open gulakavich soilder which is fuck'n awesome. Once again emucualtely packed, and got in here in less than 5 days which is crazy considering it's from canada.
FAQ Search Memberlist� � Usergroups� � Register Profile� � Log in to check your private messages� � Log in
Enter this giveaway by posting your Steam profile link on this topic. The post number will be your entry number. You may only post ONCE or you will be disqualified. The draw will take place on 14 July 2018 using the random number generator at randomnumbergenerator.com.
All information here is Copyright 2012 by RadioReference.com LLC and Lindsay C. Blanton III.Ad Management by RedTyger
I would love to learn kiteboarding and try to foil. I saw info on the net about a kiteboard kit that has an aluminum foil and you can use for regular kiteboarding and foiling. Now I can't remember where I saw it. I am in SF East Bay.
Anyone have any advice? Any descriptions of your experience doing this? I guess the start up costs are board, foil, kite, rig, wetsuit. Am I missing anything? Are the initial costs the big cost or does it keep costing more and more? How long do kites/rigs last?
I was a pretty accomplished windsurfer and found kiteboarding to be a huge challenge. I tried taking it up just before turning 50 and things just never clicked for me. I imagine adding the foil into the situation really would raise the challenge. Big problem is that those kites can generate so much power INSTANTLY and the chances of injury are high enough without extra sharp foils and stuff attached to the board to further bodily damage.
A lot of your learning success on a kite board will depend on your previous experience. As you know there are lots of kiters in your area, so a trip to chrissy field on a nice windy day will gain you access to see the latest gear and experienced riders to talk to.
if you have a decent amount of board experience, ie skiing, wakeboarding, surfing, windsurfing etc.. then your learning curve will not be as steep.
I've been kiting about 10 yrs now and have most of it down pretty well, i'm just getting into the foiling thing and have just finished building a foil and board to start with. What i'm finding is the learning curve on the foil is much steeper, as you have to unlearn a lot of your natural tendencies from years of waterborne riding..
You might want to consider finding an "Airchair" and getting a feel for it first. Sure it is sit down but it will give you an idea of how to adjust the angle of attack my raising and lowering your hands on the tow handle. I've not tried it but been told that to lower your hands to bring the board tip up feels backwards at first.
That last link took me to this one which really makes me want to get off my butt and try the kitefoiling despite my earlier comments. Great footage but the intro makes me think of Matthew McConahay mumbling and twideling his fingers on those Buick ads.
I really recommend you get yourself down Baja this winter,, Ventana is a mecca with literally hundreds and hundreds of kiters through the winter months. The first big impression I got was just how many 'greyhairs' are in the sport, and how different it is to be in windculture without competition quite an amazing experience to have everyone open, friendly, sharing after many years in circuit racing.
Three weeks in Ventana will make it clear where you go from there. Lots of great deals on used gear if you're going deeper,, lots coca t'cheer yer up if you're not.
There's many schools to choose from, but I did well to land without anything booked, ask around, found a low-key guy,Bruce Sheldon who's based in Rio Vista in summer, Ventana in winter...pay him some coaching and you get the gear you need. Lots of friendly advice and assistance otherwise, and I'm sure many foils now as well.
Accommodation ranges from free waterfront camping in arroyo's, very fun culture, to campground to what-have-you.
As anewby, the biggest thing to set in your mind is that when things go pear-shaped, your reaction needs to be -opposite- the natural clutch-response!
What about starting on skis?? Was thinking of getting a cheepo setup and heading up to Dillon this wwinter. Is it easier to learn for an accomplished skier this way? Will skills translate to soft h20 after a season?? equipment??
I should get lessons, and get riding on the water to a good and confident level before attempting the Foiling Boards.
If you are fairly fit then at your age I would go for it, life is short enough as it is without making excuses and not doing something that you have set your heart on.
Any previous board related stuff will help, a bit, but expect to get a bit frustrated when learning. I have seen snow boarders, skiers, mountain boarders etc all make the same mistakes when learning to kitesurf.
Previous sailing experience is a big plus, for reading what the wind is doing...such as lifts and headers and gusts.
Come down to Crissy and ask us. We'll all tell you to learn to ride a twin tip and surf board first, although it would be an interesting experiment to skip that and go straight to foiling. It's hard on the body at first but once to get it it's sweet. There's a lot of us who race in our 40's and 50's so age isn't an issue.
Step 1: Buy a trainer power kite (1.5 to 3 square meters) and learn how to fly it. Practice simulated water starts/power strokes on land to learn how the kite creates power/apparent wind. Get REALLY good at flying this kite so that there's no doubt you can control a powered up kite once you move to a full sized version (approximately 10-15 hours of practice minimum)
Step 2: Find a nearby shop that provides professional lessons with jet-ski assist. When you get up and riding during your first few sessions you'll be unable to stay upwind, so having a jet ski to chase you down eliminates the walk of shame and allows you to focus on coordinating your kite skills with board skills. This sport is NOT something you can learn on your own, and unless you know a pro or have an instructor as a friend, I would not try to learn from a recreational kiter; having a professional instructor will help flatten the learning curve significantly. This is often a multi-day process.
Step 3: After you have learned how to get out and become a "self sufficient kiter" you should focus on a few core skills before trying to foil. Here's what I could do when I first grabbed a foil board:
-Know how to body drag EXPERTLY in low wind...this is the most important skill for foiling because you will be going out in much lighter wind on a foil board than with a twin tip kiteboard or surf board
-Use the kite to jump and be able to land safely with power in the kite. This takes about 6 months from the day you first grab a power kite, so it's not an expert level skill.
All said and done, I had about 18 months of kiteboarding under my belt when I first grabbed a foilboard. I learned on a Taaroa Sword 2 which is a high-end carbon fiber race foil. The biggest difference in this foil versus a free-ride or beginner foil is that it wants to go SUPER fast once you're out of the water and flying the foil. This means you're learning how to control the board at way higher speeds than if you buy a beginner or freeride foil. The crashes are harder and faster, but overall it's not really a different skill, it's just a different speed range to get the foil lifting you off the water.
All said and done, as an intermediate kiter it took me about 10 hours of practice with the foil before I was up and riding easily in both directions for full-length rides, i.e. not crashing unintentionally.
The feeling of accelerating when the foil engages is unlike anything I've ever felt, and I used to fly jets for the US Navy. It's absolutely insane. I've never done heroin, but given what I've been told, I think foilboarding is probably more addictive.
Get a season or 2 of kite skills before you jump to foiling. You really need a solid foundation of the aforementioned skills to be able to progress on the foil. Otherwise its all too much too fast.
I did the recommended route of learning to kite in baja then coming back and riding a direction board about 20x the next summer at crissy. Instead of jumping right to the foil- I rode the course board for the next season and developed some more skills. Finally after 2 full years kiting with about 50 session - I went back down to baja to learn to foil. It wasn't easy. This year Ive already doubled my kite time with about 50 session on the foil board. It really is amazing- like learning to windsurf all over again but you've got to be open to the process. You wont be making any foiling transitions on the board for at least the first year but you'll be learning to fly. There are many weeks when it doesn't seem like you're making any progress but time on the water is the key. Again its not easy but once you get it, its fucking unbelievable.
I often go back to the surfboard and kite to work on a certain set of skills before I can do it on the foil- ie footwork in a gybe, downlooping, tacking.
At the moment- 2 boards in my kite quiver- a surfboard and foil board and 8, 10 and 13m kites. In general- you''ll use smaller kites for foiling than you would on a surfboard.
Regarding cost- there's an initial cost to get it and if you continue to turn your equipment over ever season or 2 and reinvest the money into new gear- you can get by relatively cheaply. The gear is still evolving pretty rapidly and there's a good 2nd hard market. Cost isnt the big issue but time. How much time can you devote to it will determine how fast you get it.
The San Diego Union Tribune Forums - View Single Post - First charges filed in the Mueller investigation
It is all I can do. You and I both ended up voted for Hillary because of the awesome Electoral College your drinking buddy loves so much. People died for my right to vote. I'm not going to abuse it by voting for trash the way you did.
Again, people died for my right to vote. I'm not disgracing them by voting for people like President Joke. Sorry you think that is pathetic.
I vote for things. You vote against things. There are more people like you than like me. That's how we end up with Hillary and ***** Grabber.
If more people like you were like me, other candidates would be viable. Again, all I can do is vote. It is unfortunate you resent that fact so much.
Thanks for fighting for my right to vote, mom and dad and grampy (who all did), Bulls thinks voting for what I think is right is figuratively jerking off.
Sharp mind, eternal youth. I'll be the first to never die. Nice thought and I'm never gonna lose it.
Fighters looking like emcees - Members Who Liked Message #3 | Sherdog Forums | UFC, MMA & Boxing Discussion
Please Upvote - "Calling all DEVS" question on spectrum - General Questions & Chat - Tactical Advance
Need help and info. Have chance to pick up a 12 string Washburn, model D-25S 12/N, Ser # 8610116. Can anyone tell me how old the guitar is and what is worth? Guitar is in great shape but needs cleaned up and new strings. Appreciate any information. Thanks
The six-string D-25 ran 1985-2000; one of Washburn's longest-lived guitar models, ever. Looks like it could have had either a spruce or a cedar top. An unusual model in that very few quality Washie boxes were ever offered in sunburst (D-21, D-25, D-34), so if you have a 'burst that might push cost a little. Could be MIJ, or MIK. In any case, a decent (if underappreciated) guitar.
Ah, the valuation question. By "worth," that varies depending whether you want to know what you ought at most pay, OR what you can quickly sell it for when you snag it. FFI:
To give you a reasonably accurate number, you should probably tell me about the actual guitar, not a passing glance. How does it play? Is there any rattle/buzz? Is the neck straight? string height good? nut & bridge accurate? any separation at neck heel or bridgeplate? And are there any chips/dings showing wood? Does it have a Washburn hard case?
recent similar sales: few. (FWIW, sunburst seems to have no effect on price of six-string.) A 12 went for $350, but another is being ignored at $300. The six has sold for as little as $200.
point of interest -- though a "D" prefix, the D-25 is slope-shouldered, therefore a "southern jumbo" shape.
If near-perfect AND properly adjusted, with case, & you reallyREALLY want a nice 12-string for yourself, you might offer as high as $350.
Thanks Tony. Great information. This would be the first Washburn I have ever owned if I am able to buy it. It plays very good but needs new strings. Everything else looks good, but needs cleaned and polished. Neck looks straight and frets in good shape. String height is good and the nut & bridge look original with little to no wear. Pick guard is in good shape no scratches. There is a light spot in the finish on the neck to the top and behind the first fret. No case is included. Is electrified (just discovered that when checking out the strap posts) and the pickup mic works well. Owner said he has not touched the guitar for over 4 or 5 years. It has been stored in an old case (not included). I am an average player and a group of us old guys meet once or twice a week to pick and have fun. I have always liked the sound of a 12 string. Thought this would fit the bill if I could get it at the right price.
This section allows you to view all posts made by this member. Note that you can only see posts made in areas you currently have access to.
This is a placeholder page for Chris Popp, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Chris Popp.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Chris Popp. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Chris Popp. We created this page automatically in hopes Chris Popp would find it. If you are not Chris Popp, but are an alumni of Fossil Ridge High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Fossil Ridge High School	of Keller, Texas
The list contains 72 persons from Kleinschmalkalden that could be called up for military service (Wehrpflichtig). The estimated population at that time is 350. The conclusion is that our family lived in Kleinschmalkalden and Thüringen since the late Middle Ages and possibly longer. In our opinion it seems unlikely that we will find older sources. That makes this discovery even more special.
That time we also found another Giegengack in the same document. He is mentioned in the listing of the village Hergos (Herges, now part of Herges-Hallenberg, about 18 km south of Kleinschmalkalden):
From Helmut Giegengack we received an article written by Rainer König where a Valten Giegengak is mentioned. The story was based on a document from 1583 that, at the time it was discovered, was the oldest with the name Giegengack written in it. Later on we contacted Kleinschmalkaldens local historian Rainer König, and he sent us the photo he made from the original pages of the book 'Gerichtshandlungen Brottroda' (Jurisdiction in the town of Brotterode).
These two pages from the 'Gerichtshandlungen Brottroda' are about the lawsuit against the thief Hans Mahler, who had robbed Valten Giegengak. At the bottom part of the left page is written: 'Gefraget was sie denn Valten Giegengak in der Kleinschmalkalden aus dem Haus gestolen?'. Meaning: 'It was asked what they (the thieves) stole from the house of Valten Giegengak in Kleinschmalkalden'.
Picture made available by Sam Dellit, Australia. He visited the Schmalkalden archive in the summer of 2006.
According to Sam Dellit from Australia, who sent us this photo, in the books in the Schmalkalden archive 'there are numerous references to Giegengacks, including several years when a Giegengack was the official recorder'. He found three more Giegengacks on other pages of this Rechnungsbuch and that brings him to the conclusion that 'with 4 adult Giegengacks in Kleinschmalkalden in 1592, almost certainly takes the Giegengacks back to at least 1550 in Kleinschmalkalden'.
It is always special to find your family name in a document that's more than 365 years old. It's about the confirmation (Konfirmationen or aanneming) of three 14 year old boys in 1641 and 1642: Jörg, Moritz and Petter Giegengagk. Petter is one of the oldest ancestors of the German and the USA-lineage.
"It is Sunday, 21 April 1996, and I am now finally making a start with writing my story!" With these words Tom Coolman, born as Antonius Adrianus Maria Gigengack, starts his biography, about which he mentions: "This booklet intends to describe my journey in life." And: "The matters I write about are as close as possible to the way I spent my life with my family and friends; at least as close as I can possibly remember. You should know that I am not an author, just a Dutch migrant who has worked hard all his life. So please take the good with the bad when you try to read my scribbling."
Journalist Dewi Gigengack from Holland wrote the story 'Back to our roots' about the role of DNA in tracing her roots. The story was published in the seven Dutch regional newspapers of the Wegener Media group.
Dewi and her father Erik took part in the Genographic Project and they sent their DNA-samples to the lab.
Click on the image or click here to go to a readable pdf and read about mitochondrial Eve, Homo sapiens, the exotic haplogroup M and group M253 that could be of Norman Viking descent (article In Dutch only).
The Genographic Project is a multi-year research initiative led by National Geographic geneticist Dr. Spencer Wells. More info on the Genographic Project here.
In April 2010 we (Erik Gigengack and his family) visited New York. On that occasion we were invited at a wonderful Giegengack party in Brooklyn, NY. The location was the lovely house of Cath Teegarden, daughter of Lucie Giegengack-Teegarden.
So present at the party were the organizers Lucie and daughter Cath, Cath's husband Rick, their kids Becca and Margot; Bob Giegengack plus his daughter Katie; Mary Giegengack and her husband, John Jureller; Ed Giegengack and his wife Terry plus their sons Philip, Paul, and Danny; Bob White (Jane's husband) plus his daughter Liz; and the five from the Netherlands: Erik Gigengack and his wife Greta, their kids Guus and Dewi and her boyfriend Sander. Nancy George McNabb and her husband Alan had hoped to come, too, but couldn't make it.
We enjoyed the warm and interesting conversations and the great food prepared by Cath. Although we forgot to take pictures, we will long remember this sparkling family gathering.
The Germany-weekend in March 2010 started with the visit at Herbert (r.) and Käthe (l.) Gigengack in Bocholt. In the middle: Frans Gigengack from Hengelo. Wonderful stories were told.
From Bocholt the delegation of Gigengacks from the Netherlands went to Thüringen to visit Kleinschmalkalden. From left: John, Frans, Magdalene and Helmut (from Chemnitz), Frank, Erik and Ingo.
See the videos of the visit to Kleinschmalkalden, Schmalkalden and Bocholt in March 2010, made by John Gigengack.
All Giegengacks can send us their portrait picture and we'll place it at the website! Also the portraits of your parents, partner and kids are most welcome. Family members with profile photos on Facebook, Hyves etc., please send them to us! The photos will be a great resource for enlivening our family tree! The portraits in digital format can be e-mailed to: info[at]gigengack[.]nl
From left to right: Frank, John and Frans Gigengack. The København travelers visited the Garnisons Church, the Christians Church, the former Frederiks Hospital, the former Sølvgaden Kaserne, the Landsarkivet for Sjælland and the Arsenal Museum. But there also was time for a beer! Photo: Erik Gigengack (Hengelo, NL).
Interesting meeting with Karsten Skjold Petersen (left), senior research worker at The Royal Danish Arsenal Museum (Tøjhusmuseet). He - as an expert in social history of the recruited professional soldiers in Denmark - could tell a lot about Valentin Gi(e)gengack's life as a sergeant in the Danish army.
Four family members visited København from the 18th to the 21st of October 2008, to find tracks of one of our forefathers Valentin Gi(e)gengack.
Frans Gigengack, John Gigengack and Erik and Frank Gigengack (all from the Netherlands) visited the places where their oldest known forefather Valentin had lived and worked, where he was married, where his children were baptized and where he died.
Update: Since July 2012 we know that Valentin Giegengack descends from Moritz Giegengack who moved to to Roßdorf.
What is the meaning of the name Giegengack and where does it originate from? Is our family name of Celtic descent or is it Slavic? It could also be a normal German name. For sure it wasn't thought up by Dutch people, like the book 'Xenophobe's guide to the Dutch' said. But the editor removed that theory in the last edition of the book.
This is a picture of the Kermis in the Netherlands like it was in the old days. In the background is a carousel, the one that is in our family for a long time now. The Hengelo Branch of the Gigengack Family is in the Kermis Business for more than hundred years. An example: in 1874 the Gigengack carousel [draaimolen] was in the little town of Wijhe (Overijssel, the Netherlands) for the first time.
Here is a picture of the Gigengack Coat of Arms that we received from at least three family members during the first year of this website. The one showed here is from Marion and Peter van Dijk from New Zealand. (Marion is the daughter of Ettina Maria Gigengack from Haarlem, the Netherlands).
We are still searching for an answer about how long this coat of arms is used. It must be for 'some time' before registering. Also about the origin, meaning and use of the symbols, we look for further information. Please let us know if you have more information about the Gigengack Coat of Arms: Contact.
With the help of John Gigengack from Duivendrecht we show some books that have our family name in the title. Although the books are not really about (members of) our family, it is remarkable that these writers are inspired by our surname.
We like to thank the makers of this website for their permission to use this image at our site. Do you also have a nice photo of Kleinschmalkalden or another picture that tells something about our family? Send your response here: Contact.
The old Giegengack House in Kleinschmalkalden (Thüringen, Germany) that is build from wood. Photo Guus Gigengack, March 2004.
Your email address - this will be shown on the page and will allow the system to notify you of further comments added to this picture.
A.H. Stephens Historic State Park is a 1,177 acres (476 ha) Georgia state park located in Crawfordville. The park is named for Alexander Hamilton Stephens, the Vice President of the Confederate States of America, and a former Georgia governor.[2] The park contains Stephens' home, Liberty Hall, which has been fully restored to its original 1875 style. The park's museum houses one of Georgia's largest collections of Civil War artifacts. The park also offers several mill ponds for fishing and nature trails. Bedrock is a complex of granitic gneiss and granite on which deep soils of the Cataula and Cecil series have developed.[3][4]
The park is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as A.H. Stephens State Park. It includes four contributing sites, twelve contributing structures, and one other contributing object. It includes Colonial Revival and Rustic Style architecture.
The Liberty Hall, also known as Bachelor's Hall, built in 1834, is one of the structures on the site, and is separately listed on the NRHP.[5] It is currently a National Historic Landmark maintained by the Georgia Department of Natural Resources. A.H. Stephens bought the estate in 1845, and lived in its house until 1875, when he tore down the main structure to build Liberty Hall. The two-story "big house" is a traditional 4 × 4 with four rooms on each level.
Many of Stephens' books are housed in a smaller structure behind, where he spent much of his time after the war. After Stephens's death in 1883, Liberty Hall, owned by his surviving relatives, served as a boardinghouse until 1932, when it was donated to the state of Georgia. The vice president's grave is on the front lawn, beneath a marble statue in his honor.
The Atari Jaguar is a home video game console that was developed by Atari Corporation. The console is the sixth programmable console to be developed under the Atari brand, originally released in North America in November 1993. It is also the last Atari console to use physical media. Controversially, Atari marketed the Jaguar as being the first 64-bit video game console,[1] while competing with the existing 16-bit consoles (Sega Genesis and Super Nintendo Entertainment System) and the 32-bit 3DO Interactive Multiplayer platform (which launched the same year).
Development on the Atari Jaguar started in the early 1990s by Flare Technology. The console was released to test markets in New York City and San Francisco in November 1993 and to the general public in 1994. The Jaguar shipped with Cybermorph as the pack-in game.[12]
The multi-chip architecture, hardware bugs, and lacking developer support tools made game development difficult. Underwhelming sales further contributed to the console's lack of third-party support.[13] This, in addition to the lack of internal development at Atari, led to a games library comprising only 50 licensed titles + another 13 games on the Jaguar CD.
Atari attempted to extend the lifespan of the system with the Atari Jaguar CD add-on and marketing the Jaguar as the low-cost next generation console, with a price tag over $100 less than any of its competitors.[14] With the release of the Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation in 1995, sales of the Jaguar continued to fall, ultimately selling no more than 250,000 units before it was discontinued in 1996. The commercial failure of the Jaguar prompted Atari to leave the video game console market.
After Hasbro Interactive bought out Atari in the late 1990s, the patents to the Jaguar were released into the public domain, with the console being declared an open platform.[15] Since then, the Jaguar has gained a cult following, with a developer base that produces homebrew games for the console.[16]
The Jaguar was developed by the members of Flare Technology, a company formed by Martin Brennan and John Mathieson. The team had claimed that they could not only make a console superior to the Genesis or the Super NES, but they could also be cost-effective.[citation needed] Impressed by their work on the Konix Multisystem, Atari persuaded them to close Flare and form a new company called Flare II, with Atari providing the funding.[citation needed] Flare II initially set to work designing two consoles for Atari Corp. One was a 32-bit architecture (codenamed "Panther"), and the other was a 64-bit system (codenamed "Jaguar"); however, work on the Jaguar design progressed faster than expected, so Atari Corp. canceled the Panther project to focus on the more promising Jaguar.
The Jaguar was introduced in 1993 at a price of $249.99,[6] under a $500 million manufacturing deal with IBM. The system was initially available only in the test markets of New York City and San Francisco, under the slogan "Do the Math",[6] claiming superiority over competing 16-bit and 32-bit systems. A U.S.-wide release followed six months later, in early 1994.[18] Computer Gaming World wrote in January 1994 that the Jaguar was "a great machine in search of a developer/customer base", as Atari had to "overcome the stigma of its name (lack of marketing and customer support, as well as poor developer relations in the past)". The company "ventured late into third party software support" while competing console 3DO's "18 month public relations blitz" would result in "an avalanche of software support", the magazine reported.[19]
The Atari Jaguar struggled to attain a substantial user base. In 1993, Atari reported that it had shipped 17,000 units as part of the system's initial test market.[20] By the end of 1994, Atari reported that it had sold approximately 100,000 systems and had reduced the price to improve the competitive nature of the console.[21] By the end of 1995, Sony and Sega had entered the marketplace with competing consoles and Atari's sales declined rapidly. In Atari's 1995 annual report, it noted:
Jaguar sales were substantially below Atari's expectations, and Atari's business and financial results were materially adversely affected in 1995 as Atari continued to invest heavily in Jaguar game development, entered into arrangements to publish certain licensed titles and reduced the retail price for its Jaguar console unit. Atari attributes the poor performance of Jaguar to a number of factors including (i) extensive delays in development of software for the Jaguar which resulted in reduced orders due to consumer concern as to when titles for the platform would be released and how many titles would ultimately be available, and (ii) the introduction of competing products by Sega and Sony in May 1995 and September 1995, respectively.[22]
In addition, Atari Corp. had severely limited financial resources, and so could not create the level of marketing which has historically backed successful gaming consoles.[23]
In a 1995 interview with Next Generation, then-CEO Sam Tramiel declared that the Jaguar was as powerful, if not more powerful, than the Sega Saturn, and slightly weaker than the PlayStation.[24] Next Generation received a deluge of letters in response to Tramiel's comments, particularly his threat to bring Sony to court for price dumping if the PlayStation entered the U.S. market at a retail price below $300[aj 1] and his remark that the small number of third party Jaguar games was good for Atari's profitability (which angered Jaguar owners who were already frustrated at how few games were coming out for the system).[25]
The Jaguar's underlying hardware was crippled by a flaw in the CPU's memory controller, which prevented code execution out of system RAM.[citation needed] Less severe defects included a buggy UART.[citation needed] The memory controller flaw could have been mitigated by a mature code-development environment, to unburden the programmer from having to micromanage small chunks of code.[citation needed] Jaguar's development tools left much to the programmer's own implementation, as documentation was incomplete.[citation needed]
Design specs for the console allude to the GPU or DSP being capable of acting as a CPU, leaving the Motorola 68000 to read controller inputs. Atari's Leonard Tramiel also specifically suggested that the 68000 not be used by developers.[26] In practice, however, many developers used the Motorola 68000 to drive gameplay logic due to the greater developer familiarity with the 68000, bugs that made using the custom chips difficult, lacking developer support tools (particularly early on), and the adequacy of the 68000 for certain types of games.[26]
Atari Corp. tried to play down competing consoles by proclaiming the Jaguar was the only "64-bit" system. This claim is questioned by some, because the CPU (68000) and the GPU executed a 32-bit instruction-set, but sent control signals to the 64-bit graphics co-processors (or "graphics accelerators"). Atari Corp.'s reasoning that the 32-bit "Tom" and "Jerry" chips work in tandem to add up to a 64-bit system was ridiculed in a mini-editorial by Electronic Gaming Monthly, which commented that "If Sega did the math for the Sega Saturn the way Atari did the math for their 64-bit Jaguar system, the Sega Saturn would be a 112-bit monster of a machine."[27] On the other side, Next Generation, while giving a mostly negative review of the Jaguar, maintained that it is a true 64-bit system, since the data path from the DRAM to the CPU and Tom and Jerry chips is 64 bits wide.[28]
By the end of 1995, Atari's revenues declined by more than half, from US$38.7 million in 1994 to $14.6 million in 1995.[10] In late 1995, Atari Corp. ran early-morning infomercial advertisements with enthusiastic salesmen touting the powerful game system. The infomercials ran most of the year, but did not significantly sell the remaining stock of Jaguar systems.[23] By November 1995, mass layoffs and insider statements were fueling journalistic speculation that Atari had ceased both development and manufacturing for the Jaguar and was simply trying to sell off existing stock before exiting the video game industry.[29][30] Though Atari Corp. continued to deny these theories going into 1996, core Jaguar developers such as High Voltage Software and Beyond Games stated that they were no longer receiving communications from Atari regarding Jaguar projects.[31] In its 10-K405 SEC Filing, filed April 12, 1996, Atari informed their stockholders of the truly dire nature of the Jaguar business:
From the introduction of Jaguar in late 1993 through the end of 1995, Atari sold approximately 125,000 units of Jaguar. As of December 31, 1995, Atari had approximately 100,000 units of Jaguar in inventory.[10]
The filing also confirmed the theory that Atari had given up on the Jaguar in late 1995, and in the subsequent months were concerned chiefly with liquidating its inventory of Jaguar products.[10][32] On April 8, 1996, Atari Corp. merged with JT Storage in a reverse takeover.[33]
Jaguar is a custom chip set primarily intended to be the heart of a very high-performance games/leisure computer. It may also be used as a graphics accelerator in more complex systems, and applied to workstation and business uses. As well as a general purpose CPU, Jaguar contains four processing units. These are the Object Processor, Graphics Processor, Blitter, and Digital Sound Processor. Jaguar provides these blocks with a 64-bit data path to external memory devices, and is capable of a very high data transfer rate into external dynamic RAM.
Graphics processing unit (GPU) – 32-bit RISC architecture, 4 KB internal RAM, all graphical effects are software-based.
Blitter – 64-bit high speed logic operations, z-buffering and Gouraud shading, with 64-bit internal registers.
Atari Games licensed the Atari Jaguar's chipset for use in its arcade games. The system, named COJAG (for "Coin-Op Jaguar"), replaced the 68000 with a 68020 or MIPS R3000-based CPU (depending on the board version), added more RAM, a full 64-bit wide ROM bus (Jaguar ROM bus being 32-bit), and optionally a hard drive (some titles such as Freeze are ROM only). It ran the lightgun games Area 51 and Maximum Force, which were released by Atari as dedicated cabinets or as the Area 51/Maximum Force combo machine. Other games (3 On 3 Basketball; Fishin' Frenzy; Freeze; Vicious Circle) were developed but never released.
The Atari Jaguar Duo was a proposed console similar to the TurboDuo and Genesis CDX. It was an attempt by Atari to combine the Atari Jaguar and Atari Jaguar CD to make a new console. A prototype model, described by journalists as resembling a bathroom scale, was unveiled at the 1995 Winter Consumer Electronics Show,[37] but the console was cancelled before production could begin.[38]
The redesigned controller, dubbed the "ProController", included additional action buttons, and the JagLink peripheral added network styled play to compatible games.
Prior to the launch of the console in November 1993, Atari had announced a variety of peripherals and add-ons for the Jaguar to be released over the console's lifespan. This included a CD-ROM-based add-on console, a dial-up internet link with support for online gaming, a virtual reality headset, and an MPEG-2 video card.[39][40] However, due to the poor sales and eventual commercial failure of the Jaguar, most of the peripherals in development were scrapped. The only peripherals and add-ons released by Atari for the Jaguar were a redesigned controller, an adapter for four players, a CD console add-on, and a link cable for local area network (LAN) gaming.
The redesigned second controller for the Jaguar, the ProController by Atari, added three more face buttons and two triggers.[41] The controller was created in response to the criticism of the original controller that the console came with, which was said to not possess enough buttons for fighting games in particular. Sold independently, however, it was never bundled with the system after its release. A peripheral that allowed 4 controllers to be plugged into the console was also released. Dubbed the "Team Tap", it was released independently and as a bundle with White Men Can't Jump.[42] However, the Team Tap was only compatible with White Men Can't Jump and NBA Jam Tournament Edition.[43] Eight player gameplay with the Team Tap peripheral is also possible if a second Team Tap is plugged into the second controller port on the console,[42] but neither of the compatible games supports eight players.[41] Local area network multiplayer gameplay was achieved through the use of the Jaglink Interface, which allowed two Jaguar consoles to be linked together[41] through a modular extension and a UTP phone cable. The Jaglink was compatible with three games: AirCars, BattleSphere and Doom.
In 1994 at the CES, Atari announced that it partnered up with Phylon, Inc. to create the Jaguar Voice/Data Communicator. The unit was delayed and eventually in 1995 mass production was canceled all together, but not before an estimated 100 or so were made. The Jaguar Voice Modem or JVM, as it became known, utilized a 19.9kbit/s dial up modem and had the ability to answer incoming phone calls and store up to 18 phone numbers. Players were required to directly dial each other for online game play. The only Jaguar game that supports the JVM is Ultra Vortek; the modem is initialized in the Ultra Vortek start up screen by entering 911 on the key pad.[44]
The Atari Jaguar CD is an add-on to the Jaguar that made use of CD-ROMs to distribute games. It was released in September 1995, two years after the Jaguar's launch. Twelve games were released for the system during its manufacturing lifetime, with more being made later by homebrew developers. Each Jaguar CD unit came with a Virtual Light Machine, which displayed light patterns corresponding to music, if the user inserts an audio CD into the console. It was developed by Jeff Minter, who had created the program after experimenting with graphics during the development of Tempest 2000.[45] The program was deemed a spiritual successor to the Atari Video Music, a system which served a similar purpose, released in 1976.[46]
An additional accessory for the Jaguar CD, which allowed Jaguar CD games to save persistent data such as preferences and saved games, was also released.[41] Known as the Memory Track, it was a cartridge that contained a 128 K EEPROM, and was to be inserted into the cartridge slot on the Jaguar CD while the user played a Jaguar CD game. The program manager for the Memory Track is accessed by pushing the option button while the system is starting, and exited by pushing the * and # keys simultaneously.[47] There were plans to make a second model of the Jaguar console that combined both the Jaguar and the Jaguar CD into one unit, a la the TurboDuo.[48] Originally codenamed the Jaguar III, and later the Jaguar Duo, the proposed model was scrapped after the discontinuation of the Jaguar.[49]
A virtual reality headset compatible with the console, tentatively titled the Jaguar VR, was unveiled by Atari at the 1995 Winter Consumer Electronics Show.[50] The development of the peripheral was a response to Nintendo's virtual reality console, the Virtual Boy, which had been announced the previous year.[51] The headset was developed in cooperation with Virtuality, who had previously created many virtual reality arcade systems, and was already developing a similar headset for practical purposes, named Project Elysium, for IBM.[52] The peripheral was targeted for a commercial release before Christmas 1995.[53] However, the deal with Virtuality was abandoned in October 1995.[54][55] After Atari's merger with JTS in 1996, all prototypes of the headset were allegedly destroyed. However, two working units, one low-resolution prototype with red and grey-colored graphics and one high-resolution prototype with blue and grey-colored graphics, have since been recovered, and are regularly showcased at retrogaming-themed conventions and festivals.[56][57] Only one game was developed for the Jaguar VR prototype: a 3D-rendered version of the 1980 arcade game Missile Command, entitled Missile Command 3D, though a demo of Virtuality's Zone Hunter was also created for Jaguar VR demonstrations.[55]
An unofficial expansion peripheral for the Atari Jaguar dubbed the "Catbox" was released by the Rockford, Illinois company ICD. It was originally slated to be released early in the Jaguar's life, in the second quarter of 1994,[58] but was not actually released until mid-1995.[59] The ICD CatBox plugs directly into the AV/DSP connectors located in the rear of the Jaguar console and provides three main functions. These are audio, video, and communications. It features six output formats, three for audio (line level stereo, RGB monitor, headphone jack with volume control) and three for video (composite, S-Video, and RGB analog component video) making the Jaguar compatible with multiple high quality monitor systems and multiple monitors at the same time. It is capable of communications methods known as CatNet and RS-232 as well as DSP pass through, allowing the user to connect two or more Jaguars together for multiplayer games either directly or with modems. The ICD CatBox features a polished stainless steel casing[59] and red LEDs in the jaguar's eyes on the logo that indicate communications activity. An IBM AT-type null modem cable may be used to connect two Jaguars together.[60] The CatBox is also compatible with Atari's Jaglink Interface peripheral.
An adaptor for the Jaguar that allows for WebTV access was revealed in 1998; one prototype is known to exist.
Reviewing the Jaguar just a few weeks prior to its launch, GamePro gave it a "thumbs sideways". They praised the power of the hardware but criticized the controller, and were dubious of how the software lineup would turn out, commenting that Atari's failure to secure support from key third party publishers such as Capcom was a bad sign. They concluded that "Like the 3DO, the Jaguar is a risky investment – just not quite as expensive."[61]
The small size and poor quality of the Jaguar's game library became the most commonly cited reason for its failure in the marketplace. The pack-in game Cybermorph, despite being an impressive polygonal game for its time, was criticized for design flaws and a weak color palette, and compared unfavorably with the SNES's Star Fox. Other early releases like Trevor McFur in the Crescent Galaxy, Raiden, and Evolution: Dino Dudes also received poor reviews, the latter two for failing to take full advantage of the Jaguar's hardware. Jaguar did eventually earn praise with titles such as Tempest 2000, Doom, and Wolfenstein 3D.[63] The most successful title during the Jaguar's first year was Alien vs. Predator.[64] Both Alien vs. Predator and Tempest 2000 were named among the system's defining titles by GamePro in 2007.[6] However, these occasional successes were seen as insufficient while the Jaguar's competitors were receiving a continual stream of critically acclaimed software; GamePro concluded their rave review of Alien vs.Predator by remarking "If Atari can turn out a dozen more games like AvP, Jaguar owners could truly rest easy and enjoy their purchase."[65] In a late 1995 review of the Jaguar, Next Generation commented that "thus far, Atari has spectacularly failed to deliver on the software side, leaving many to question the actual quality and capability of the hardware. With only one or two exceptions – Tempest 2000 is cited most frequently – there have just been no truly great games for the Jaguar up to now." They further noted that while Atari is well known by older gamers, the company had much less overall brand recognition than Sega, Sony, Nintendo, or even The 3DO Company. However, they argued that with its low price point, the Jaguar might still compete if Atari could improve the software situation. They gave the system two out of five stars.[28] With such a small library of games[66] to challenge the incumbent 16-bit game consoles, Jaguar's appeal never grew beyond a small gaming audience. Digital Spy commented: "Like many failed hardware ventures, it still maintains something of a cult following but can only be considered a misstep for Atari."[67]
In 2006 IGN editor Craig Harris rated the standard Jaguar controller as the worst game controller ever, criticizing the unwarranted recycling of the 1980s "phone keypad" format and the small number of action buttons, which he found particularly unwise given that Atari was actively trying to court fighting game fans to the system.[68] Ed Semrad of Electronic Gaming Monthly commented that many Jaguar games gratuitously used all of the controller's phone keypad buttons, making the controls much more difficult than they needed to be.[69] GamePro's The Watch Dog remarked, "The controller usually doesn't use the keypad, and for games that use the keypad extensively (Alien vs. Predator, Doom), a keypad overlay is used to minimize confusion. But yes, it is a lot of buttons for nuttin'."[70] Atari added more action buttons for its Pro Controller, to improve performance in fighting games in particular.[71][72]
After the Atari Corporation properties were bought out by Hasbro Interactive in the late 1990s, Hasbro released the rights to the Jaguar, declaring the console an open platform and opening the doors for homebrew development.[15][16] A few developers, including Telegames[73] and Songbird Productions, released previously unfinished materials from the Jaguar's past and several brand new titles to satisfy the system's cult following.
In the United Kingdom in 2001, a deal was struck between Telegames and retailer Game to bring the Jaguar to Game's retail outlets. The machine was initially sold for £29.99 brand new and software prices ranged between £9.99 for more common games such as Doom and Ruiner Pinball, and £39.99 for more sought-after releases such as Defender 2000 and Checkered Flag. The machine had a presence in the stores until 2007 when remaining consoles were sold off for £9.99 and games were sold for as low as 97p.[citation needed]
Imagin Systems, a manufacturer of dental imaging equipment, has since purchased the molding plates for the Jaguar's casing as with minor modification they were found to be the right size for housing their HotRod camera.[74] The game cartridge molds were reused to create an optional memory expansion card.[75]
In December 2014, the molds for the console and cartridges were purchased from Imagin Systems by Mike Kennedy, owner of the Kickstarter funded Retro Videogame Magazine, to propose a new crowdfunded video game console called the Retro VGS,[76] later rebranded the Coleco Chameleon[77] after entering a licensing agreement with Coleco. The purchase of the molds from Imagin Systems was far cheaper than designing and manufacturing entirely new molds, and Kennedy described their acquisition as "the entire reason [the Retro VGS] is possible".[78] However, the project was terminated in March 2016 following criticism of Kennedy[79] and doubts regarding demand for the proposed console. Two "prototypes" were discovered to be fakes and Coleco withdrew from the project.[80] After the project's termination, the molds were sold to Albert Yarusso, the founder of the AtariAge website.[81]
Contiki, portable operating system, including a port for the Jaguar with GUI, TCP/IP and web browser support.
^ Many readers found this threat hollow and hypocritical, since Tramiel noted in the same interview that Atari were themselves selling the Jaguar at a loss. However, as noted by the editor in response to the letters, price dumping does not have to do with a product being priced below cost, but its being priced much lower in one country than another (which, as Tramiel said, is illegal). Tramiel and Next Generation agreed that the PlayStation's Japanese price converts to approximately $500.
^ a b "Hasbro Releases Jaguar Publishing Rights". Hasbro Interactive. Retrieved May 14, 2008. Beverly, MA (May 14, 1999) – Leading entertainment software publisher, Hasbro Interactive announced today it has released all rights that it may have to the vintage Atari hardware platform, the Jaguar.
^ a b Goss, Patrick. "Redundant gadgets (Atari Jaguar entry)". Archived from the original on October 11, 2007. Retrieved October 23, 2007.
^ "Letters". Next Generation. No. 4. Imagine Media. April 1995. p. 107. The fact is that occasionally products do launch in some 'test' markets before making it national. Atari's Jaguar is a prime example (it was available in San Francisco and New York six months before anywhere else).
^ a b Thomas, Don (December 1996). "Atari's Historic Road to Nowhere". Next Generation. No. 24. Imagine Media. pp. 97–104.
^ a b Joe Venor (2009). "What's this "Lay off the 68k" and "GPU in Main" Malarkey? (TECHNICAL)". The Owl Project. Retrieved 18 February 2018.
^ a b "Which Game System is the Best!?". Next Generation. No. 12. Imagine Media. December 1995. pp. 36–85.
^ "Atari Drops Jaguar?". Next Generation. No. 13. Imagine Media. January 1996. p. 21. Then in November, UK newspaper The Sunday Times ... put forward that Atari plans to give up on the Jaguar in favor of PC development ... The Sunday Times article is not the only piece of speculation regarding Atari's commitment to hardware to have appeared in the media over the last two weeks.
^ "Atari and JT Storage Reorganisation Plan". One Cle. Archived from the original on December 9, 2006. Retrieved November 25, 2006.
^ Vinciguerra, Robert. "A Complete History of Online Console Gaming in the United States". The Rev. Rob Times. RevRob.com. Archived from the original on October 14, 2014. Retrieved December 5, 2007.
^ "Nintendo introduces video game players to three-dimensional worlds with new virtual reality video game system". Business Wire / Planet Virtual Boy. November 14, 1994. Retrieved June 10, 2015.
^ Dye, Lee (February 22, 1995). "The Cutting Edge: COMPUTING / TECHNOLOGY / INNOVATION : Virtual Reality Applications Expand : Imaging: Technology is finding important places in medicine, engineering and many other realms". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 10, 2015.
^ Plafke, James (January 23, 2013). "Atari Jaguar had a VR headset?! One of the two left intact is up for auction". Geek.com. Ziff Davis Media. Retrieved June 10, 2015.
^ "GameFan's 2nd Annual Megawards". GameFan. No. Volume 2, Issue 2. Shinno Media. January 1994. p. 58. Best New System: Winner: The Atari Jaguar
^ "Review Crew: Syndicate". Electronic Gaming Monthly. No. 69. Sendai Publishing. April 1995. p. 38.
^ "Tidbits...". Electronic Gaming Monthly. No. 94. Ziff Davis. May 1997. p. 24. Atari Jaguar game maker Telegames refuses to desert loyal owners of the 64-Bit machine ... and remains the lone third-party publisher. The company has six new games in the works, according to its online site ...
^ "HotRod" (PDF). Imagin. Archived from the original (PDF) on November 17, 2010. Retrieved October 24, 2010.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on July 29, 2015. Retrieved 2015-07-31. CS1 maint: Archived copy as title (link)
Breakthrough Listen is a science-based program to search for intelligent extraterrestrial communications in the Universe.[1][2] With $100 million in funding and thousands of hours of dedicated telescope time on state-of-the-art facilities,[3] it is the most comprehensive search for alien communications to date.[1][4] The project began in January 2016, and is expected to continue for 10 years[5]. It is a component of Yuri Milner's Breakthrough Initiatives program. The science program for Breakthrough Listen is based at Berkeley SETI Research Center[6][7], located in the Astronomy Department[8] at the University of California, Berkeley.
The project uses radio wave observations from the Green Bank Observatory and the Parkes Observatory, and visible light observations from the Automated Planet Finder.[9] Targets for the project include one million nearby stars and the centers of 100 galaxies. All data generated from the project are available to the public, and [email protected] is used for some of the data analysis. The first results were published in April 2017, with further updates expected every 6 months.[10]
The project aims to discover signs of extraterrestrial civilizations by searching stars and galaxies for radio signals and laser transmissions. The search for radio signals is carried out on the Green Bank Telescope in the Northern Hemisphere and the Parkes Telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. The Green Bank Telescope is the world's largest steerable radio telescope, and the Parkes Telescope is the second largest telescope in the Southern Hemisphere.[11][12]
Together, the radio telescopes will cover ten times more sky than previous searches and scan the entire 1-to-10 GHz range, the so-called "quiet zone" in the spectrum where radio waves are unobscured by cosmic sources or Earth's atmosphere.[13]
The radio telescopes are sensitive enough to detect "Earth-leakage" levels of radio transmission from stars within 5 parsecs,[14] and can detect a transmitter of the same power as a common aircraft radar from the 1,000 nearest stars.[15] The Green Bank Telescope began operations in January 2016, with the Parkes Telescope due to join it in October 2016.[14] The FAST radiotelescope in China also joined forces in October 2016 with the Breakthrough Initiatives to launch a coordinated search, including the rapid sharing of promising new signals for additional observation and analysis.[16]
The search for optical laser transmissions is carried out by the Automated Planet Finder of Lick Observatory.[17] The telescope has the sensitivity to detect a 100 watt laser from a star 25 trillion miles (4.25 light years) away.[15]
Physicist Stephen Hawking was among the scientists who co-signed an open letter of support for Breakthrough Listen.
Breakthrough Listen was announced to the public on July 20, 2015 (the anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing) by Milner at London's Royal Society. The event was flanked by scientists such as Frank Drake, who is known for the Drake equation that estimates the number of detectable alien civilizations, and Geoff Marcy, an astronomer who has helped find hundreds of exoplanets.[18] The announcement included an open letter co-signed by multiple scientists, including physicist Stephen Hawking, expressing support for an intensified search for alien life.[1][19] During the public launch, Hawking said:
"In an infinite Universe, there must be other life. There is no bigger question. It is time to commit to finding the answer."[1]
The project is the most comprehensive search for alien communications to date.[1] It is estimated that the project will generate as much data in one day as previous SETI projects generated in one year.[1] Compared to previous programs, the radio surveys cover 10 times more of the sky, at least 5 times more of the radio spectrum, and work 100 times faster.[20] The optical laser survey is also the deepest and broadest search in history.[20]
Andrew Siemion, director of the Berkeley SETI Research Center at the University of California, Berkeley, describes that "We would typically get 24–36 hours on a telescope per year, but now we'll have thousands of hours per year on the best instruments...It's difficult to overstate how big this is. It's a revolution."[21]
As of April 2016, the targets for the radio search with the Green Bank Radio Telescope in the Northern Hemisphere include the following:[14]
Center regions of at least 100 nearby galaxies, including spiral galaxies, elliptical galaxies, dwarf galaxies and irregular galaxies
The Parkes Radio Telescope will cover similar targets in the Southern Hemisphere from 1–4 GHz, and also the galactic plane and center.[14]
The targets for the Automated Planet Finder will closely match those of the Green Bank radio search, with small adjustments due to the telescope's much smaller field of view.[14]
While the telescopes are observing, the current targets of the Green Bank Radio Telescope and the Automated Planet Finder can be viewed live at the Berkeley Seti Research Center.
In January 2017, the project published its initial targets, which are the 60 nearest stars and a further 1649 stars which are the closest representatives of each spectral type[22]. The initial targets also include 123 galaxies which cover all morphological types of galaxies[22].
In December 2017, Harvard University Astronomy Professor Avi Loeb, an adviser to the Breakthrough Listen Project, cited interstellar asteroid ʻOumuamua's unusually elongated shape as one of the reasons why the Green Bank Telescope would listen for radio emissions from it to see if there were any unexpected signs that it might be of artificial origin,[23] although earlier limited observations by other radio telescopes such as the SETI Institute's Allen Telescope Array had produced no such results.[24]
Analyzing radio observations for possible signals requires intensive data analysis to cover all of the possible signal types. To carry out an in-depth search, the data recorder at the Green Bank telescope has been significantly upgraded[25]. The system records 6Ghz of bandwidth at 24GB of data per second, making it among the highest data rate recording systems in radio astronomy, and there is a plan to double its capabilities in the near future[25]. Once this data has been recorded, it is analysed for signals using a computing cluster with 64 GTX 1080 GPUs.[25]
All data generated from Breakthrough Listen project will be open to the public.[26] The data is uploaded on the initiative's Open Data Archive, where any user can download it for software analysis. Breakthrough Initiatives are developing open source software to assist users in understanding and analyzing the data, which are available on GitHub under UCBerkeleySETI.[26]
The data is also processed by the [email protected] volunteer computer network, with the first batch of data being made available to [email protected] in April 2016.[27]
The project is funded with $100 million from Yuri Milner.[28] One third of this funding will be used to purchase telescope time.[29] So far, the project has signed contracts for around 20 percent of the time on the Green Bank Telescope for the next five years, and 25 percent of the time on the Parkes Telescope.[11][30] Another third will be used for the development of new equipment to receive and process potential signals,[29] and the final third will be used to hire astronomy staff.[31]
Frank Drake, chairman emeritus, SETI Institute; professor emeritus of astronomy and astrophysics, University of California, Santa Cruz; founding director, National Astronomy and Ionosphere Center; former Goldwin Smith Professor of Astronomy, Cornell University.
Ann Druyan, creative director of the Voyager Interstellar Message, NASA Voyager; co-founder and CEO, Cosmos Studios; Emmy Award- and Peabody Award-winning writer and producer.
Dan Werthimer, co-founder and chief scientist of the [email protected] project; director of SERENDIP; principal investigator for CASPER.
In April 2017, the project released its first set of results, covering the observations of 692 nearby stars at frequencies from 1.1-1.9Ghz (the L-band).[10][33] These observations included 11 events which passed the threshold for significance, but it was concluded that they were all consistent with radio frequency interference.[33] A summary of the observations and the raw data relating to them has been published online. The project plans to continue publishing updated results approximately every 6 months.[10]
The project has begun at lower frequencies as these have a lower frequency range which is easier to record and process, and plans eventually to observe in a wide range of frequencies from 1.15Ghz to 93Ghz.[25]
On August 30, 2017, Breakthrough Listen said it picked a series of 15 radio bursts coming from a dwarf galaxy about 3 billion light years away.[34] Breakthrough Listen researchers said the possibility of source being extraterrestrial life can't be ruled out as yet. The radio emissions were detected by the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia. The source is FRB 121102 which was already known but the activity was vastly different in the latest findings.
^ Sample, Ian (20 July 2015). "Anybody out there? $100m radio wave project to scan far regions for alien life". The Guardian. Retrieved 20 July 2015.
^ Vella, Matt (21 July 2015). "Read the Inspiring 'Questions of Existence' Letter from the World's Greatest Thinkers". Time. Retrieved 21 July 2015.
^ Ian Sample (Science editor) (December 11, 2017). "Astronomers to check interstellar body for signs of alien technology". The Guardian. Retrieved December 12, 2017. Green Bank telescope in West Virginia will listen for radio signals from ‘Oumuamua, an object from another solar system ... "Most likely it is of natural origin, but because it is so peculiar, we would like to check if it has any sign of artificial origin, such as radio emissions," said Avi Loeb, professor of astronomy at Harvard University and an adviser to the Breakthrough Listen project. "If we do detect a signal that appears artificial in origin, we'll know immediately." ... While many astronomers believe the object is an interstellar asteroid, its elongated shape is unlike anything seen in the asteroid belt in our own solar system. Early observations of ‘Oumuamua show that it is about 400m long but only one tenth as wide. "It's curious that the first object we see from outside the solar system looks like that," said Loeb.
^ Billings, Lee (11 December 2017). "Alien Probe or Galactic Driftwood? SETI Tunes In to ʻOumuamua". Scientific American. Retrieved 2017-12-12. So far limited observations of ‘Oumuamua, using facilities such as the SETI Institute's Allen Telescope Array, have turned up nothing.
Bulgaria, Serbia, Albania, Kosovo, Republic of Macedonia, Greece, Turkey, Ukraine, Moldova, Romania and among emigrant communities worldwide
Bulgarian /bʌlˈɡɛəriən/ ( listen), /bʊlˈ-/ (Bulgarian: български bǎlgarski, pronounced [ˈbɤɫɡɐrski]) is an Indo-European language, a member of the Southern branch of the Slavic language family.
Bulgarian, along with the closely related Macedonian language (collectively forming the East South Slavic languages), has several characteristics that set it apart from all other Slavic languages: changes include the elimination of case declension, the development of a suffixed definite article (see Balkan language area), and the lack of a verb infinitive, but it retains and has further developed the Proto-Slavic verb system. Various evidential verb forms exist to express unwitnessed, retold, and doubtful action.
With the accession of Bulgaria to the European Union on 1 January 2007, Bulgarian became one of the official languages of the European Union.[9][10]
The Prehistoric period covers the time between the Slavonic migration to the eastern Balkans (c. 7th century CE) and the mission of Saints Cyril and Methodius to Great Moravia in the 860s.
Old Bulgarian (9th to 11th centuries, also referred to as "Old Church Slavonic") – a literary norm of the early southern dialect of the Common Slavic language from which Bulgarian evolved. Saints Cyril and Methodius and their disciples used this norm when translating the Bible and other liturgical literature from Greek into Slavic.
Middle Bulgarian (12th to 15th centuries) – a literary norm that evolved from the earlier Old Bulgarian, after major innovations occurred. A language of rich literary activity, it served as the official administration language of the Second Bulgarian Empire.
Modern Bulgarian dates from the 16th century onwards, undergoing general grammar and syntax changes in the 18th and 19th centuries. Present-day written Bulgarian language was standardized on the basis of the 19th-century Bulgarian vernacular. The historical development of the Bulgarian language can be described as a transition from a highly synthetic language (Old Bulgarian) to a typical analytic language (Modern Bulgarian) with Middle Bulgarian as a midpoint in this transition.
The Codex Zographensis is one of the oldest manuscripts in the Old Bulgarian language, dated from the late 10th or early 11th century
Bulgarian was the first "Slavic" language attested in writing. As Slavic linguistic unity lasted into late antiquity, the oldest manuscripts initially referred to this language was as языкъ словяньскъ, "the Slavic language". In the Middle Bulgarian period this name was gradually replaced by the name языкъ блъгарьскъ, the "Bulgarian language". In some cases, the name языкъ блъгарьскъ was used not only with regard to the contemporary Middle Bulgarian language of the copyist but also to the period of Old Bulgarian. A most notable example of anachronism is the Service of St. Cyril from Skopje (Скопски миней), a 13th-century Middle Bulgarian manuscript from northern Macedonia according to which St. Cyril preached with "Bulgarian" books among the Moravian Slavs. The first mention of the language as the "Bulgarian language" instead of the "Slavonic language" comes in the work of the Greek clergy of the Bulgarian Archbishopric of Ohrid in the 11th century, for example in the Greek hagiography of Saint Clement of Ohrid by Theophylact of Ohrid (late 11th century).
During the Middle Bulgarian period, the language underwent dramatic changes, losing the Slavonic case system, but preserving the rich verb system (while the development was exactly the opposite in other Slavic languages) and developing a definite article. It was influenced by its non-Slavic neighbors in the Balkan language area (mostly grammatically) and later also by Turkish, which was the official language of the Ottoman Empire, in the form of the Ottoman Turkish language, mostly lexically. As a national revival occurred toward the end of the period of Ottoman rule (mostly during the 19th century), a modern Bulgarian literary language gradually emerged that drew heavily on Church Slavonic/Old Bulgarian (and to some extent on literary Russian, which had preserved many lexical items from Church Slavonic) and later reduced the number of Turkish and other Balkan loans. Today one difference between Bulgarian dialects in the country and literary spoken Bulgarian is the significant presence of Old Bulgarian words and even word forms in the latter. Russian loans are distinguished from Old Bulgarian ones on the basis of the presence of specifically Russian phonetic changes, as in оборот (turnover, rev), непонятен (incomprehensible), ядро (nucleus) and others. As usual in such[which?] cases, many other loans from French, English and the classical languages have subsequently entered the language as well.
Modern Bulgarian was based essentially on the Eastern dialects of the language, but its pronunciation is in many respects a compromise between East and West Bulgarian (see especially the phonetic sections below). Following the efforts of some figures of the National awakening of Bulgaria (most notably Neofit Rilski and Ivan Bogorov),[11] there had been many attempts to codify a standard Bulgarian language; however, there was much argument surrounding the choice of norms. Between 1835 and 1878 more than 25 proposals were put forward and "linguistic chaos" ensued.[12] Eventually the eastern dialects prevailed,[13] and in 1899 the Bulgarian Ministry of Education officially codified[12] a standard Bulgarian language based on the Drinov-Ivanchev orthography.[13]
The language is mainly split into two broad dialect areas, based on the different reflexes of the Common Slavic yat vowel (Ѣ). This split, which occurred at some point during the Middle Ages, led to the development of Bulgaria's:
the former yat is pronounced "e" in all positions. e.g. млеко (mlekò) – milk, хлеб (hleb) – bread.[14]
The literary language norm, which is generally based on the Eastern dialects, also has the Eastern alternating reflex of yat. However, it has not incorporated the general Eastern umlaut of all synchronic or even historic "ya" sounds into "e" before front vowels – e.g. поляна (polyana) vs. полени (poleni) "meadow – meadows" or even жаба (zhaba) vs. жеби (zhebi) "frog – frogs", even though it co-occurs with the yat alternation in almost all Eastern dialects that have it (except a few dialects along the yat border, e.g. in the Pleven region).[15]
svyat (holy) [adj.] → svetètz (saint); svetìlishte (sanctuary), etc. (in this example, ya/e comes not from historical yat but from small yus (ѧ), which normally becomes e in Bulgarian, but the word was influenced by Russian and the yat umlaut)
Until 1945, Bulgarian orthography did not reveal this alternation and used the original Old Slavic Cyrillic letter yat (Ѣ), which was commonly called двойно е (dvoyno e) at the time, to express the historical yat vowel or at least root vowels displaying the ya – e alternation. The letter was used in each occurrence of such a root, regardless of the actual pronunciation of the vowel: thus, both mlyako and mlekar were spelled with (Ѣ). Among other things, this was seen as a way to "reconcile" the Western and the Eastern dialects and maintain language unity at a time when much of Bulgaria's Western dialect area was controlled by Serbia and Greece, but there were still hopes and occasional attempts to recover it. With the 1945 orthographic reform, this letter was abolished and the present spelling was introduced, reflecting the alternation in pronunciation.
The third person plural pronoun and its derivatives. Before 1945 the pronoun "they" was spelled тѣ (tě), and its derivatives took this as the root. After the orthographic change, the pronoun and its derivatives were given an equal share of soft and hard spellings:
Sometimes, with the changes, words began to be spelled as other words with different meanings, e.g.:
In spite of the literary norm regarding the yat vowel, many people living in Western Bulgaria, including the capital Sofia, will fail to observe its rules. While the norm requires the realizations vidyal vs. videli (he has seen; they have seen), some natives of Western Bulgaria will preserve their local dialect pronunciation with "e" for all instances of "yat" (e.g. videl, videli). Others, attempting to adhere to the norm, will actually use the "ya" sound even in cases where the standard language has "e" (e.g. vidyal, vidyali). The latter hypercorrection is called свръхякане (svrah-yakane ≈"over-ya-ing").
Bulgarian is the only Slavic language whose literary standard does not naturally contain the iotated sound /jɛ/ (or its palatalized variant /ʲɛ/, except in non-Slavic foreign-loaned words). The sound is common in all modern Slavic languages (e.g. Czech medvěd /ˈmɛdvjɛt/ "bear", Polish pięć /pʲɛɲtɕ/ "five", Serbo-Croatian jelen /jělen/ "deer", Ukrainian немає /nemajɛ/[stress?] "there is not...", Macedonian пишување /piʃuvaɲʲɛ/[stress?] "writing", etc.), as well as some Western Bulgarian dialectal forms – e.g. ора̀н’е /oˈraɲʲɛ/ (standard Bulgarian: оране /oˈranɛ/, "ploughing"),[16] however it is not represented in standard Bulgarian speech or writing. Even where /jɛ/ occurs in other Slavic words, in Standard Bulgarian it is usually transcribed and pronounced as pure /ɛ/ – e.g. Boris Yeltsin is "Eltsin" (Борис Елцин), Yekaterinburg is "Ekaterinburg" (Екатеринбург) and Sarajevo is "Saraevo" (Сараево), although - because the sound is contained in a stressed syllable at the beginning of the word - Jelena Janković is "Yelena" – Йелена Янкович.
Until the period immediately following the Second World War, all Bulgarian and the majority of foreign linguists referred to the South Slavic dialect continuum spanning the area of modern Bulgaria, the Republic of Macedonia and parts of Northern Greece as a group of Bulgarian dialects.[17][18][19][20][21][22] In contrast, Serbian sources tended to label them "south Serbian" dialects.[23][24] Some local naming conventions included bolgarski, bugarski and so forth.[25] The codifiers of the standard Bulgarian language, however, did not wish to make any allowances for a pluricentric "Bulgaro-Macedonian" compromise.[26] After 1944 the People's Republic of Bulgaria and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia began a policy of making Macedonia into the connecting link for the establishment of a new Balkan Federative Republic and stimulating here a development of distinct Slav Macedonian consciousness.[27] With the proclamation of the Socialist Republic of Macedonia as part of the Yugoslav federation, the new authorities also started measures that would overcome the pro-Bulgarian feeling among parts of its population and in 1945 a separate Macedonian language was codified.[28] After 1958, when the pressure from Moscow decreased, Sofia reverted to the view that the Macedonian language did not exist as a separate language. Nowadays, Bulgarian and Greek linguists as well as some linguists from other countries still consider Macedonian dialects as Bulgarian.[29][30] Outside Bulgaria and Greece, Macedonian is generally considered an autonomous language within the South Slavic dialect continuum.[31] Sociolinguists agree that the question whether Macedonian is a dialect of Bulgarian or a language is a political one and cannot be resolved on a purely linguistic basis, because dialect continua do not allow for either/or judgments.[32][33]
In 886 AD, the Bulgarian Empire introduced the Glagolitic alphabet which was devised by the Saints Cyril and Methodius in the 850s. The Glagolitic alphabet was gradually superseded in later centuries by the Cyrillic script, developed around the Preslav Literary School, Bulgaria in the beginning of the 10th century.
Several Cyrillic alphabets with 28 to 44 letters were used in the beginning and the middle of the 19th century during the efforts on the codification of Modern Bulgarian until an alphabet with 32 letters, proposed by Marin Drinov, gained prominence in the 1870s. The alphabet of Marin Drinov was used until the orthographic reform of 1945, when the letters Ѣ, ѣ (called ят 'yat' or двойно е/е-двойно 'double e'), and Ѫ, ѫ (called Голям юс 'big yus', голяма носовка 'big nasal sign', ъ кръстато 'crossed yer' or широко ъ 'long yer'), were removed from its alphabet, reducing the number of letters to 30.
With the accession of Bulgaria to the European Union on 1 January 2007, Cyrillic became the third official script of the European Union, following the Latin and Greek scripts.[34]
Bulgarian possesses a phonology similar to that of the rest of the South Slavic languages, notably lacking Serbo-Croatian's phonemic vowel length and tones and alveo-palatal affricates. The eastern dialects exhibit palatalization of consonants before front vowels (/ɛ/ and /i/) and reduction of vowel phonemes in unstressed position (causing mergers of /ɛ/ and /i/, /ɔ/ and /u/, /a/ and /ɤ/) - both patterns have partial parallels in Russian and lead to a partly similar sound. The western dialects are like Macedonian and Serbo-Croatian in that they do not have allophonic palatalization and have only little vowel reduction.
Bulgarian has six vowel phonemes, but at least eight distinct phones can be distinguished when reduced allophones are taken into consideration.
The parts of speech in Bulgarian are divided in 10 types, which are categorized in two broad classes: mutable and immutable. The difference is that mutable parts of speech vary grammatically, whereas the immutable ones do not change, regardless of their use. The five classes of mutables are: nouns, adjectives, numerals, pronouns and verbs. Syntactically, the first four of these form the group of the noun or the nominal group. The immutables are: adverbs, prepositions, conjunctions, particles and interjections. Verbs and adverbs form the group of the verb or the verbal group.
Nouns and adjectives have the categories grammatical gender, number, case (only vocative) and definiteness in Bulgarian. Adjectives and adjectival pronouns agree with nouns in number and gender. Pronouns have gender and number and retain (as in nearly all Indo-European languages) a more significant part of the case system.
The plural forms of the nouns do not express their gender as clearly as the singular ones, but may also provide some clues to it: the ending –и (-i) is more likely to be used with a masculine or feminine noun (факти /ˈfakti/ 'facts', болести /ˈbɔlɛsti/ 'sicknesses'), while one in –а/–я belongs more often to a neuter noun (езера /ɛzɛˈra/ 'lakes'). Also, the plural ending –ове /ovɛ/ occurs only in masculine nouns.
Two numbers are distinguished in Bulgarian – singular and plural. A variety of plural suffixes is used, and the choice between them is partly determined by their ending in singular and partly influenced by gender; in addition, irregular declension and alternative plural forms are common. Words ending in –а/–я (which are usually feminine) generally have the plural ending –и, upon dropping of the singular ending. Of nouns ending in a consonant, the feminine ones also use –и, whereas the masculine ones usually have –и for polysyllables and –ове for monosyllables (however, exceptions are especially common in this group). Nouns ending in –о/–е (most of which are neuter) mostly use the suffixes –а, –я (both of which require the dropping of the singular endings) and –та.
Cases exist only in the personal and some other pronouns (as they do in many other modern Indo-European languages), with nominative, accusative, dative and vocative forms. Vestiges are present in a number of phraseological units and sayings. The major exception are vocative forms, which are still in use for masculine (with the endings -е, -о and -ю) and feminine nouns (-[ь/й]о and -е) in the singular.
In modern Bulgarian, definiteness is expressed by a definite article which is postfixed to the noun, much like in the Scandinavian languages or Romanian (indefinite: човек, 'person'; definite: човекът, "the person") or to the first nominal constituent of definite noun phrases (indefinite: добър човек, 'a good person'; definite: добрият човек, "the good person"). There are four singular definite articles. Again, the choice between them is largely determined by the noun's ending in the singular.[35] Nouns that end in a consonant and are masculine use –ът/–ят, when they are grammatical subjects, and –а/–я elsewhere. Nouns that end in a consonant and are feminine, as well as nouns that end in –а/–я (most of which are feminine, too) use –та. Nouns that end in –е/–о use –то.
The plural definite article is –те for all nouns except for those whose plural form ends in –а/–я; these get –та instead. When postfixed to adjectives the definite articles are –ят/–я for masculine gender (again, with the longer form being reserved for grammatical subjects), –та for feminine gender, –то for neuter gender, and –те for plural.
Many of the English loanwords which have been adopted into the language since the end of communism, however, do not readily lend themselves to taking adjectival endings. This has caused an unprecedented shift in the language whereby, in certain cases, the adjective remains uninflected, while the noun following it takes the grammatical ending. Examples include –
This type of combination is sometimes favoured even when the possibility of a traditional phrase structure exists, e.g. –
In this case, the brand name "btv" cannot be inflected and, being a brand, remains in Roman script within the sentence.[38]
Both groups agree in gender and number with the noun they are appended to. They may also take the definite article as explained above.
Pronouns may vary in gender, number, and definiteness, and are the only parts of speech that have retained case inflections. Three cases are exhibited by some groups of pronouns – nominative, accusative and dative. The distinguishable types of pronouns include the following: personal, relative, reflexive, interrogative, negative, indefinitive, summative and possessive.
The Bulgarian verb can take up to 3,000[39][dubious – discuss] distinct forms, as it varies in person, number, voice, aspect, mood, tense and even gender.
Finite verbal forms are simple or compound and agree with subjects in person (first, second and third) and number (singular, plural). In addition to that, past compound forms using participles vary in gender (masculine, feminine, neuter) and voice (active and passive) as well as aspect (perfective/aorist and imperfective).
Bulgarian verbs express lexical aspect: perfective verbs signify the completion of the action of the verb and form past perfective (aorist) forms; imperfective ones are neutral with regard to it and form past imperfective forms. Most Bulgarian verbs can be grouped in perfective-imperfective pairs (imperfective/perfective: идвам/дойда "come", пристигам/пристигна "arrive"). Perfective verbs can be usually formed from imperfective ones by suffixation or prefixation, but the resultant verb often deviates in meaning from the original. In the pair examples above, aspect is stem-specific and therefore there is no difference in meaning.
In Bulgarian, there is also grammatical aspect. Three grammatical aspects are distinguishable: neutral, perfect and pluperfect. The neutral aspect comprises the three simple tenses and the future tense. The pluperfect is manifest in tenses that use double or triple auxiliary "be" participles like the past pluperfect subjunctive. Perfect constructions use a single auxiliary "be".
The traditional interpretation is that in addition to the four moods (наклонения /nəkloˈnɛnijɐ/) shared by most other European languages – indicative (изявително, /izʲəˈvitɛɫno/) imperative (повелително /poveˈlitelno/), subjunctive (подчинително /pottʃiˈnitɛɫno/) and conditional (условно, /oˈsɫɔvno/) – in Bulgarian there is one more to describe a general category of unwitnessed events – the inferential (преизказно /prɛˈiskɐzno/) mood. However, most contemporary Bulgarian linguists usually exclude the subjunctive mood and the inferential mood from the list of Bulgarian moods (thus placing the number of Bulgarian moods at a total of 3: indicative, imperative and conditional)[40] and don't consider them to be moods but view them as verbial morphosyntactic constructs or separate gramemes of the verb class. The possible existence of a few other moods has been discussed in the literature. Most Bulgarian school grammars teach the traditional view of 4 Bulgarian moods (as described above, but excluding the subjunctive and including the inferential).
There are three grammatically distinctive positions in time – present, past and future – which combine with aspect and mood to produce a number of formations. Normally, in grammar books these formations are viewed as separate tenses – i. e. "past imperfect" would mean that the verb is in past tense, in the imperfective aspect, and in the indicative mood (since no other mood is shown). There are more than 40 different tenses across Bulgarian's two aspects and five moods.
Present tense is a temporally unmarked simple form made up of the verbal stem and a complex suffix composed of the thematic vowel /ɛ/, /i/ or /a/ and the person/number ending (пристигам, priˈstigɐm, "I arrive/I am arriving"); only imperfective verbs can stand in the present indicative tense independently;
Past imperfect is a simple verb form used to express an action which is contemporaneous or subordinate to other past actions; it is made up of an imperfective or a perfective verbal stem and the person/number ending (пристигах /priˈstiɡɐx/, пристигнех /priˈstiɡnɛx/, 'I was arriving');
Past future tense is a compound form used to express an action which was to be completed in the past but was future as regards another past action; it is made up of the past imperfect of the verb ща /ʃtɤ/ ('will'), the particle да /dɐ/ ('to') and the present tense of the verb (e.g. щях да уча, /ʃtʲax dɐ ˈutʃɐ/, 'I was going to study');
Present perfect is a compound form used to express an action which was completed in the past but is relevant for or related to the present; it is made up of the present tense of the verb съм /sɤm/ ('be') and the past participle (e.g. съм учил /sɤm ˈutʃiɫ/, 'I have studied');
Past perfect is a compound form used to express an action which was completed in the past and is relative to another past action; it is made up of the past tense of the verb съм and the past participle (e.g. бях учил /bʲax ˈutʃiɫ/, 'I had studied');
Future perfect is a compound form used to express an action which is to take place in the future before another future action; it is made up of the future tense of the verb съм and the past participle (e.g. ще съм учил /ʃtɛ sɐm ˈutʃiɫ/, 'I will have studied');
Past future perfect is a compound form used to express a past action which is future with respect to a past action which itself is prior to another past action; it is made up of the past imperfect of ща, the particle да the present tense of the verb съм and the past participle of the verb (e.g. щях да съм учил, /ʃtʲax dɐ sɐm ˈutʃiɫ/, 'I would have studied').
The four perfect constructions above can vary in aspect depending on the aspect of the main-verb participle; they are in fact pairs of imperfective and perfective aspects. Verbs in forms using past participles also vary in voice and gender.
The conditional mood consists of five compound tenses, most of which are not grammatically distinguishable. The present, future and past conditional use a special past form of the stem би- (bi – "be") and the past participle (бих учил, /bix ˈutʃiɫ/, 'I would study'). The past future conditional and the past future perfect conditional coincide in form with the respective indicative tenses.
The subjunctive mood is rarely documented as a separate verb form in Bulgarian, (being, morphologically, a sub-instance of the quasi-infinitive construction with the particle да and a normal finite verb form), but nevertheless it is used regularly. The most common form, often mistaken for the present tense, is the present subjunctive ([по-добре] да отида (ˈpɔdobrɛ) dɐ oˈtidɐ/, 'I had better go'). The difference between the present indicative and the present subjunctive tense is that the subjunctive can be formed by both perfective and imperfective verbs. It has completely replaced the infinitive and the supine from complex expressions (see below). It is also employed to express opinion about possible future events. The past perfect subjunctive ([по-добре] да бях отишъл (ˈpɔdobrɛ) dɐ bʲax oˈtiʃɐl/, 'I'd had better be gone') refers to possible events in the past, which did not take place, and the present pluperfect subjunctive (да съм бил отишъл /dɐ sɐm bil oˈtiʃɐl/), which may be used about both past and future events arousing feelings of incontinence, suspicion, etc. and has no perfect to English translation.
The inferential mood has five pure tenses. Two of them are simple – past aorist inferential and past imperfect inferential – and are formed by the past participles of perfective and imperfective verbs, respectively. There are also three compound tenses – past future inferential, past future perfect inferential and past perfect inferential. All these tenses' forms are gender-specific in the singular. There are also conditional and compound-imperative crossovers. The existence of inferential forms has been attributed to Turkic influences by most Bulgarian linguists.[citation needed] Morphologically, they are derived from the perfect.
Adverbial participle (деепричастие) is usually formed from imperfective present stems with the suffix –(е)йки (четейки, 'while reading'), relates an action contemporaneous with and subordinate to the main verb and is originally a Western Bulgarian form.
The participles are inflected by gender, number, and definiteness, and are coordinated with the subject when forming compound tenses (see tenses above). When used in attributive role the inflection attributes are coordinated with the noun that is being attributed.
Bulgarian uses reflexive verbal forms (i.e. actions which are performed by the agent onto him- or herself) which behave in a similar way as they do in many other Indo-European languages, such as French and Spanish. The reflexive is expressed by the invariable particle se,[note 1] originally a clitic form of the accusative reflexive pronoun. Thus –
When the action is performed on others, other particles are used, just like in any normal verb, e.g. –
Sometimes, the reflexive verb form has a similar but not necessarily identical meaning to the non-reflexive verb –
In other cases, the reflexive verb has a completely different meaning from its non-reflexive counterpart –
When the action is performed on an indirect object, the particles change to si and its derivatives –
peya si – I am singing to myself, pee si – she is singing to herself, pee mu – she is singing to him
In some cases, the particle si is ambiguous between the indirect object and the possessive meaning –
The difference between transitive and intransitive verbs can lead to significant differences in meaning with minimal change, e.g. –
haresvam go – I like him, haresvam si go – no precise translation, roughly translates as "he's really close to my heart"
mislya – I am thinking (usually about something serious), mislya si – same meaning, but usually about something personal and/or trivial
The remaining adverbs are formed in ways that are no longer productive in the language. A small number are original (not derived from other words), for example: тук (here), там (there), вътре (inside), вън (outside), много (very/much) etc. The rest are mostly fossilized case forms, such as:
archaic locative forms of some adjectives, e.g. добре (well), зле (badly), твърде (too, rather), and nouns горе (up), утре (tomorrow), лете (in the summer);
derived from cardinal numerals by means of a non-productive suffix: веднъж (once), дваж (twice), триж (thrice);
Adverbs can sometimes be reduplicated to emphasize the qualitative or quantitative properties of actions, moods or relations as performed by the subject of the sentence: "бавно-бавно" ("rather slowly"), "едва-едва" ("with great difficulty"), "съвсем-съвсем" ("quite", "thoroughly").
Bulgarian employs clitic doubling, mostly for emphatic purposes. For example, the following constructions are common in colloquial Bulgarian:
The phenomenon is practically obligatory in the spoken language in the case of inversion signalling information structure (in writing, clitic doubling may be skipped in such instances, with a somewhat bookish effect):
In this case, clitic doubling can be a colloquial alternative of the more formal or bookish passive voice, which would be constructed as follows:
Clitic doubling is also fully obligatory, both in the spoken and in the written norm, in clauses including several special expressions that use the short accusative and dative pronouns such as играе ми се (I feel like playing), студено ми е (I am cold), and боли ме ръката (my arm hurts):
Except the above examples, clitic doubling is considered inappropriate in a formal context. Bulgarian grammars usually do not treat this phenomenon extensively.
This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (October 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Questions in Bulgarian which do not use a question word (such as who? what? etc.) are formed with the particle ли after the verb; a subject is not necessary, as the verbal conjugation suggests who is performing the action:
While the particle ли generally goes after the verb, it can go after a noun or adjective if a contrast is needed:
Rhetorical questions can be formed by adding ли to a question word, thus forming a "double interrogative" –
Кой беше там? – 'Who was there?' – Кой ли не! – 'Nearly everyone!' (lit. 'I wonder who wasn't there')
The verb съм /sɤm/[note 3] – 'to be' is also used as an auxiliary for forming the perfect, the passive and the conditional:
бъда /ˈbɤdɐ/ – interchangeable with съм in most tenses and moods, but never in the present indicative – e.g. /ˈiskɐm dɐ ˈbɤdɐ/ ('I want to be'), /ʃtɛ ˈbɤdɐ tuk/ ('I will be here'); in the imperative, only бъда is used – /ˈbɤdi tuk/ ('be here');
The impersonal verb ще (lit. 'it wants')[note 5] is used to for forming the (positive) future tense:
The past tense of this verb – щях /ʃtʲax/ is conjugated to form the past conditional ('would have' – again, with да, since it is irrealis):
the third person singular of these two can be used impersonally to mean 'there is/there are' or 'there isn't/aren't any,'[note 7] e.g.
Sometimes proper nouns and words referring to friends or family members can have a diminutive ending added to show affection. These constructions are all referred to as "na galeno" (lit. "caressing" form):
There is an interesting trend (which is comparatively modern, although it might well have deeper, dormant roots) where the feminine ending "-ka" and the definite suffix "-ta" ("the") are added to male names – note that this is affectionate and not at all insulting (in fact, the endings are not even really considered as being "feminine"):
In Bulgarian, there are several conjunctions all translating into English as "but", which are all used in distinct situations. They are но (no), ама (amà), а (a), ами (amì), and ала (alà) (and обаче (obache) – "however", identical in use to но).
While there is some overlapping between their uses, in many cases they are specific. For example, ami is used for a choice – ne tova, ami onova – "not this one, but that one" (comp. Spanish sino), while ama is often used to provide extra information or an opinion – kazah go, ama sgreshih – "I said it, but I was wrong". Meanwhile, a provides contrast between two situations, and in some sentences can even be translated as "although", "while" or even "and" – az rabotya, a toy blee – "I'm working, and he's daydreaming".
Very often, different words can be used to alter the emphasis of a sentence – e.g. while "pusha, no ne tryabva" and "pusha, a ne tryabva" both mean "I smoke, but I shouldn't", the first sounds more like a statement of fact ("...but I mustn't"), while the second feels more like a judgement ("...but I oughtn't"). Similarly, az ne iskam, ama toy iska and az ne iskam, a toy iska both mean "I don't want to, but he does", however the first emphasises the fact that he wants to, while the second emphasises the wanting rather than the person.
Ala is interesting in that, while it feels archaic, it is often used in poetry and frequently in children's stories, since it has quite a moral/ominous feel to it.
Bulgarian has several abstract particles which are used to strengthen a statement. These have no precise translation in English.[note 8] The particles are strictly informal and can even be considered rude by some people and in some situations. They are mostly used at the end of questions or instructions.
бе (be) – the most common particle. It can be used to strengthen a statement or, sometimes, to indicate derision of an opinion, aided by the tone of voice. (Originally purely masculine, it can now be used towards both men and women.)
ма (ma) (feminine only) – originally simply the feminine counterpart of be, but today perceived as rude and derisive (compare the similar evolution of the vocative forms of feminine names).
бре (bre, masculine), мари (mari, feminine) – similar to be and ma, but archaic. Although informal, can sometimes be heard being used by older people.
These are "tagged" on to the beginning or end of a sentence to express the mood of the speaker in relation to the situation. They are mostly interrogative or slightly imperative in nature. There is no change in the grammatical mood when these are used (although they may be expressed through different grammatical moods in other languages).
нали (nalì) – is a universal affirmative tag, like "isn't it"/"won't you", etc. (it is invariable, like the French n'est-ce pas). It can be placed almost anywhere in the sentence, and does not always require a verb:
shte doydesh, nali? – you are coming, aren't you?; nali iskaha? – didn't they want to?; nali onzi? – that one, right?;
it can express quite complex thoughts through simple constructions – nali nyamashe? – "I thought you weren't going to!" or "I thought there weren't any!" (depending on context – the verb nyama presents general negation/lacking, see "nyama", above).
нима (nimà) – presents disbelief ~"don't tell me that..." – e.g. nima iskash?! – "don't tell me you want to!". It is slightly archaic, but still in use. Can be used on its own as an interjection – nima!
neka, as an interjection, can also be used to express judgement or even Schadenfreude – neka mu! – "he deserves it!".
These express intent or desire, perhaps even pleading. They can be seen as a sort of cohortative side to the language. (Since they can be used by themselves, they could even be considered as verbs in their own right.) They are also highly informal.
я (ya) – "let me" – exclusively when asking someone else for something. It can even be used on its own as a request or instruction (depending on the tone used), indicating that the speaker wants to partake in or try whatever the listener is doing.
These particles can be combined with the vocative particles for greater effect, e.g. ya da vidya, be (let me see), or even exclusively in combinations with them, with no other elements, e.g. hayde, de! (come on!); nedey, de! (I told you not to!).
Bulgarian has several pronouns of quality which have no direct parallels in English – kakav (what sort of); takuv (this sort of); onakuv (that sort of – colloq.); nyakakav (some sort of); nikakav (no sort of); vsyakakav (every sort of); and the relative pronoun kakavto (the sort of ... that ... ). The adjective ednakuv ("the same") derives from the same radical.[note 9]
ne poznavam takuv – "I don't know any (people like that)" (lit. "I don't know this sort of (person)")
nyakakvi hora – lit. "some type of people", but the understood meaning is "a bunch of people I don't know"
An interesting phenomenon is that these can be strung along one after another in quite long constructions, e.g.
nyakakva some sort of edna takava nyakakva nikakva kola this sort of worthless car (that I'm trying to describe)
An extreme (colloquial) sentence, with almost no physical meaning in it whatsoever – yet which does have perfect meaning to the Bulgarian ear – would be :
literal translation: "what kind of – is – this one here (she) – this sort of – one – some sort of – no sort of"
—Note: the subject of the sentence is simply the pronoun "taya" (lit. "this one here"; colloq. "she").
Another interesting phenomenon that is observed in colloquial speech is the use of takova (neuter of takyv) not only as a substitute for an adjective, but also as a substitute for a verb. In that case the base form takova is used as the third person singular in the present indicative and all other forms are formed by analogy to other verbs in the language. Sometimes the "verb" may even acquire a derivational prefix that changes its meaning. Examples:
Another use of takova in colloquial speech is the word takovata, which can be used as a substitution for a noun, but also, if the speaker doesn't remember or is not sure how to say something, they might say takovata and then pause to think about it:
izyadoh ti takovata – I ate something of yours (perhaps: I ate your dessert). Here the word takovata is used as a substitution for a noun.
Similar "meaningless" expressions are extremely common in spoken Bulgarian, especially when the speaker is finding it difficult to describe something.
Bulgarian has a rich set of inflectional and derivational processes.[citation needed] In the simplest terms, this can be seen in the way that most nouns and verbs are formed – namely by adding prefixes and suffixes to a rather limited number of roots, which creates almost a dozen new words, along with a couple of dozen derivatives thereof. Here are some examples using the root word klyuch (ключ) "key/switch":
Verbs can take several prefixes, thus expressing increasingly complex ideas. For example, the bol– root, which has to do with ailments (bol-ka – pain; bol-est – illness; bol-i – it hurts, etc.), can be used to express various different stages of falling ill:
The commonly cited phenomenon of Bulgarian people shaking their head for "yes" and nodding for "no" is true but, with the influence of Western culture, ever rarer, and almost non-existent among the younger generation.[citation needed] (It should be noted, however, that the shaking and nodding are not identical to the Western gestures. The "nod" for no is actually an upward movement of the head rather than a downward one, while the shaking of the head for yes is not completely horizontal, but also has a slight "wavy" aspect to it.)
A dental click [ǀ] (similar to the English "tsk") also means "no" (informal), as does ъ-ъ [ʔəʔə] (the only occurrence in Bulgarian of the glottal stop). The two are often said with the upward 'nod'.
Bulgarian has an extensive vocabulary covering family relationships. The biggest range of words is for uncles and aunts, e.g. chicho (your father's brother), vuicho (your mother's brother), svako (your aunt's husband); an even larger number of synonyms for these three exists in the various dialects of Bulgarian, including kaleko, lelincho, tetin, etc. The words do not only refer to the closest members of the family (such as brat – brother, but batko/bate – older brother, sestra – sister, but kaka – older sister), but extend to its furthest reaches, e.g. badzhanak from Turkish bacanak (the relationship of the husbands of two sisters to each other) and etarva (the relationships of two brothers' wives to each other). For all in-laws, there are specific names, e.g. a woman's husband's brother is her dever and her husband's sister is her zalva. In the traditional rural extended family before 1900, there existed separate subcategories for different brothers-in-law/sisters-in-law of a woman with regard to their age relative to hers, e.g. instead of simply a dever there could be a braino (older), a draginko (younger), or an ubavenkyo (who is still a child).
As with many Slavic languages, the double negative in Bulgarian is grammatically correct, while some forms of it, when used instead of a single negative form, are grammatically incorrect. The following are literal translations of grammatically correct Bulgarian sentences that utilize a double or multiple negation: "Никой никъде никога нищо не е направил." (multiple negation without the use of a compound double negative form, i.e. using a listing of several successive single negation words) – "Nobody never nowhere nothing did not do." (translated as "nobody has ever done anything, anywhere"); "Никога не съм бил там." (double negation without the use of a compound double negative form, i.e. using a listing of several successive single negation words) – I never did not go there ("[I] have never been there"); Никога никакви чувства не съм имал! – I never no feelings had not have! (I have never had any feelings!). The same applies for Macedonian.
Most of the vocabulary of modern Bulgarian consists of terms inheried from Proto-Slavic and local Bulgarian innovations and formations of those through the mediation of Old and Middle Bulgarian. Thus, the native lexical terms in Bulgarian account for 70% to 80% of the lexicon.
The remaining 25% to 30% are loanwords from a number of languages, as well as derivations of such words. Bulgarian adopted also a few words of Thracian and Bulgar origin. The languages which have contributed most to Bulgarian are Russian, French and to a lesser extent English and Ottoman Turkish. Also Latin and Greek are the source of many words, used mostly in international terminology. Many Latin terms entered the language through Romanian, Aromanian, and Megleno-Romanian during Bulgarian Empires (present-day Bulgaria was part of Roman Empire), loanwords of Greek origin in Bulgarian are a product of the influence of the liturgical language of the Orthodox Church. Many of the numerous loanwords from another Turkic language, Ottoman Turkish (and, via Ottoman Turkish, from Arabic and Persian) which were adopted into Bulgarian during the long period of Ottoman rule, have been replaced with native terms. In addition, both specialized (usually coming from the field of science) and commonplace English words (notably abstract, commodity/service-related or technical terms) have also penetrated Bulgarian since the second half of the 20th century, especially since 1989. A noteworthy portion of this English-derived terminology has attained some unique features in the process of its introduction to native speakers, and this has resulted in peculiar derivations that set the newly formed loanwords apart from the original words (mainly in pronunciation), although many loanwords are completely identical to the source words. A growing number of international neologisms are also being widely adopted, causing controversy between younger generations who, in general, are raised in the era of digital globalization, and the older, more conservative educated purists. Prior to standardization in the 19th century, after a period of Ottoman Turkish as a lingua franca for about 5 centuries, vernacular Bulgarian is estimated to have been consisted of 50% Ottoman vocabulary, which contained predominantly (up to 80%) Arabic and Persian words.[42][43]
Most Slavic languages demonstrate a higher degree of shared vocabulary with one another than English does with the Germanic family due to the number of Romance loans in English on the one hand, and on the other hand due to the influences on Slavic languages of Russian or Church Slavonic, which was a Southeast Slavic language. The adoption of Church Slavonic morphology and vocabulary was used to enrich other Slavic languages. It is especially pronounced in Russian, which today consists of mixed native and Church Slavonic (South Slavic) vocabulary, analogically to the Romance vocabulary of English, but in Russian the Church Slavonisms are not perceived as foreign due to their Slavic roots.[45] An estimated 55% of Russian, incl. vocabulary, syntactic features, etc. goes back to the Church Slavonic language, known as Old Bulgarian, while 70% of Church Slavonic words are common to all Slavic languages.[46] Some authors argue that the Southeast Slavic language Church Slavonic is the "passkey" to the Russian nation and language.[47]
As of the beginning of the 1960s, loanwords amounted to some 25% of the vocabulary of the standard dictionary of Bulgarian. The most important source of loanwords in recent centuries has been Russian. Two other important sources of borrowing were Latin and Greek, each accounting for around a quarter of all borrowings, more specifically, Latin (around 26%)[48] and Greek (around 23%).[48] French vocabulary contribution to the Bulgarian language totals around 15%[48] and Ottoman Turkish (along with Arabic and Persian) totalled around 14%,[48] whereas loanwords from Russian accounted for 10% of the borrowings.[48] Lesser but still significant influence was exerted by Italian (around 4%),[48] German (around 4%)[48] and English (around 2%).[48]
Some very frequent expressions have been borrowed from other languages. Most of them are somewhat informal.
Мерси (mersí) – Thank you; from French (although this word is probably even more common than native "Благодаря", it is inappropriate in very official or solemn contexts)
Чао (cháo) – Bye; from Italian (the informal counterpart of native "Довиждане", this word is more common than the native)
Супер (súper) – Super; (from Latin, colloquial; note – "Super" remains the same regardless of quantity or gender, although an even more colloquial adjective суперски (súperski) does decline as usual)
(In the above two examples, the formal expression uses a plural verb but a singular pronoun, which allows speakers to distinguish the two grammatical forms.)
^ Unlike in French and Spanish, where se is only used for the 3rd person, and other particles, such as me and te, are used for the 1st and 2nd persons singular, e.g. je me lave/me lavo – I wash myself.
^ It is a common reply to the question Kak e? /ˈkak ɛ/ 'How are things?' (lit. 'how is it?') – /ˈbivɐ/ 'alright' (lit. 'it [repetitively] is') or /ˈkak si/ 'How are you?' -/ˈbivɐm/ 'I'm OK'.
^ ще – from the verb ща – 'to want.' The present tense of this verb in the sense of 'to want' is archaic and only used colloquially. Instead, искам /ˈiskɐm/ is used.
^ Formed from the impersonal verb няма (lit. 'it does not have') and the subjunctive particle да /dɐ/ ('that')
^ They can also be used on their own as a reply, with no object following: има – 'there are some'; /ˈɲamɐ/ – 'there aren't any' – compare German keine.
^ Perhaps most similar in use is the tag "man", but the Bulgarian particles are more abstract still.
^ Like the demonstratives, these take the same form as pronouns as they do as adjectives – ie. takuv means both "this kind of..." (adj.) and this kind of person/thing (pron., depending on the context).
^ "Implementation of the Charter in Hungary". Database for the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages. Public Foundation for European Comparative Minority Research. Archived from the original on 27 February 2014. Retrieved 16 June 2014.
^ "Languages in Europe – Official EU Languages". EUROPA web portal. Archived from the original on 2 February 2009. Retrieved 12 October 2009.
That’s how I was going to describe the growing number of accusations of sexual misconduct (and worse) in the wake of producer Harvey Weinstein’s fall.
Other Hollywood luminaries (director James Toback) have been accused since the news broke, as have television personalities (Mark Halperin, plus even more details as to the allegations against Bill O’Reilly have come to light); the bassist for Marilyn Manson … and George H.W. Bush. Poppy Bush! A tidal wave of reports — except, it isn’t, really – not when these recent, widely publicized reports are compared to how often sexual violence occurs. Sexual assault and sexual harassment are severely underreported. .
The National Sexual Violence Resource Center says “rape is the most underreported crime” and that 63 percent of sexual assaults are not reported to police. Additionally, only 12 percent of child sexual abuse is reported to authorities, per NSVRC’s statistics.
And, for those who like to insist “women are lying” (looking at you, Sarah Huckabee Sanders!), research cited by the center found the prevalence of false reporting to be between 2 and 10 percent. (Also, sexual assault and harassment victims include men: 1 in 71 men are raped at some point in their lives, according to the NSVRC. Are they lying, too, or is it “just” the statistical 1 rape victim among every 5 women?)
For every sexual-assault complaint you might hear about, there are who-knows- how-many instances in which the victim keeps silent.
It’s not hard to see why, especially when there is a power imbalance between victim and perpetrator. The scale is tipped further against victims because of persistent, if varying, views of how the victims “asked for it” or failed to prevent it, or didn’t react the way others thought she or he should.
“How do we display ourselves, how do we present ourselves as women, what are we asking?” This was fashion designer Donna Karan’s response to news that her friend Weinstein had been accused of multiple instances of sexual predation.
“ … You look at everything all over the world today, you know, and how women are dressing and, you know, what they’re asking by just presenting themselves the way they do. What are they asking for? Trouble.”
Karan is hardly alone in the mindset; even other women have said similar things since the news broke.
U.S. Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson, a Texas Democrat, told an NBC station she grew up in a time when “it was as much the woman’s responsibility as the man’s.”
Had she stopped there, the remark might have been defensible as simply telling how people used to think. But she went on, “I’m from the old school that you can have behaviors that appear to be inviting. It can be interpreted as such. That’s the responsibility, I think, of the female. I think that males have a responsibility to be professional themselves.”
There’s a lot to unpack, here. According to the Texas Tribune, Johnson tried explaining she meant to empower women, saying women “have the power to control the situation” through reporting to the police, or by not cooperating, and that women allow offending men to get away with it (presumably by not reporting it).
Johnson was out of line. When your paycheck — or even your entire career — depends on not offending the man who signs the check, your options are limited. When reporting is met with doubt, ridicule and worse, the woman is not the one who is allowing the man to “get away with it.”
Johnson, too, later rescinded her comments and said she did not blame victims for the actions of perpetrators.
Response from alleged perpetrators has varied – from Weinstein, who, although he has denied criminal conduct, basically said he is helpless because of a “sex addiction,” to George Bush Sr. apologizing. (Other people in his camp, however, tried to use his age and infirmity to excuse reports by four different women that he groped them; his spokesman even trotted out the old he-didn’t-mean- anything-by-it defense.)
But we remain distressingly inclined to blame the victim, or even women in general, as Karan and Johnson’s statements — and countless similar statements through the centuries — show.
This does not tend to happen in crimes other than rape. While we might chide a burglary victim for leaving the door unlocked, we don’t say that because he didn’t secure his home, the law was not broken at all or he must have “wanted it to happen.”
The spate of news of prominent men being accused of sexual crimes and sexual harassment kept coming in October.
This is not because women suddenly wanted to pick up metaphorical torches and engage in a witch hunt. It is because seeing Weinstein topple made other victims feel emboldened enough to take the risk, to tell their story, to put on their social media accounts the hashtag “me too.”
Time magazine tackled the issue Oct. 12, with a cover referring to Weinstein as “producer, predator, pariah.” It was an important piece, featuring some of the accusers who have gone public, whose voices just may have sparked a movement. As central as Weinstein obviously was to the story, though, I could not help wishing the cover had featured some of these strong women, like Rose Mc- Gowan, who went on to take her message to the Women’s Convention in Detroit.
Maybe — just maybe — we are getting to the point in North America when an accuser might stand a chance of being believed, rather than scrutinized for an ulterior motive, or how she behaved, how much she drank, what she wore, what she looked like. Maybe, just maybe, we could even recognize them for their courage.
In late October, two New York City officers were indicted on allegations they’d handcuffed a young woman for alleged drug possession, driven her to a parking lot and, while she was still cuffed, sexually assaulted her.
The officers have denied it — with, according to published reports, the go-to defense of the sex having been “consensual.” No word, though, on just why they thought it was appropriate to engage in any kind of sex with someone they had detained, while they were on duty.
The story gets worse. The officers also allegedly made hay of the woman’s social-media posts, which were less than virginal, and may have made a reference to a suit she filed. (Translation: “She must have wanted it, because look what she’s posting.”)
One news story about the matter, while well-rendered, included a photo of the woman posing in front of a mirror in a cropped blouse. The online version of this article did not include photographs of the officers, Eddie Martins and Richard Hall, even though they were the ones indicted.
And, as the Weinstein scandal erupted here, in Canada news emerged of a 2015 case involving a teenager whose taxi driver tried to kiss her, licked her face and groped her (BBC).
Judge Jean-Paul Braun convicted the defendant, Carl Figaro; however, he also brought up the victim’s appearance (“a bit overweight, but she has a pretty face”), suggesting she found the assailant’s attention flattering, since he “looks good … he has nice manners and … likes to wear cologne.”
Braun is supposed to apply the law. It is literally his job. Yet, the BBC reported Braun suggested “there are degrees of consent and question(ed) exactly which actions required (Figaro) to get the victim’s consent.”
The judge, per the BBC, also brought up kissing as compared to touching someone’s backside. So, because kissing someone supposedly isn’t as rape-y as grabbing a handful, a man doesn’t necessarily need the green light? I know very little about Canadian law, but … seriously?
This small sampling shows even the people who should most know better still give credence to old myths about a man’s “right” to sexual gratification, a woman’s “responsibility” to keep this supposedly superior being in check, and her trustworthiness.
It shows, distressingly, there might not be a society-wide, reliable way to get individuals to stop putting the onus of preventing assault onto the victims. Perhaps no amount of public outcry can change individual mindsets.
In a wild turnaround, Xochitl Torres Small, a Democrat, appears to have won the race for New Mexico’s Second Congressional District seat a little less than a day after her opponent announced that she had …
San Juan County, Utah, is preparing for a seismic shift on its county commission. Although the San Juan Record reported that not all the mail ballots had been counted Wednesday, the Salt Lake Tribune and …
Colorado went blue in a big way Tuesday night, but Montezuma County and the state’s southwest corner remained staunchly red. In Tuesday’s election, Montezuma County kept its county commission all-Republican, choosing Jim Candelaria over Democrat …
You seem to be using an older version of Internet Explorer. This site requires Internet Explorer 8 or higher. Update your browser here today to fully enjoy all the marvels of this site.
^ Trudgill, Peter (1992). "Ausbau sociolinguistics and the perception of language status in contemporary Europe". International Journal of Applied Linguistics. 2 (2): 167–177. However, outside Greece, where the name of the language has been objected to (see Trudgill forthcoming), and Bulgaria, Macedonian's status as a language is generally accepted.
^ Chambers, Jack; Trudgill, Peter (1998). Dialectology (2nd ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 7. Similarly, Bulgarian politicians often argue that Macedonian is simply a dialect of Bulgarian – which is really a way of saying, of course, that they feel Macedonia ought to be part of Bulgaria. From a purely linguistic point of view, however, such arguments are not resolvable, since dialect continua admit of more-or-less but not either-or judgements.
^ Danforth, Loring M. (1997). The Macedonian conflict: ethnic nationalism in a transnational world. Princeton University Press. p. 67. ISBN 0691043566. Sociolinguists agree that in such situations the decision as to whether a particular variety of speech constitutes a language or a dialect is always based on political, rather than linguistic criteria (Trudgill 1974:15). A language, in other words, can be defined "as a dialect with an army and a navy" (Nash 1989:6).
^ Leonard Orban (24 May 2007). "Cyrillic, the third official alphabet of the EU, was created by a truly multilingual European" (PDF). europe.eu. Retrieved 3 August 2014.
^ 89% of internet users refuse to reveal personal details online (in Bulgarian) Dnevnik, 10 July 2012. Retrieved 16 September 2012
^ The Bulgarian Verb Elementary On-Line Bulgarian Grammar by Katina Bontcheva, retrieved on 21 August 2011
^ Opel are challenging their market competition (in Bulgarian) Dnevnik, 1 July 2000. Retrieved 17 September 2012.
The linguistic features of the Bulgarian language (from WALS, The World Atlas of Language Structures Online)
Liberty Fund, Inc. is a nonprofit foundation[2] headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana which promulgates the libertarian views of its founder, Pierre F. Goodrich[3] through publishing, conferences, and educational resources. The operating mandate of the Liberty Fund was set forth in an unpublished memo written by Mr. Goodrich "to encourage the study of the ideal of a society of free and responsible individuals".[4][5]
Liberty Fund was founded by Pierre F. Goodrich in 1960. In 1997 it received an $80 million donation from Goodrich's wife, Enid, increasing its assets to over $300 million.[5][6]
In November 2015, it was announced that the Liberty Fund was building a $22 million headquarters in Carmel, Indiana.[7][8]
The foundation has published several books covering history, politics, philosophy, law, education, and economics. These include:
The Library of Economics and Liberty (EconLib) – publishes the Concise Encyclopedia of Economics (CEE).[11][12][13] Articles are written by economists from different schools of thought, and include four Nobel laureates in economics as authors in the 2nd edition (2008).[14][15] It also includes short biographies of noted economists and a comprehensive index.[16] The original version of the CEE was first published in 1993 as the Fortune Encyclopedia of Economics with economist David R. Henderson as the editor.[17] Notable contributors to the first edition included Nobel Prize laureates Gary Becker, Paul Krugman, Thomas Schelling, George Stigler, and James Tobin.[18]
In his book The Assault on Reason, former U.S. Vice President and presidential candidate Al Gore wrote that between 2002 and 2004, 97% of the attendees at Liberty Fund training seminars for judges were Republican administration appointees. Gore suggests that such conferences and seminars are one of the reasons that judges who regularly attend such conferences "are generally responsible for writing the most radical pro-corporate, antienvironmental, and activist decisions". Referring to what he calls the "Big Three"—the Foundation for Research on Economics and the Environment, George Mason University's Law & Economics Center, and the Liberty Fund—Gore adds, "These groups are not providing unbiased judicial education. They are giving multithousand-dollar vacations to federal judges to promote their radical right-wing agenda at the expense of the public interest."[20]
Liberty Fund has been cited by historian Donald T. Critchlow as one of the endowed conservative foundations which laid the way for the election of U.S. President Ronald Reagan in 1980.[21]
^ The Ama-gi is interpreted by the Liberty Fund to be the earliest-known written appearance of the word "freedom", or "liberty", taken from a clay document written about 2300 BCE in the Sumerian city-state of Lagash. See: Logo Archived 2016-06-12 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Simon, Scott (March 28, 2009). "Sarah Palin as Dorothy? We're Not in Kansas". Weekend Edition – Saturday. NPR. Retrieved September 8, 2013.
^ "Gift pulls Liberty out of shadows". Indianapolis Business Journal. IBJ Corporation. June 30, 1997. Retrieved September 8, 2013. Because the conferences are scattered across the globe and because they attract only elite thinkers, the fund attracts little attention in Indianapolis outside its Allison Pointe offices.
^ a b "Economics 101-03: History of Economic Thought Spring 2015" (PDF). California State University, Sacramento Department of Economics. Archived from the original (PDF) on March 26, 2017. Retrieved July 24, 2018.
The Hector F. DeLuca Biochemistry Building, originally known as the Agricultural Chemistry Building, is a historic structure on the campus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison. It was the site of the discovery of vitamins A and B, as well as the development of vitamin D processing.
The building was part of the expansion of the College of Agriculture undertaken by Edwin B. Hart. Hart assumed leadership of the department in 1906. The next year, Stephen Moulton Babcock and Elmer McCollum began the single-grain experiment, which fostered the development of agricultural chemistry at Wisconsin. The experiment continued in the Agricultural Chemistry Building when it was built in 1912 and was expended to identify the key elements in nutrition.[2]
In 1913, McCollum identified a molecule in egg yolks, vitamin A. The discovery was consistent with the nutrition element proposed by Frederick Gowland Hopkins a year before. The experiment continued, and in 1915, McCollum identified vitamin B in rice. McCollum left Wisconsin for Johns Hopkins University in 1917 and was succeeded by Harry Steenbock. He continued experimentation on the new molecules, isolating and naming vitamin A in 1920.[2]
Other research by Steenbock identified iron and copper as effective agents in the treatment of anemia. Steenbock made his most significant discovery in 1923, when he established a relationship between vitamin D and ultra-violet light on bone health. He then founded the "Steenbock Process" in 1928, a method of concentrating vitamin D by irradiating food. This method was employed on a large scale through his Wisconsin Alumni Research Fund.[2]
Conrad Elvehjem isolated nicotinic acid (niacin) at the Agricultural Chemistry Building in 1937, which cured pellagra. and Karl Paul Link identified the blood coagulant dicumarol here in 1941. On June 19, 1985, the building was recognized by the National Park Service with a listing on the National Register of Historic Places.[2] A major renovation was completed in 2012 and the building was integrated into the Biochemical Sciences Complex.[3] The building was named after Hector F. DeLuca in 2013.[4]
The building is generally Georgian Revival in style with its pediment, quoins, and ballustrade. It was designed by Warren Powers Laird & Paul Philippe Cret, who also designed six other buildings on campus: the Central Heating Station, the Stock Pavilion, Lathrop Hall, the Home Economics Buildings, Wisconsin High School, and Sterling Hall.[2]
^ a b c d e Miller, E. L. (June 19, 1985), National Register of Historic Places Registration Form: Agricultural Chemistry Building, State Historical Society of Wisconsin, National Park Service, retrieved November 24, 2014
^ Sakai, Jill (June 7, 2013). "Biochemical Sciences Complex to be named after Hector F. DeLuca". University of Wisconsin–Madison News. Retrieved November 24, 2014.
This article may contain an excessive amount of intricate detail that may interest only a particular audience. Please help by spinning off or relocating any relevant information, and removing excessive detail that may be against Wikipedia's inclusion policy. (June 2018) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
In the 30th century, time travel becomes illegal after a time paradox crisis. The Time Protection Department (TPD) is established to watch for and stop time crimes. Four new enlistee cadets of the TPD are tricked by Don Dolnero and his gang into letting them time-travel to the year 2000 to commit various crimes and, to protect history, the four cadets pursue them. They encounter a severe problem: the Timeranger program requires five members for the first operation. They coerce a present-day martial artist, Tatsuya Asami, to join them, and they become the Timerangers. Tatsuya rents a building for them to live in, and they start a small odd-jobs business called Tomorrow Research to financially support themselves.
Over time, the four cadets begin to realize that their presence would inevitably change the future in the form of the City Guardians, a security force under the employment of the Asami Corporation to protect the city from the Londers. The City Guardians form a tenuous relationship with the Timerangers, especially when Tatsuya's college acquaintance Naoto becomes Time Fire and later also becomes the City Guardian's captain.
Tatsuya Asami/Time Red (浅見 竜也/タイムレッド, Asami Tatsuya/Taimu Reddo): The main protagonist of the series, Tatsuya is a 22-year-old martial artist who is "drafted" into the team. He refuses to accept fate and his heritage as future CEO of his father's company. He believes that people can control their own destiny, but only if they fight for a desirable future. After joining the Timerangers, Tatsuya decides to move out of his father's house and uses his savings to rent the building that would be the Timeranger's home. He works as a karate teacher at Tomorrow Research. Although Yuri is the team leader, Tatsuya is the driving force of the Timerangers, essentially acting as field commander during the battles. When operating the Time Robo formations, Tatsuya is usually in charge of accessing the finishing moves to recapture the Londers Prisoners by wielding a miniature version of the Space-Time Sword/Chrono Divider to mimic the movement pattern. In the finale, one year after the final battle, Tatsuya continues to live freely by choosing his lifestyle until he feels that he is ready to join his father's company. At the end of the series, Tatsuya runs into four individuals who resemble Yuri, Ayase, Domon and Sion, who may be their ancestors, and even an individual who resembles Naoto.
Yuri/Time Pink (ユウリ/タイムピンク, Yūri/Taimu Pinku): The female protagonist of the series and the leader of the Timerangers, she is a 21-year-old police officer from the 30th century. Since the Inter-City Police are aware of Don Dolnero's plan, she goes undercover as a TPD cadet to stop him. She holds a personal grudge against Don Dolnero for sending an assassin to kill her family in the year 2988. Yuri is initially cold towards Tatsuya, but eventually warms up to him. She works as a detective at Tomorrow Research, but is open to other jobs such as cleaning services. In the series finale, she confesses to Tatsuya that she loves him, but they cannot be together due to the large gap in between their timelines. Therefore, she returns to her own time and finds that, due to the time change in the 30th century, her family is still alive. In the 20th century, Tatsuya comes across an individual resembling Yuri, who may be her ancestor.
Ayase/Time Blue (アヤセ/タイムブルー, Ayase/Taimu Burū): A former racer, this calm-headed 22-year-old is the second-in-command with a knack for high-speed battles and a deadpan sense of humor. Often, his humor puts him at odds with Domon, which forces the other Timerangers to prevent a possible fistfight between the two. He is close friends with Tatsuya. As the only Timeranger with a driver's license, he works as a chauffeur at Tomorrow Research. Ayase, however, has the incurable terminal illness Osiris Syndrome. When Tatsuya finds out about the disease, he is determined to help his friend. The other Timerangers are shocked when Tatsuya is forced to reveal Ayase's illness to them. After time is altered at the end of the series, a cure for Osiris Syndrome is found and Ayase is cured. In the 20th century, Tatsuya comes across an individual resembling Ayase, who may be his ancestor.
Domon/Time Yellow (ドモン/タイムイエロー, Domon/Taimu Ierō): A 22-year-old womanizer, formerly a professional grappler, who tends to overdo it sometimes. Domon was banned from professional fighting for never being on time for a match because he would chase after girls. Despite this, Domon has a great respect for the rules and, after learning that Sion is an orphan, he sticks up for him and refuses to let anyone call him an alien. However, Domon, who comes from a large family, is the only one who truly misses the 30th century, and he has some resentment towards Captain Ryuya for trapping them in the 20th century. This results in him taking his frustrations out on Tatsuya when the four cadets first meet him due to his resemblance to Ryuya. Although Domon works as the self-defense teacher at Tomorrow Research, he has no students. Domon argues with Ayase frequently due to the latter's humor towards his attitude on women. However, he does care about him deep down, as an emotional Domon wanted Ayase to quit after learning about Ayase's illness, though he reluctantly accepts Ayases choice of not wanting to quit the team. Later on, Domon falls in love with camerawoman Honami Moriyama. After his secret identity is revealed to her, the two start dating and Domon eventually tells her that he comes from the 30th century. In the finale, after the future is changed, Domon learns that his ban is reduced to a one-year suspension from the ring. In the 20th century, Tatsuya comes across an individual resembling Domon, who may be his ancestor. Domon reappears in Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger, learning in the occasion that his love affair with Honami also produced a son, referred to as Domon Jr.
Sion/Time Green (シオン/タイムグリーン, Shion/Taimu Gurīn): A 17-year-old alien from the planet Hubbard (ハバード, Habādo), which was destroyed as the result of war, he was raised on Earth in a laboratory. He is nimble and curious about everything around him. Sion is also fond of dyeing his hair, which he does every so often since age 3. In episodes 1-10 his hair was dyed blue/light blue/cyan (aqua)/skyblue, and in episodes 11-51, his hair was dyed brown/light brown/tan color to look like one of the normal people of the 20th century. Due to his alien physiology, Sion only needs to sleep once per year, but he must then spend a week in hibernation. He is the Timerangers' technical expert, capable of operating any machine, and is in charge of computer repairs for Tomorrow Research. He is the youngest Ranger, born around 2983. In the finale, Sion learns that, because Hubbard had no contact with Earth prior to its destruction, his own history has not changed. However, as he leaves, he says he's happy that he met Tatsuya and, thanks to him, he will never feel alone anymore. In the 20th century, Tatsuya comes across an individual resembling Sion.
Wataru Asami forms a security force under his Asami Corporation to protect the city from the Londers. The City Guardians (シティガーディアンズ, Shiti Gādianzu) gain a tenuous relationship with the Timerangers, especially when Tatsuya's college acquaintance Naoto becomes Time Fire and later the City Guardian's captain. The captain is required to wear a red beret. According to Ryuya, the City Guardians would later become the Inter-City Police (インターシティー警察, Intā Shitī Keisatsu).
Naoto Takizawa/Time Fire (滝沢 直人/タイムファイヤー, Takizawa Naoto/Taimu Faiyā, 28-49 & Timeranger VS. GoGo V): Tatsuya's 28- year-old rival and leader of the City Guardians established by the Asami Corporation. Unlike Tatsuya, Naoto came from the other side of the tracks, getting by on a scholarship as the two of them attended college. Naoto envied Tatsuya and wanted to be the better of the two. After Naoto becomes Time Fire, the Asami group attempts to analyze the technology for mass production, but cannot fully understand the 30th century technology. He finds out through Sion that the Londers' monsters are just prisoners and only need to be recaptured. Eventually, he learns that the Timerangers came from the 30th century and, because of his desire for power, he chooses to find a way to use his new knowledge of the Timerangers to his advantage. After Wataru is hospitalized, Naoto is able to use that knowledge to gain full control of the City Guardians. Naoto also owns two pet birds, Tora and Sakura, which he later gives to a little girl. After Naoto is injured during the battle against Neo-Crisis, he finds out that Wataru has forced Kei Ibuki to resign and the City Guardians were able to remove the Voice Lock function on the V-Commander, which means they no longer need him. However, Naoto flees with the V-Commander. A girl who is supposed to be being evacuated instead goes home to rescue her pet bird. The Zenitt would have killed her, but Naoto protects her and is shot in her stead. At an emergency shelter he is treated for his injuries. When the little girl comes to thank him, they see her bird outside. Unaware of how badly he is already injured, Naoto goes out to catch the bird. He succeeds, but is shot down by a Zenitt, which mortally wounds him and causes him to lose his balance and fall over a high stairwell railing. Naoto relinquishes the V-Commander to Tatsuya, telling him to change the way he lives as he dies. In the 20th century, Tatsuya comes across an individual resembling Naoto.
Captain Ryuya (リュウヤ隊長, Ryūya Taichō): TPD commanding officer in 3000, the first Time Red, the original Time Fire, and a descendant of Tatsuya. Later in the series, he travels to 2000 to take over the role of Time Red once more, but returns the changer to Tatsuya soon after. Uninterested in the past, Ryuya insists that Yuri and the others return to the future, as the Lambda 2000 intends to cause the Earth in the past to cease to exist. However, once they return, he attempts to erase their memories of their time in 2000-2001, telling the Timerangers how their actions in the past have changed their futures for the better. However, Yuri and the others flee just as Ayase confronts and mortally wounds Ryuya. Ryuya reveals that, not only is he the one who lets Don Dolnero escape into the past, but everything leading to the Timerangers being formed and Gien's insanity reaching its peak are also planned to ensure that the "better" of the two futures he saw would come to pass. He also reveals that the Timerangers are supposed to die in the first giant battle, and the aid he sends save their lives many times over. The original pilot of the V-Rex, Ryuya discovers two futures six years earlier: one where Gien's battle with the V-Rex destroys a third of the 21st century, and another in which Gien's death by the G-Zord leads to the complete destruction of the 31st century. In both futures, however, Ryuya, as Time Fire, dies. To prevent his demise, Ryuya sets up the V-Rex's disappearance to ensure that someone from the past will become Time Fire and die in his place. However, his actions merely change the manner in which he dies. Before his death, he asks how he could possibly be blamed for doing what he did, saying that he wanted to do what the Timerangers were doing for themselves: to make a better future.
Tac (タック, Takku): A robotic owl who transmits the launch of the Time Jets. He has a database on all Londers criminals. Tac was given information on many of the events that were intended to happen in the year 2000, though when things begin to occur for which he was not given data (such as the appearance of V-Rex and Time Fire), Tac begins to question his usefulness. It is not until Sion disables a chip that had been preventing Tac from making his own decisions, and convinces him that he is not worthless, that Tac feels confident in himself again. He can detect Space-Time Pulses and helps the team in making plans.
Wataru Asami (浅見 渡, Asami Wataru): Tatsuya's father who is the leader of the Asami Group, one of the largest business corporations in Japan. Wataru is a ruthless individual who is only concerned with business matters and tries to control Tatsuya's life, thinking that his son is only meant to succeed him. Wataru also organizes the City Guardians as a means of protecting the city from the Londers family and finds out that his son is Time Red when his mask is broken. Wataru eventually agrees to allow Naoto to become the City Guardians' leader after he gains control of the V-Rex and attempts to recruit the other Timerangers into the City Guardians, but is turned down. Eventually, Wataru is hospitalized during Gien's attack on the City Guardian headquarters. After Yuri and the Timerangers depart for 3000, Wataru decides to allow Tatsuya to live his own life until he feels that he is ready to join the Asami Group.
Wataru Asami is portrayed by Fujita Okamoto (岡本 富士太, Okamoto Fujita) who previously played Dr. Dazai in Kousoku Sentai Turboranger.
Honami Moriyama (森山 ホナミ, Moriyama Honami, 9-50): Honami Moriyama is a reporter and photographer, the only one daring enough to take photographs of the Londers family. She first interferes in the Timerangers' battle against Gougan and is scolded by Time Pink for her foolishness, but Time Yellow is able to cheer her up. Unbeknownst to the Timerangers, Honami has taken their pictures while they are in their civilian forms, but she chooses to keep these pictures to herself, and quits taking pictures of them and the Londers. Honami develops a crush on Time Yellow, yet she believes that Ayase is Time Yellow, going so far as keeping a picture of Ayase and Time Yellow side-by-side in her wallet. Sion finds out that Honami is in love with Domon and gives her Domon's e-mail address. Eventually, Domon finds out about the confusion when he notices Honami's wallet on the ground after he arrives late for a date and sees Ayase's picture in it. Domon tries to set up Honami with Ayase and, in the end, Honami's misunderstanding is cleared up when Domon is willing to protect her from Banjan's bomb. The two start dating and. at the end of the series, Honami has a child that she names Domon Junior (but never tells Domon about it).
Time Roboter (タイムロボター, Taimu Robotā): Created by Sion to serve as Tac's robotic assistant, a cheerful and talkative little robot which often ends its sentences with the word "time". Robota functions to protect their headquarters when the Timerangers are away. It relays messages, sounds off its opinions and, when Tac requires, acts as an alarm clock.
Kyuukyuu Sentai GoGoFive: Team up with the Timerangers during Timeranger VS. GoGo V. They face off against Pierre, the surviving footman of the Psyma family (despite GoGo V's assumptions that they had killed him), who team with the Londers in a plan to take out both teams. During the Super Sentai Daishugou special's segment on GoGo V, the team instantly recognizes them due to their team-up.
Chrono Suits (クロノスーツ, Kurono Sūtsu): The suits that are formed when the transformation devices are activated.
Time Flyer (タイムフライヤー, Taimu Furaiyā): A hoverjet that is used by the main Timeranger as regular transportation, as well as a transport for them to board the Time Jets. When it becomes the Flyer Magnum (フライヤーマグナム, Furaiyā Magunamu), Time Robo Beta's gun, the wings are folded into the handle and the twin barrels of the gun emerge from the front section.
Time Emblem (タイムエンブレム, Taimu Enburemu): The badge of the Timerangers. The badges are used to identify the Timerangers as police officers, as well as to create a storage unit for a recaptured Londers prisoner. Time Fire receives his own during Christmastime.
Double Vector (ダブルベクター, Daburu Bekutā): A pair of swords called the Spark Vectors (スパークベクター, Supāku Bekutā) and Arrow Vectors (アローベクター, Arō Bekutā) that each of the main Timeranger possesses. They can be joined to create the Twin Vector (ツインベクター, Tsuin Bekutā). Some of the special attacks that can be performed are Vector Slash with the Spark Vector, as well as the Twin Slash attack. Both attacks are varieties of double sword-based attacks such as Vector Hurley and Vector End (by slashing in two directions in the symbol of a clock, such as Vector End Beat Six which is slashing between the 12 and 6 symbols, and Vector End Beat Cross, which is slashing between the 3 and 9 positions, and then the 12 and 6 positions).
Assault Mobile (アサルトモバイル, Asaruto Mobairu): Created in Episode 23 by Sion. The Assault Mobile is a set of weapon pieces that are stored in a carrying case. The main purpose of the Assault Mobile is to combine with the Spark Vector to create the Assault Vector.
Assault Vector (アサルトベクター, Asaruto Bekutā): A combination of the Spark Vector and Assault Mobile, the Assault Vector is a high-powered gun that amplifies the Spark Vector's power up to 30 times higher than normal, which fires the Assault Burning (アサルトバーニング, Asaruto Bāningu). There is also a Sniper Mode (スナイパーモード, Sunaipā Mōdo), which aims at pinpoint. It Can be wielded by any of the core Timeranger, but it's mostly used by TimeRed, sometimes by TimeGreen.
City Defense Mecha Raimei (都市防衛メカ・ライメイ, Toshi Bōei Meka Raimei): A tank created by the Asami Group. It was destroyed by Nova in its first run.
Mecha used by the Time Protection Bureau. While most mecha are launched from the Provider Base in the year 3000 until Tac calls "Send us the Emergency System!", the V-Rex remains in the present time. After a Londers prisoner is defeated, a Timeranger says "Time up" (タイムアップ, Taimu Appu), or in Time Fire's case "The end" (ジーエンド, Jī Endo).
Providus (プロバイダス, Purobaidasu): Providus serves to send the Time Jets and Time Shadow through the time gate. Though he only saw action in Sion's dream, Providus has a spinning fist attack.
V-Rex (ブイレックス, Bui Rekkusu): V-Rex is the Inter-City Police force's strongest mecha. It was lost in a time experiment and later emerges in the 21st century, where the Timerangers are. After recovering the V-Commander, the V-Rex's control device, and becoming Time Fire, Naoto gains control of the V-Rex shortly afterwards, using the command "Go, V-Rex!" to summon V-Rex from the forest. The V-Rex's armaments are the Rex Laser (レックスレーザー, Rekkusu Rēzā) and Max Burning (マックスバーニング, Makkusu Bāningu). V-Rex assumes a more human-like form, Voice Formation V-Rex Robo (ブイレックスロボ, Bui Rekkusu Robo), where its Revolver Missiles (リボルバーミサイル, Riborubā Misairu) are shot from its right hand and its Rex Punch (レックスパンチ, Rekkusu Panchi) is fired from its left hand. V-Rex Robo's finishing move, which allows it to recapture Londers prisoners, is its Max Blizzard (マックスブリザード, Makkusu Burizādo) fired from the shoulders. By the command of "Reverse Formation, V-Rex!", it can return to its dinosaur form. Time Robo Alpha can also ride on the V-Rex's back, forming "Riding Time Robo". In the finale, it is revealed that when the V-Rex and Neo-Crisis' power sources come in contact with each other, they create a timepulse that will take out bits of the world. Later, after Naoto dies, Sion is able to modify the DV-Defender in order for Tatsuya to use the DV-Vulcan to alter the V-Rex's Lambarda 2000 into Zeta-3, enabling Tatsuya to destroy Neo-Crisis without endangering the world. V-Rex helps out in Gaoranger vs. Super Sentai.
The Londers family (ロンダーズファミリー, Rondāzu Famirī) are the main antagonists of Timeranger. Their base of operations is the Londers Penitentiary (ロンダー刑務所, Rondā Keimusho), which their group is named after.
Don Dolnero (ドン・ドルネロ, Don Dorunero, 1-47) is a blue whale-like mafioso godfather who is only in it for the money, though he also has a firm love for the family. Originally leader of the Dolnero family (ドルネロズファミリ, Dorunero Famirī) mafia group, he is to be detained for 1,000 years, as Prisoner #35273, until his gang takes over the prison and goes back in time to pull off numerous crimes. With Borg's help, he takes over a company to make even more money, setting up a "protection business". He cares for his associates, especially Gien, whose mental stability often concerns him. When Gien releases Emboss, Dolnero provides his blood to the Timerangers so the City Guardians can make the vaccine before he shuts down Gien with a special attachment to stop him from going too far in his psychotic delights. Once the attachment is removed and destroyed, Dolnero evacuates the Londers Penitentiary before going out to kill Gien. Dolnero is unable to carry out the deed, only to be killed himself. Before his death, he gives the Timerangers the remaining Londers prisoners he had in the Londers Penitentiary. His name is a pun on the word, dinheiro.
Gien (ギエン, Gien) is an evil and insane robotic scientist. He is responsible for constructing the Zenitts that are sent against the Timerangers. Gien is actually a cyborg, formerly a possibly brain-damaged human boy who loses track of numbers when counting 1, 2, 3....4... 8..., who befriends Don Dolnero in 2990 when he is hiding from the Kuronz family. Dolnero nearly kills Gien for amusement, pretending it is for refusing to reveal Dolnero's location to them. Dolnero saves his life by having a friend of his transfer the boy's brain into a robotic body and connecting up a computer brain. There are horrible side-effects that have and are still driving Gien into madness. He has access to the Hell's Gate prisoners and cares for nothing except for his own masochistic pleasures, occasionally going against Dolnero's orders, as well. He has constructed several massive robots, powered by the Lambda-2000 crystal that he steals twice from the Kawasaki Laboratories. He attempts to take control of the V-Rex, as well. After seeing the G-Zord in action, Gien creates a device to drain the power from the G-Zord and then from the Timerangers robots. Eventually, Tatsuya arrives to help his friends, defeating Gien before destroying his device. Though the G-Zord is destroyed, Gien uses the Lambda-2000 he stole to assume his role as the "God of Destruction". Dolnero eventually tries everything in his power to stop Gien, only to die in his vain attempt. Gien later pilots the NeoCrisis robot, wired into his creation as he destroys everything in his path. After Tatsuya saves the future by destroying NeoCrisis, Gien's previous personality resurfaces and he dissolves away into sand. Despite his psychotic evil tendencies, Gien is one of the most tragic characters in the series.
Gien is voiced by Kōji Tobe (戸部 公爾, Tobe Kōji). His human form was portrayed by Nobuhiro Tenma (天間信紘, Tenma Nobuhiro).
Lila (リラ, Rira, 1-47): Don Dolnero's right hand girl with pink hair. Rather obnoxious, she is a mistress of disguise and good with a pistol. A material girl, she frequently steals clothing and jewelry that suit her fancy. She mostly sticks around Don Dolnero as he has two aspects she adores: money and power. She admits she likes him a bit, even if he lacks them. After Dolnero's death, Lila goes into hiding and has been missing ever since. Her name is a pun on the word, lira.
Junk Droid Zenitts (ジャンクドロイド・ゼニット, Janku Doroido Zenitto): Cheap droids created by Gien from scrap, the Zenitts are activated when a Londers criminal tosses a bunch of nuts and bolts that transform into one-eyed robots. The Zenitts are armed with sword-like rifles and can assume human form. When Gien leaves Dolnero, he takes most of the Zenitts with him to assist him in his plans, and upgraded their armor prior to the raid on the City Guardian headquarters, so the City Guardians' weapons would no longer have any effect on them.
In 30th century, criminals are taken to Londers Prison to be frozen and compressed for room. As a side effect, when a Depression Seal comes off, a prisoner grows to incredible size.
Prisoner #35272, Bomb-Maker D.D. Ladis (爆弾製造犯・Ｄ.Ｄ.ラデス, Bakudan Seizōhan Dī Dī Radesu, 1 & 32): A jellyfish/squid criminal. Arrested for making bombs that he sold to the highest bidder, unaware they were used to kill people, Ladis was labeled an accomplice and was sentenced for 50 years in suspended animation, undergoing freeze-compression right before Don Dolnero. Though thawed, Don Dolnero was going to kill Ladis for being useless until Gien implanted a receiver to make him as dangerous as a Hell's Gate Prisoner. Ladis manages to escape, with Time Green saving him from both his pursuers and Time Fire. Once the remote control's signal was improved, Landis was forced on the Timerangers before enlarging himself. While the others piloted Shadow Alpha, Time Green used the Assault Vextor to blast the controller off of Landis. With Time Fire fighting Gien off before calling V-Rex to hold Landis, Time Green fired the shot that freed Landis while Shadow Alpha re-froze him.
Mad Bomber Jekka (爆弾魔・ジェッカー, Bakudanma Jekkā, 2): A Coccinellidae-themed mad bomber, in for 120 years. He was first of the Londers prisoners to be thawed and unleashed to cause havoc in the city, using his bombs to threaten the government into providing him cash. The Timerangers foiled his plans and Time Red wounded him. However, the attack exposed and removed the Depression Seal, causing Jekka to grow and he started to attack the city. Were it not for Ryuya's intervention, by activating the Emergency System, the Timerangers would have been killed in the ensuing chaos. Jekka was brought in by Time Robo Alpha after being overpowered by its Beta form.
Prisoner #3102, Cash Extortionist Keys (現金強奪犯・キース, Genkin Gōdatsuhan Kīsu, 3): A water flea-like Martian placed in 50-year confinement for using his kind's talent for controlling machines to rob. He can hack into any computer and latch on any large machine, such as cars, to control it as if it was part of his own body. Brought in by Time Robo Beta/Time Robo Alpha.
Prisoner #203, Serial Kidnapper Nabal (連続誘拐犯・ナバル, Renzoku Yūkaihan Nabaaru, 4): The gecko-themed inventor of the Depression Seals who was placed in 200-year confinement for using his work in kidnapping. He kidnapped Sion with no idea he was a Timeranger. Brought in by Time Robo Beta/Time Robo Alpha.
Prisoner #30170, Hitman Mad Blast (殺し屋・マッドブラスト, Koroshiya Maddo Burasuto, 5): A catfish-like hitman who likes killing, taking items from his victims as mementos. Sealed for 15 years with not enough proof to confirm his crimes, he was the one who murdered Yuuri's family. Though Yuuri attempted to kill him, her real objective was to learn the identity of the one who paid him to commit the act, who was Don Dolnero. Brought in by Time Robo Beta/Time Jet Gamma/Time Robo Alpha after Yuuri gained her father's bracelet back from him.
Prisoner #02475, Jewel Thief Rouge (宝石窃盗犯・ルージェ, Hōseki Settoōhan Rūje, 6): A swallow-themed flighty girl with a red eye who, like Lila, has an obsession for jewelry, and was jailed for making strike three. Able to assume the form of women, Rouge left them incapacitated while committing her crimes. The swallow-tattoo on her neck is the only way to identify her while she is in disguise. Under the guise of Tenju, she steals the Moon King Diamond for Lila to repay her for setting her free. When she attempts to steal the Moon Queen Diamond, the Timerangers interfere and she makes a run for it before fighting them. Time Red arrived in time to aid the others, but Time Yellow caused Rouge to enlarge by accident. Not wanting to be a giant, she reluctantly allowed Time Robo Alpha to bring her into custody. Her name is a pun on the word "rouge".
Prisoner #4101, Corrupted Medicine Doc (悪徳殺人医・ドク, Akutoku Satsujini Doku, 7): A surgical vivisection robot who was in for 500 years for using his medical knowledge to murder his patients while giving out large medical bills to their surviving kin. Brought in by Time Jet Gamma/Time Robo Alpha. His name is a pun on the word "doctor".
Prisoner #53, Hijacker Nabokov (ハイジャック犯・ナボコフ, Haijakkuhan Nabokofu, 8): A robot who is able to assume jet form for swift kidnappings. He attempted to kidnap the future master artist Kengi Toba for Lila, dealing with the Timerangers and being wounded by them. After being repaired, he succeeds in his mission. The Timerangers arrived in time to save Toba, with Nabokov covering Lila's escape. Though hit by the Voltech Bazooka, he enlarges and battles Time Robo Beta before being brought in by Time Robo Alpha.
Corrupted Officer Arnold-K (悪徳警察官・アーノルドＫ, Akutoku Keisatsukan Ānorudo-Kei, 9): A crooked traffic cyborg cop who was one of the Don's best friends, before Dolnero found Gien and Lila, using his authority as a police officer to mug people. Found by accident, Don Dolnero revives his old friend, who intended to replace Gien and Lila to restart the Dolnero Family. However, though it pained him, Dolnero gave Arnold an upgrade for his weapon, though it was actually a bomb. As Arnold-K is brought in by Time Robo, Dolnero explains that he chose his current family.
Mercanary Org (傭兵・オーグ, Yōhei Ōgu, 10): A professional Oni-themed assassin. Don Dolnero promised 25 million to him if he killed the Timerangers. Possessing Herculean strength, he carries a broadsword and shoots lasers from his eyes in battle. Brought in by Time Robo Alpha. His name is a pun on the Japanese word for "ogre".
Prisoner #8, Sadist Gougan (愉快犯・ゴウガン, Yukaihan Gōgan, 11): An angel-motif criminal. Having the same regard for life as Gien, Gougan was arrested in 2975 for using his Dream Breaker machine to turn people into sleep-waking mobs to kill each other for his amusement during night-time. Once freed by Gien, Gougan resumed his old habits, until the Timerangers destroyed his machine. Though defeated by Vector Dividing, Gougan enlarges and is brought in by Time Robo Alpha.
Blackmailer Geymark (恐喝犯・ゲーマルク, Kyōkatsuhan Gēmaruku, 12 & 45): A master of blackmail with a laserwhip weapon. He found a refugee Alekesatuosian named Algo and blackmailed him into using his teleporting powers steal for the Londers. When Sion intervened, Geymark took Hayato prisoner to keep Algo under his thumb. In the end, Sion manage to save Hayato and defeat Geymark before he was brought in by Time Jet Gamma/Time Robo Alpha. Around New Year's Eve, Geymark managed to break out of his confinement capsule, thanks to the land lady, though he was still in miniature form. Once the Timerangers found out, Geymark took Time Robota as a hostage. He almost escaped, were it not for Domon's foot crushing him at the last second, the flattened Geymark was put back in storage.
Prisoner #614, Gambler Velito (賭博師・ベリト, Tobakushi Berito, 13): A small alien with a robotic/machine exosuit who was sentenced to 20 years in confinement. The small body is an octopus-themed creature and the robotic body he attaches to is lobster-themed. A fight club owner who would fix the fights to win gambling bets. He used his exosuit to pose as the referee, taking advantage of the losing customers. The Timerangers found out by accident, while hired to look for Shinji Ozaki, who was a victim of Velito's deception. The Timerangers managed to flush Velito out, freezing him with the Voltech Bazooka before he had his exosuit set to autopilot and enlarge itself. As it was only an exosuit and not a criminal, it was destroyed by Time Robo Beta.
Mad Racer Baron (マッドレーサー・バロン, Maddo Rēsā Baron, 14): A former hotshot race car driver and friend of Ayase. Baron was previously convicted with Ayase's testimony for reckless driving that resulted in the death of a pedestrian. Released by Lila to serve as her personal driver, Baron has a grudge against Ayase for betraying him. But after challenging Ayase to another race, Ayase helped Baron see the error of his ways when he got in the way of Baron's car to avoid hitting some pedestrians. However, an angry Lila took control of him using a handheld device, giving him a stronger armor that took control of his actions. The Timerangers were able to break him free from this control, however. Brought in by Time Robo Alpha.
Prisoner #296, Sniper Reihou (スナイパー・レイホウ, Sunaipā Reihō, 15): A professional plant-themed assassin in for 150 years that was released by Don Dolnero to assassinate the Timerangers, though she was only willing to do it for seven million dollars per each ranger. She uses a unique type of bullet that allows her to penetrate the Time Ranger's Chrono Suits. Reihou kidnapped Honami Moriyama after her publisher published an article claiming that she knew who the Timerangers are, and placed a bomb around Honami's neck as she placed her in an open square in a trap to shoot the Timerangers from a distance. With planning, Time Green and Time Pink were able to save Honami while Time Red, Time Blue, and Time Yellow battled Reihou. Once the team gathered, Reihou enlarged herself. Brought in by Time Robo Beta/Time Robo Alpha.
Gourmet Pyromaniac Vincent (美食放火魔・ビンセント, Bishoku Hōkama Binsento, 16): An insect-themed food critic gone mad, who was sentenced for 180 years, though he was released by Gien. Armed with a fork-staff and able to shoot fire from his mouth, he attacked people whose cooking he found horrible, burning their eating estasblishments to the ground. When he burned down the soba shop run by Sugara, Domon took it personally. Using the soda he gave him, named Tak, believed to be from the future, Domon uses it to beat Vincent in a bet. Though losing, Vincent refused to be frozen willingly and enlarges. Though he took advantage of civilian hostages, Time Robo Beta managed to knock him out of the way before Time Robo Alpha brought him into custody.
Blackmailing School Gang Leader Flan (恐喝番長・フラン, Kyōkatsu Banchō Furan, 17 & 38): A gangster in a green mohawk who was released by Lila to increase money supply for the Londers. Assuming the guise of a teacher, he took over the school, conditioning strong students to bully and extort the weaker students. One of those students happened to be Makoto, who became Flan's new puppet. Tatsuya managed to talk Makoto out of Flan's scheme. After being beaten up by Time Red, Flan enlarges. Brought in by Time Robo after fighting all three of its formations.
Terrorist Sandoora (テロリスト・サンドーラ, Terorisuto Sandōra, 18 & 38): Gien used this eye and mouth-inspired shotgun-wielding terrorist to retrieve the Lambda 2000. Gien planned to use the Lambda 2000 by turning it into a Zeta-3 crystal to power his first giant robot/Nova. Sandora successfully invaded Kawasaki Research Lab, putting the area in lockdown. Ayase managed to deactivate the lockdown so the others could run in as Sandoora obtained the Lambda 2000. Confronted by the Time Yellow, Time Pink, and Time Green, he blasted them with his shotgun before Time Red and Time Blue arrived to block his escape. Though he was defeated by the Timerangers and lost the Lambda 2000, Sandoora enlarged himself. Though he managed to severely damage Time Robo Beta with his grenades and rifle, Sandoora was brought in by a weakened Time Robo Alpha as Gien took the Lambda 2000 to convert it into Zeta-3.
Prisoner #8215, Bodyguard Hydrid (用心棒・ハイドリッド, Yōjinbō Haidoriddo, 21 & 38): A samurai/bee stinger-themed criminal who was arrested for being a mafia bodyguard. He was released by Don Dolnero to aid him in his distribution of the PowerSplit Drink, an alcohol from the 30th century that could severally intoxicate humans, with aliens being unaffected by it. Being immune to the effects of the alcohol, Sion was forced to fight Hydrid singlehandedly with the Accel-Stop function on his ChronoSuit, destroying the Power-Split supply in the process. Hydrid enlarged himself before the Voltech Bazooka could be used on him. With Sion handling the control systems, Shadow Alpha brought Hydrid into custody.
Marriage Swindler Barbera (結婚詐欺師・バーベラ, Kekkon Sagishi Bābera, 22 & 38): A Gorgon-like prisoner who was arrested for her ability to seduce men and then rip them off into giving her money after they became obsessed with her. She was released by Lila so Lila could use her talents to make money for the Londers. Among her victims were Tatsuya, Ayase, and Domon, whom she tried to force to kill each other after learning that they were all Timerangers. She tried to do this using her enchanted snakes to take control of them. Defeated singlehandedly by Yuuri after she uses her own sex appeal to snap the three out of their trance. Though hit with the Voltech Bazooka, Barbera enlarged, and was soon brought in by Shadow Alpha.
Prisoner #2707, Energy Thief Uugo (エネルギー窃盗犯・ウーゴ, Enerugī Settōhan Ūgo, 23): A caterpillar-themed Marshallian in for 3 years due to his reckless energy consumption. He had the ability to suck in energy. What makes him dangerous is his kind's ability to unleashes a terrible energy blacklash upon being wounded. He was released by Gien, under the assumption that the Londers could take advantage of the blackouts he causes with his ability. Time Red attempted to stop him on his own, only to be hurt by the ensuing shockwave. Uugo eventually made his way to the power plant, where Gien was stationed and planned to make Uugo discharge every wattage of power to destroy the entire city. The Timerangers interfered, with Time Red using the Assault Vector to defeat him while removing his energy. Gien forcefully enlarged Uugo, who was soon brought in by Shadow Beta.
Assaulter Borg (傷害犯・ボーグ, Shōgaihan Bōgu, 24): An axe-themed bomber in for 10 years, he was released to cause trouble with his love for violence. The violence he caused allowed Don Dolnero to set up his own company, in the aftermath. He pursued Ayase and Honami, with Ayase holding him at bay before Time Yellow arrived. When he knocked Honami uncoscious, Time Yellow and Time Blue double-teamed him. Borg enlarged afterwards, only to be brought in by Shadow Alpha. His name is a pun on the word "borg", a type of cyborg race from "Star Trek".
Prisoner #1524, Mad Scientist Genbu (狂気の科学者・ゲンブ, Kyōki no Kagakusha Genbu, 25 & 26): Arrested for endangering people in his time/space experiments. Being a turtle-like criminal, he had an obsession for turtles. Released by Don Dolnero, he was paid 50 million to eliminate the Timerangers. He managed to trap the Time Rangers in the Genbu Zone, composed of various pocket dimensions of his making based on his research, sicking his Copy Timeranger (コピータイムレンジャー, Kopī Taimurenjā, 25 & 26), copies of the Timerangers at their zenit, on them. Only Time Red and Time Pink escaped the dimension, later managing to use a "in-sync battleplan" to destroy the Genbu Zone and the Timeranger copies from the inside out without harming their friends in the process. Enraged, Genbu enlarged, created a Copy Time Robo Alpha (コピータイムロボα（アルファ）, Kopī Taimurobo Arufa, 26) to fight for him. Once the copy was destroyed, Genbu was brought in by Shadow Beta. He is named after the constellation tortoise of the same name/"Genbu".
Prisoner #1257, Beautician Domiiro (エステティシャン・ドミーロ, Esutetishan Domīro, 27 & 38): A three-eyed beautician who'd do anything for money, whether it was legal or not. He was released to help Lila in her leisure at a resort for 10 million. By poisoning the sea, he gathered red poisoned seaweed for a seaweed wrap facial, hoping that Lila would pay 3 times what she promised. Taking his pollution deeds personally, Sion attacked Domiiro until the others arrived to pursue him as the Tak Robota restored the sea. Though defeated by Time Green, he enlarged, only to be brought in by Shadow Alpha.
Arms Smuggler Hammer (武器密売人・ハマー, Buki Mitsubainin Hamā, 29): A weapons-user with a brick-patterned neck released by Gien to track down the time pulse being emitting from the V-Commander. He battled the Timerangers, while the Zenits tracked down the V-Rex's control device. Naoto gained the device before the Londers could, becoming Time Fire for the first time and using his DV Freezer ability to bring Hammer into custody.
Poacher Master Hunter (密猟者・マスターハンター, Mitsuryōsha Masutā Hantā, 30 & 38): This hunting-themed robot was released by Gien to track down the V-Rex and was able to partially control it with a spear which had a small joystick-like remote control on it. He later enlarged himself so he and V-Rex could double team Shadow Alpha. Once Time Fire freed it of Master Hunter's control, the V-Rex assumed V-Rex Robo form and brought Master Hunter into custody.
Prisoner #0621, Counselor Zektar (カウンセラー・ゼクター, Kaunserā Zakutā, 31): A seahorse-themed mental counselor who went bad and used his Mind Modulator to damage his patients' minds, forcing them back and gaining more money. Once they were broke, Zektar would imprison them and use them in his experiments. Domon investigated, only to suffer psychically as a result. Domon turned the tables and broke free of the Mind Module. Infuriated, Zektar enlarged and uses what he learned from Time Yellow's mind to counter Shadow Beta, until V-Rex Robo arrived and uses Max Blizzard to bring Zektar into custody.
Corrupted Financier Dogoal (悪徳金融業者・ドゴール, Akutoku Kinyū Gyōsha Dogōru, 33): A hammerhead shark-themed criminal with a lobster-like claw for a right hand that shoots energy blasts. He ran a loan shark business for the Don, kidnapping the family of bankers in debt to the Don. The banker man's daughter, Emily Sakura, escaped Dogoal's men and she was soon under Ayase's protection, taking her to Asagiri Mountain where she and her family used to have fun before her mom died. Dogoal managed to catch up to them and battled Time Blue while the other Timerangers saved Mr. Sakura. Through defeated by Time Blue, Dogoal enlarged as the others arrived and formed Shadow Alpha with V-Rex supporting it, using a combo Blizard Slash/Max Blizzard to bring him into custody.
Prisoner #0139, Stalker Detective Abel (ストーカー刑事・アベル, Stōkā Keiji Aberu, 34): An Intercity police officer who turned villainous and became an assassin, using a mind control toxin to recruit others into his assassin group. He was arrested in 2997 by Yuri, whom he became obsessed with, only to be released to make money for Dolnero. He had a reputation for doing business with other unsavory underworld figures as well. Deciding to investigate, she joins the Assassin Group to find Abel. Abel overpowers her and uses his mind control toxin on her, turning her into his ideal pupil to finish the assassination attempt his subordindate failed to accomplish. Time Red intervened and saved Yuuri, giving her the antidote. Once she changed back, Time Pink defeated Abel, but he enlarged and was quickly brought in by Shadow Beta with some help from V-Rex Robo.
Hacker Yuugento (ハッカー・ユーゲント, Hakkā Yūgento, 35 & 38): A big-brained master hacker carrying an extra artificial brain on the end of his cane, making him a super genius. Under the guise of an old man, he uploaded a computer virus into every hospital mainframe, demanding 5 million yen for the anti-virus he possessed. Tatsuya and Naoto managed to find Yuugento, but the fight resulted with Naoto suffering from déjà vu from the D-Sensor, being hit by Yuugento's attack, and having to relive October 22 over and over. Time Red's intervention freed Naoto from the loop, allowing Time Fire and Time Red to defeat Yuugento. However, Yuugento enlarged and reprogrammed the Time Shadow to fight Time Robo Beta until V-Rex Robo undid Yuugento's hacking. All three robots brought him into custody.
Murderous Boxer Boribaru (殺人ボクサー・ボリバル, Satsujin Bokusā Boribaru, Timeranger VS. GoGo V): A criminal boxer who killed over 500 people without remorse, he was sent to lure the Timerangers out by setting a building on fire. However, Boribaru was almost brought in not Pierre's interference making him immune to the Escalation process. Soon after, Boribaru led the Londers Relatives in killing the two sentai teams before being forced to undergo Pierre's Saima Fusion spell to provide his strength for BoriPierre. However, Riding Time Robo Alpha uses the power from Victory Robo to execute a Pressure Prominence that exorcizes Pierre so Boribaru can be brought in.
Arms Dealer Banjan (武器商人・バンジャン, Buki Shōnin Banjan, 36): A pond loach-themed criminal. He sold deadly bombs to gangsters, until City Guardians went in disguise to arrange a setup. Events when out of control when a young thief took both suitcases and uses the Tomorrow Research to deliver the package to him at the airport. Banjan uses another bomb remote control to track down the thief, only to face Time Red and Time Pink, while Domon, Ayase, and Naoto disposed of the bomb as Time Green disrupted the detonation signal. Infuried, Banjan enlarged and was then brought in by Shadow Alpha.
Saboteur Mayden (破壊工作員・メイデン, Hakai Kōsakuin Meiden, 37): A squid-themed designer of various robots, his most famous being the V-Rex. He was released by Gien, even though it was under Dolnero's order. Using it as an excuse to have fun, Mayden abducted Naoto and forced him to summon the V-Rex. From there, Mayden was able to take control of it by a voice-masking device to copy Naoto's voice. While Time Shadow battled the V-Rex, the male Timerangers dealt with Mayden until Naoto managed to regain control of V-Rex and take back the V-Commander. Mayden was soon after brought in by a DV Refreezer Slash/Voltech Bazooka combo. His name is similar in pun to the word "mayday".
Activist of Spirit Glokun (魂の活動屋・グロカン, Tamashii no Katsudōya Gurokan, 38): A film director-themed criminal armed with a megaphone. In Sion's dream, the Timerangers were visited by producer Junichi Machida who gave the team a job to investigate the strange happenings occurring at the new Tokyo Ninja Story movie. Once the film's new title was revealed, "The End of the Timerangers," Glokun revealed himself and used his directing powers to place the gang in various genres from yakuza, to kung-fu, and then sci-fi. Glokun brought in the criminals arrested by the Timerangers for the big fight scene. But when Domon offends him, Glokun decides to forward to the climax, enlarging himself as he placed the Timerangers in Shadow Beta before writing in Naoto, V-Rex, and then Providus. The Timerangers' attacks were ineffective against Glokun as his movie magic made him invincible. When Shadow Beta made a hit, it turned out the last page of Glokun's was gone - as Sion used it to gain Shogo Ogata's autograph, thus saving the gang. With Glokun horrified that he had no ending to his film, the Timerangers aimed to create it - bringing in Glokun with the power of all the robots.
Serial Thief Dova (連続窃盗犯・ドーバ, Renzoku Settōhan Dōba, 40): A chameleon-themed thief sent by Dolnero to steal the Reda Virus vaccine from the City Guardians, so they (The Londers) could sell it to make a great profit out of its importance. Time Fire attempts to keep the vaccine away from Dova before Time Blue battled him, leaving Dova open for attack by Time Red, Pink, and Green. Angered, Dova enlarged himself and battled Shadow Beta and V-Rex Robo before being brought into custody.
Prisoner #4288, Prophet Strauss (予言者・ストラウス, Yogensha Sutorausu, 41): A telekinetic who was arrested for making money on the followers he amassed with his prophecy that the Earth would come to an end in 3001. Released by Don Dolnero and creating the figurehead Hakou, Strauss set up another doomsday cult with his prediction set for 2001. Tatsuya and Yuuri investigated, exposing Strauss' scheme as Time Fire arrived. Once the team gathered, Time Red and Time Pink double teamed Strauss, forcing him to enlarge with Shadow Beta and V-Rex facing him. In the end, Shadow Beta brought Strauss in as his followers disbanded. However, both of Strauss prophecies would later be revealed to have had some truth to them.
Computer Engineer Gate (コンピューターエンジニア・ゲート, Konpyūtā Enjinia Gēto, 46): An arrogant giant girdled lizard-themed figure, Dolnero used him in a plan to hold a science lab for ransom by blowing up a reactor if a large amount of money was not paid out to the Don. Gate accidentally sped-up the detonation time and decided to escape when Time Fire and the City Guardians arrived. While the Timerangers stopped the self-destruction sequence, Time Fire and Gate decided to compete in a quick-draw duel. Gate enlarged and battled with the V-Rex, while the Timerangers were unable to use their Time Jets. With the Time Flyer, V-Rex Robo was able to bring Gate into custody.
These are Londers prisoners confined for the most evil and inhuman acts of the 30th century. Only Gien has the key to the vault that holds them, and he thaws them out so they can terrorize everyone for his own amusement and kill the Timerangers for himself (and the Don).
Prisoner #2034, Hell's Gate Prisoner Blaster Mad (ヘルズゲート囚・ブラスターマドウ, Heruzu Gēto Shū Burasutā Madō, 20): A top-themed criminal imprisoned for the mass-murder of 1,030. He was released by Gien, proving his notorious reputation true by killing civilians with small bombs that resemble toy tops. He overpowered the Timerangers twice in power before he was later brought in by Shadow Beta.
Hell's Gate Prisoner Jagul (ヘルズゲート囚・ジャグル, Heruzu Gēto Shū Jaguru, 28 & 38): He was released by Gien to locate the Time Pulse and enlarge it with a machine. Wielding a nasty firearm, Jagul wounded Time Red, revealing the man's true identity to his father and Naoto. Time Red managed to wound Jagul long enough for him to be brought in by the Voltech Bazooka. Before being recaptured, Jagul succeeded in maintaining the Time Pulse that would allow V-Rex to emerge.
Prisoner #7181, Hell's Gate Prisoner Emboss (ヘルズゲート囚・エンボス, Heruzu Gēto Shū Enbosu, 39): He was infected with a fatal disease, a man-made bacteria known as the Reda Virus. Even if a cure was made for him, he would turn it down as he enjoyed dying and taking others by the thousands down with him. He nearly succeeded in spreading his disease across the city, until Gien arrived and revealed that such a vaccine to the Reda Virus was created, freaking Emboss out as he became determined to destroy it while knocking Time Fire away. Time Blue rescued the vaccine and the whole team defeated Emboss. He was enlarged before being brought in with Shadow Alpha & V-Rex Robo. His name is a pun on the word "emboss".
Hell's Gate Prisoner Harbal (ヘルズゲート囚・ハーバル, Heruzu Gēto Shū Hābaru, 42): A destructive, murderous, and walrus-themed creature armed with a bazooka. Harbal was released by Gien to obtain the Lambda 2000 from the Kawasaki Lab. While Gien fought the Timerangers, he battled Time Fire in a fight that critically wounded Mr. Asami. Once Time Fire defeats him, Harbal enlarged himself and battled V-Rex. Though Harbal was brought in by V-Rex Robo, Gien escapes with the Lambda 2000, thanks to Ryuya's help. His name is a pun on the word "hairball".
Weapon of Mass-Destruction Nova (破壊兵器・ノヴァ, Hakai Heiki Nova, 18 & 19): A Zenitt-headed robot created by Gien and powered by Zeta-3. Put through the freezing-compression system and unleashed, Gien enlarges his creation to destroy the city. With Time Robo still damaged from its fight with Sandoora, the Raimei is deployed to destroy the robot, but Nova proves superior and destroys the Raimei with little trouble. Everything seems hopeless until Time Shadow arrives, able to withstand Nova's arsenal and destroy the fierce robot. However, the explosion from Nova's destruction allows Pierre of the Psyma family to be revived, which is revealed much later.
Combat Bio-Robot G-Zord: (43 & 44) A powerful dragon-themed Zeta-Sensor robot that was lost in a time experiment like the V-Rex in 2994. Though resistant to all forms of external attacks, its only weak point is its Lamada-2000 core. An attack on it is enough to destroy it. The G-Zord appears in the 20th century after Captain Ryuya arrives to negate the end of the 30th century by taking over Tatsuya's position as Time Red to form Shadow Beta and aim for the weak spot. Gien provokes the G-Zord into battle-mode as the V-Rex arrives, with the G-Zord retreating to heal itself. Once healed, the G-Zord resumes its attack on the city. With Time Robo Beta and Time Shadow fighting the robot, Gien uses his machine to siphon the Mute-O energy from the G-Zord, leaving it partially active until Tatsuya destroys the machine and restores the energy. After the Timerangers convinces Ryuya to give the Chrono Changer back to Tatsuya, Tatsuya is able to come up with a strategy to allow the Timerangers to defeat the G-Zord for good by having Time Robo Alpha ride on the V-Rex's back as Riding Time Robo, then jump off to move in from behind and strike the G-Zord's weak spot with its sword. While the G-Zord's remains are taken by the City Guardians, its destruction not only saves the 30th century, but slightly alters its history as well.
Mecha Crisis (メカ・クライシス, Meka Kuraishisu, 46 & 47):A robot with an axe for a right hand and a machine gun for a left hand. Created by Gien and powered by Zeta-3. Crisis is sent to destroy the city. Time Fire and the Timerangers battle it until it enlarges itself, with V-Rex and the Time Flyer fighting it. Once they hear they can destroy it, Time Fire and V-Rex use Max Burning to scrap the robot.
Neo-Crisis (ネオ・クライシス, Neo Kuraishisu, 48-50): Gien's final robot. Neo-Crisis resembles Gien and was created by him to battle the V-Rex. Powered by Lambda 2000, it is also programmed to synchronize with its creator's movements. Once fully functional and enlarged, Gien pilots Neo-Crisis to begin his reign of destruction. Time Fire arrives, with V-Rex, and the two giants engage in a battle, which also ensures the ravaging of the century, via 2001. After defeating V-Rex, Gien decides to find something else for Neo-Crisis to destroy, while the Time-Pulses worsen, until the robot starts to overheat. Gien falls back to make repairs and to plan the actual date of when a third of the world is to be destroyed. During its second attack, Neo-Crisis overpowers V-Rex until Time Jet Gamma arrives and disables Neo-Crisis for a moment. Time Robo Alpha holds off NeoCrisis as Time Red converts V-Rex's Lambda 2000 to Zeta 3. Once Time Robo Beta puts Neo-Crisis in position, the robot is eventually destroyed by V-Rex's Max Burning, causing Gien to shut down and dissolve into nothing as a result.
Each episode ends or begin with a date (usually the date the episode aired), in keeping with the case file theme.
In this special, the Timerangers and Tac take their Time Jets and embark on a time-travel tour to all of the past Super Sentai timelines. Starting with Himitsu Sentai Gorenger in 1975, the Timerangers observe the strengths of each Super Sentai group.
Direct-to-video Movie Released on March 9, 2001 Taking place on October 25, 2000, between cases 35 and 36, the Timerangers confront the Londers criminal Boribaru, who somehow resists the Escalation process once hit by the Voltech Bazooka and runs off. This infuriates Matoi Tatsumi who, with his siblings, are dealing with the fire Boribaru caused to call the Timerangers out, and he criticizes the Timerangers for lacking any spirit. Later, unaware of their civilian identities, the Tatsumi Siblings arrive at Tomorrow Research to get help in finding their father, who mysteriously disappeared, along with their V Braces. When Tac alerts them to a Londers attack, the Timerangers confront relatives of the Londers prisoners they defeated with the Tatsumi siblings watching them transform from afar. By then, it is revealed that the Londer prisoners' new-found invincibility is the work of Spell Master Pierre, the surviving servant of the Psyma family. However, just as Pierre is about to get his revenge, Mondo comes to his children's aid and gives them their V Braces to help the Timerangers. The two Sentai teams fight the prisoners until Pierre makes Boribaru powerful enough to create a time/space distortion that sucks all combatants into pocket dimensions. While others fight for their lives against the prisoners with their transformation devices disabled, Pierre tries to stop Mondo from getting the Sentai teams back until TimeFire intervenes. Having Naoto call in V Rex, who scares Pierre away, Tac links himself to its Chrono Unit while having Naoto order his robot to create a time hole for the teams to assume their Sentai forms and defeat the prisoners, while returning to their time. With Time Fire joining in, the TimeRangers and GoGo V teams manage to freeze the Londers relatives. However, left behind by Don Dolnero and his group, Pierre is forced to use a Saima Fusion spell with Boribaru to become Pierre Bori, who overpowers Shadow Alpha, reverting it to Time Robo Alpha. But in a gambit that could tear apart the fabric of time, Mondo takes advantage to Time Robo's hammer time space to call MaxLiner and GoLiner from 1999 so the GoGoFive can form Victory Robo. With Victory Robo transferring the energies of its Victory Prominence to Time Robo, it assumes Riding Time Robo Formation to V Rex to execute Pressure Prominence to both destroy Pierre and arrest Boribaru. Soon after, as the GoGoFive mecha return to 1999, the two sentai teams part on good terms.
^ Sherman, Fraser A. (30 November 2016). "Now and Then We Time Travel: Visiting Pasts and Futures in Film and Television". McFarland. Retrieved 10 April 2017 – via Google Books.
This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
This article possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (February 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
When an HTTP client (generally a web browser) requests a URL that points to a directory structure instead of an actual web page within the directory, the web server will generally serve a default page, which is often referred to as a main or "index" page.
A common filename for such a page is index.html, but most modern HTTP servers offer a configurable list of filenames that the server can use as an index. If a server is configured to support server-side scripting, the list will usually include entries allowing dynamic content to be used as the index page (e.g. index.php, index.shtml, index.jsp, default.asp) even though it may be more appropriate to still specify the html output (index.html.php or index.html.aspx), as this should not be taken for granted. An example is the popular open source web server Apache, where the list of filenames is controlled by the DirectoryIndex[1] directive in the main server configuration file or in the configuration file for that directory. It is possible to make do without file extensions at all, and be neutral to content delivery methods, and set the server to automatically pick the best file through content negotiation.
If the server is unable to find a file with any of the names listed in its configuration, it may either return an error (generally 404 Not Found) or generate its own index page listing the files in the directory. It may also return a 403 Index Listing Forbidden. Usually this option is also configurable.
Since the index page is often the first page of a Web site that a user sees, it is sometimes used to offer a menu of language options for large Web sites that use geo targeting. It is also possible to avoid this step, for example by using content negotiation.
You'll remember the only polling spot in the entire city was moved outside of the city limits prompting a legal challenge and national coverage.
A judge denied the ACLU's request to open both sites as polling places. The clerk's office said there were no voter complaints on Tuesday. The County Clerk said she will add an additional polling location for 2020.
© | Portions are © Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or distributed.
KSAS provides local news, weather forecasts, notices of events and items of interest in the community, sports and entertainment programming for Wichita, Kansas and nearby towns and communities including Salina, Hutchinson, Garden City, Dodge City, Great Bend, Hays, Colby, Hoisington, Derby, Newton, Kingman, Maize, Arkansas City, Mulvane, Haysville, Eldorado and Andover.
Fox Sports Stories is an independent forward thinking sports website, specialized in alternative sports feature stories in sports business and various male and female sports such as football, basketball, American football and more. ​
Our goal is to educate and entertain, while searching for the deeper psychological, sociological and political meaning of sports.
Studying the underlying event in Drell-Yan and high transverse momentum jet production at the Tevatron [2010]
– After download Dell 5330dn printer driver, you need to install driver Dell 5330dn on your computer then you can perform printing on Dell 5330dn printer.
– Ways of install Dell 5330dn printer driver is very easily but not everyone can do it. In this article, I will be guide you to install Dell 5330dn printer driver on the computer has been installed Windows operating system.
– Almost downloaded files were in compressed file format, therefore to install driver Dell 5330dn you need to unzip it.
– To unzip Dell 5330dn printer driver file, you can use many different software. But, in this article, I use to the common software, it is Winrar.
Step 6: Click to Browse button and choose the Dell 5330dn printer driver file (file extension is .INF) and then click OK
Step 9: Select option, share or not share your printer with other computer in LAN network then click Next.
Archives Select Month January 2016 (186) December 2015 (1656) November 2015 (1631) October 2015 (1397) September 2015 (1133) August 2015 (873) July 2015 (1143) June 2015 (10)
It happens quickly, and it will be ninety degrees before too much longer, but spring in North Carolina is a beautiful, wonderful thing. All over the place the giant piles of pollen, birds singing their hearts out, and squirrels wrassling on tree branches are screaming, "It's spring! Let's reproduce!" And they are doing it. Doing it everywhere you look.
HWWLLB loves spring because he's a flower gardener (he took that pretty picture above). Our backyard is truly lovely this time of year, before the long, blasting hot summer comes and wilts and withers all the living things that right now are busy getting busy. All this nature sex makes me think of that great White Stripes song, Instinct Blues, about all the things in nature that get it (so why don't you?). Of course, you get it. Right?
This year the best thing about spring for me is vegetables. I finally joined a CSA, thanks to the smarts of Miss Billie, and this week we got our first bunch of goodies from Hilltop Farm. To celebrate, I made this giant salad with the romaine, red leaf and red bibb lettuce, radishes and spring onions we got from the farm this week.
For dessert I had a piece of the pecan pie I baked over the weekend with pecans from the tree in our friend's yard. Tomorrow, we feast on pac choi.
Have you heard of CSA? It stands for "Community Supported Agriculture." What it means is that you buy a seasonal share in a local (usually organic) farm, and then get a big box of fresh seasonal produce every week, all throughout the growing season. Here in North Carolina we have a nice long growing season, though the horrible heat of late July/early August sometimes means not much to eat for a little while, but lots of fresh foods most of the year. Here's a list of all the CSA farms you can join in North Carolina.
Something must be in the air. My check went to Mystic Farms not two weeks ago. I'm still awaiting my first delivery, though....In the meantime, can I have some of your salad?
Very cool - have often thought about joining something like that but get lazy at the part where I have to find the program here...maybe I can just move to N.Carolina, since you've already done the finding part. And with my seasonal allergies, the "piles of pollen" sound just wonderful. ;-)
Nice looking salad. Here in New Brunswick, your growing season is considerably shorter. The ground is officially thawed now, quite early this year actually. I remember some years that we had snow in April. Shudder.
Welcome to F# Weekly, A roundup of F# content from this past week: News F# support improvements in Rider 2017.2 JetBrains Rider 2017.2 is released Visual Studio 2017 Version 15.4 Released Visual Studio 2017 Version 15.5 Preview Step-back while debugging w[...]
Welcome to F# Weekly, A roundup of F# content from this past week: Our #fsharp web programming series finishes today – and we're excited to announce the launch of the @safe_stack! https://t.co/F7WMVAIFtV — Compositional IT (@compositionalit) September 22,[...]
Welcome to F# Weekly, A roundup of F# content from this past week: News New Book: “Functional Concurrency in .NET” by Riccardo Terrell Book “F# High Performance” by Eriawan Kusumawardhono is coming. F# Interview Questions Updating Visual Studio 2017 RC – [...]
Welcome to F# Weekly, A roundup of F# content from this past week: News Which of these newer programming languages do you prefer? — Microsoft Developer (@msdevUK) December 8, 2016 FsAdvent eBook is available now Azure Notebooks now support F# The road to [...]
Welcome to F# Weekly, A roundup of F# content from this past week: News 2016 Community for F# Heroes Ballot Hate user voice for F#? Have your say here! Ionide 2.6.0 is released with CodeLens support showing type signature of functions. Join StackOverflow [...]
Welcome to F# Weekly, A roundup of F# content from this past week: News Introducing .NET Standard Second round of Mentorship from FSSF. Ionide F# 2.5.0 for VS Code is released, now you can write in F# Interactive! Comparison to Codahale metrics & Metrics.[...]
Welcome to F# Weekly, A roundup of F# content from this past week: News New book: Learn F# by Isaac Abraham New workshops from fsharpWorks The San Francisco F# User Group The week in .NET: On .NET with Steeltoe – C# Functional Extensions – Firewatch xUnit[...]
Welcome to F# Weekly, A roundup of F# content from this past week: News A whole new GitHub Universe Announcing September 2016 Updates for .NET Core 1.0 The week in .NET: .NET Core 1.0.1 – On .NET with Peachpie – Avalonia – Folk Tale VS Code – August 2016 [...]
F# Weekly #19, 2018 – F# Community Forums, Type Providers for .NET Standard and other news from Build2018
Yubl’s road to Serverless – Part 5 – building better recommendations with Lambda, BigQuery and GrapheneDB
WebSharper 3.2 with support for scriptable applications, better resource management, and additional streamlined syntax
Could not run the “GenerateResource” task because MSBuild could not create or connect to a task host with runtime “CLR2″ and architecture “x86″.
Putting the F# in Finance with Xenomorph TimeScape: A World of Financial Data at your Fingertips, Strongly Tooled and Strongly Typed
Announcing Deedle - Data Frame and Time Series Package for Exploratory Data Programming with F# and C#
Come to the F# Workshop and Tutorial in Pisa, Italy, 27/28 June 2012 - "F# for Education and Innovation"
F# Training in London in January and February: Functional Programming in .NET and Real World F# Programming
New York City F# Meetup Group: High Performance F#, in .NET and on the GPU with Jack Pappas, Tuesday, November 29, 2011, 6:30 PM
I really like the MVC abstraction that UI.Next provides. It seems to provide a better way to create "web controls" that are similar to WebForm controls in the .Net event based UI development model. My concern is that I might be violating some sort of design guidelines on how Vars and Views are suppose to be used within the web framework.
In this example, I need to use the javascript SetTimeout function to get Timer events. So is using setters for Vars the correct way to poke the MVC chain? Are there any sort of race conditions that I need to be concerned with? Or is this an intended use case?
Some time ago I posted a proposal for a Clock abstraction that would make this nicer; I might start a PR for it soon.
Here you can ask questions or answer questions about the different programs used for production. If you need help a certain sequencer then post your problem up.
Flog your old gear here. Please note free party producers is not responsible for the actions of sellers. Be nice!
In total there is 1 user online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 1 guest (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Welcome to my blog. HIV prevalence is not a reliable indicator of sexual behavior because the virus is also transmitted through unsafe healthcare, unsafe cosmetic practices and various traditional practices. This is why many HIV interventions, most of which concentrate entirely on sexual behavior, have been so unsuccessful.
The current plan to circumcise 20 million African adults and countless millions of African infants arose purely from the prevailing view that HIV is almost always transmitted sexually in African countries. If we had tested that view years ago and modified it appropriately in the light of available evidence, the issue of aggressively promoting circumcision and spending billions of dollars of 'aid' money on it would never have arisen. It would have been clear that HIV is not exclusively transmitted through sexual contact, that it is also transmitted through unsafe healthcare, cosmetic and traditional practices.
If circumcision reduces HIV transmission, it could only reduce sexual transmission, not transmission through other modes. It is also only claimed to reduce sexual transmission from females to males; it may increase transmission from males to females and, given that prevalence is higher, often much higher among females in African countries, this may result in circumcision programs increasing HIV transmission overall. In addition, African countries' crumbling health systems would not be able to provide tens of millions of safe male circumcisions; the most basic health services are denied to most people and available services are known to be very unsafe.
We have privileged HIV above all other diseases and we have privileged sexual transmission above all other modes of transmission. By doing this, we have stigmatized every African as sexually promiscuous and every HIV positive African as paying the price for their own behavior; yet we fail to acknowledge that HIV is not always transmitted sexually. So why are circumcisions now carried out so readily in countries where most other kinds of operation and medical procedure are unavailable? Even where other procedures may save people's lives, disproportionate amounts of money are spent on sexually transmitted HIV, including in areas where HIV is certainly not the highest priority, sometimes not even a low priority.
Therefore, in the interest of safe healthcare for all, it is necessary to oppose mass male circumcision programs. They will not reduce HIV transmission much, if at all; they will not be carried out in contexts where safe healthcare is generally available; and they will be carried out in countries where the most common causes of illness and death are generally ignored, despite being far higher priorities than HIV or sexual health. For example, there is an urgent need to address reproductive health more broadly, the overall health of women, infants and children and the health of men who are not HIV positive, nor at risk of being infected through their sexual behavior. Diseases that relate to living conditions, such as TB, that infect far more people than in countries where living conditions are better, also need to be addressed. There are also water-borne diseases that infect, debilitate and kill millions because of lack of access to clean water and sanitation.
HIV needs to be put in perspective; it is a virus, one of many, sometimes sexually transmitted, sometimes non-sexually transmitted. We don't even have any idea of the extent of non-sexual transmission, so we can neither tell how much transmission mass male circumcision could avert, if any, nor can we tell how many people are likely to be infected and/or to infect others as a result of the circumcision programs. Mass male circumcision is part of a much bigger picture, and it's because the bigger picture of HIV is distorted by Western obsession with 'African' sexual behavior that we've ended up with something as stupid as mass male circumcision. People are being denied their right to health care, to safe healthcare, to bodily integrity and to many other things. Circumcision is just one problem and the mass male circumcision problem grew out of our failure to address non-sexually transmitted HIV, safe healthcare and all the more important development areas in developing countries.
I am not an 'intactivist' and I don't advocate for 'intactivism', not because genital integrity is too small or too unimportant an issue; it's because it is just a part of a much bigger picture. Most human rights are being denied in some developing countries, not just a handful of rights. Genital integrity is just a part of something that is too big to ignore: bodily integrity and the other human rights that are being denied to those who are denied their right to bodily integrity. Circumcision itself may do harm, it may do good, it may do nothing. But it is the aggressive promotion of mass male circumcision programs in places where most forms of healthcare are unavailable and most available healthcare is not safe that is most objectionable.
If anyone tells you that healthcare services fail people in high HIV prevalence countries because of stigma, health seeking behaviors, culture, education, tradition, or anything else, remember that healthcare services are far more likely to fail because they are not available to most people; where they are available, they are likely to be unsafe. This is not to say that stigma is not an issue, but it is one that arises from the view, mentioned above, that HIV is almost always transmitted through heterosexual sex in African countries. Education also fails people, and not just in relation to health. Health seeking behaviors, culture, tradition and other issues may well be important issues. But they are of less importance where access to healthcare is poor and where that healthcare is not safe.
Despite lengthy (and lucrative) campaigns telling us that everyone is at equal risk of being infected with HIV, that HIV is an 'equal opportunities' virus, that it's all about sexual behavior, etc, it has long been clear that risk is most definitely not 'equal'. Both men and women who are receptive sexual partners face a very high sexual risk. Men who only engage in insertive sex (i.e. most heterosexual men) and who have no other risks are very unlikely to become infected, so women face higher sexual risks than men. Intravenous drug use is the second biggest risk in most rich countries. But the extent of non-sexual infection through unsafe healthcare, cosmetic and traditional practices in high HIV prevalence countries is not well known and is often not even acknowledged.
In wealthy countries circumcision stands out as an anomaly, where female genital mutilation (FGM) is viewed as a denial of the right to bodily integrity. We don't need to argue against FGM on the grounds that it causes physical (and psychological) damage, or that it may present problems later on in life. The fact that there is a right to bodily integrity is enough, but the anomaly stems from the fact that male circumcision is not seen as a denial of the right to bodily integrity. Some argue for male circumcision as a religious or cultural right, and that is not a problem, as long as it is the adult individual who makes the decision, not the parent.
But in developing countries, there is nothing anomalous about programs funded by Western governments telling people what is good for their health, regardless of broken down and unsafe health facilities, cultural and religious practices, or even human rights. FGM is opposed on grounds that should also be used to argue against male circumcision, yet male circumcision is promoted with the claim that it reduces sexual transmission of a virus, in the full knowledge that the virus is not always transmitted sexually and that it may be transmitted through circumcision itself. Western countries were once opposed to breastfeeding. Indeed, it may have been Western churches that once opposed circumcision in parts of Africa, or at least deemed it unnecessary for people who had been converted to Western religions. Claimed health benefits do not justify mass male circumcision programs.
In developing countries, circumcision is just one issue out of many, the tip of the iceberg. If we were to forget circumcision and concentrate all our attention on some other issue tomorrow no one would be any worse off. Singling out HIV, circumcision or any other issue, divorced from the context that gives rise to the issue, is part of the problem. If we didn't believe the lie that HIV is almost always transmitted sexually in African countries, we wouldn't even be questioning the wisdom of mass male circumcision, and those promoting it would not have received billions of dollars to ride roughshod over African people.
If it was decided that some other kind of intervention reduced HIV transmission, such as giving HIV positive people ARVs long before there is a clinical benefit (it's called Treatment as Prevention) or giving HIV negative people ARVs because they have or may have a HIV positive partner (it's called PrEP, pre-exposure prophylaxis) or give lifelong ARV treatment to pregnant women, rather than a short course of ARVs (it's called B+), those may become as aggressively promoted as circumcision. Sadly, all three of these are already being aggressively promoted even though the net benefit may be low and there may be very serious consequences in terms of transmission rates and health more broadly.
We don't have to do research to know that people need safe healthcare, education, infrastructure and the like, but we seem to avoid getting involved in these basic human rights and instead allude to things like corruption and culture and whatever else journalists and academics tell us is pertinent. Mass male circumcision programs are not wrong because they won't work or because circumcision reduces sensitivity or has anything else to do with sex or the penis. They are wrong because people have a right to bodily integrity, to safe healthcare and to many other things that are currently denied to them.
This is not merely a logical or academic argument against circumcision; we know that we couldn't carry out such programs on our own fellow country people, regardless of any claimed benefits, public health or otherwise; so why are we even discussing doing so in African countries? Aggressive promotion of mass male circumcision programs in African countries, mainly funded and carried out using US money, has got to stop.
[For more about non-sexual HIV transmission and mass male circumcision, see the Don't Get Stuck With HIV site.]
Labels: blood-borne risks, circumcision, cosmetic services, hospital acquired HIV, hospital transmitted HIV, iatrogenic, nosocomial, prejudice, risk, stigma, unaids, VMMC
Follow the money, as always. Who stands to profit from a mass program where specialized medical instruments are used for the purpose of obtaining human tissue that can then be used by western pharmaceutical companies to produce high priced substances that are then sold to other westerners? Africa is the new source of foreskins due the the rapidly declining rate of neo-natal circumcisions in the United States, due to intactivists informing the public of the needless nature of amputating foreskins and the barbaric techniques employed on non-consenting infants.
Quite. But even if people in Europe and other non-circumcising countries believed all the hype about the 'medical benefits' of circumcision, how can they believe that it is enough to justify this kind of program? Those benefits are not being used to persuade people in Europe, if it's so beneficial, why not push for it everywhere? Insisting that almost all HIV transmission is a result of heterosexual sex in African countries, but nowhere else, is one of the main reasons why this kind of travesty can even get traction, the willingness of everyone to accept a fundamentally racist view of African HIV epidemics.
The African culture is so strong that it will take a miracle for it to change. Personally i don't have a problem with that so long as they don't use the same knife for everyone. That's my opinion!
Only around 10% of those targeted for circumcision have been circumcised, but it's early days and there are several billion dollars available to push the operation. If only using the same knife was the only risk! The HIV industry have not shown that circumcision is of any net benefit at the population level nor shown exactly why it should play any part in HIV transmission. Many countries with high HIV transmission rates find that prevalence is higher among circumcised than uncircumcised men. So the proposal is to spend a lot of money on something that will do little good and may do a lot of harm in countries where there are so many things that could be done with a few billion dollars.
If something is hyped, it deserves careful scrutiny. The more I hear about certain people and phenomena, the more I suspect them.
[UPDATE: August 10 2014 - I am completely revising this short history and posting the new version in parts, on this blog and on my other bl...
Sometimes a myth becomes so much repeated that it is almost impossible to persuade people even to think about it and consider if it makes an...
Internews describes itself as an "international non-profit organization whose mission is to empower local media worldwide to give peo...
In 2010 a BBC article reported: “HIV has become the leading cause of death and disease among women of reproductive age worldwide”. We are ...
It's only two weeks since Michel Sidibe publicly threatened UNAIDS employees ungrateful enough to speak out about sexual and other misc...
[Reposted from the Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis (PrEP) Blog] After years of trying to create a market for pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) ...
Offering money to young girls in return for an undertaking by them to have less sex, or to take precautions against infection with sexuall...
UNAIDS reached 20 and became 21 without anyone really noticing. HIV prevalence had peaked in some of the worst affected countries by the t...
In an article about a nightclub in the south of England , where couples can go one night a month so that the woman can have sex with black ...
Yet another study delves into the socio-economic, behavioral, biomedical and sexual lives of young girls, this time in Malawi. The study i...
Top 10 latin dating websites brazil cupid is one of the most popular latin dating sites on the cupid there were women all the time on this site with. Latinopeoplemeetcom is a niche, latin dating service for latin men and latin women become a member of latinopeoplemeetcom and learn more about latin dating online.
10 things guys shouldn't do when dating a latina 18 sexy bikinis for women size 10 and up the 15 best foundations for every skin tone.
Find dominican women & colombian girls for latin mail order brides latinromantic is a latin dating site where single men can meet latin ladies interested in. Amolatinacom offers the finest in latin dating meet over 13000 latin members from colombia, mexico, costa-rica, brazil and more for dating and romance. “latina women & latino men interracial dating” we specialize in bringing together singles of different races who want to date latina women or latino men.
Amo - brazilian dating site, where you can be dating a brazilian woman meet foreign women and singles in brazil for friendhip or to marry.
Caldwell's best 100% free latina girls dating site meet thousands of single hispanic women in caldwell with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of spanish women in. Find your latin beauty at the largest latin dating site chat with over 3 million members join free today. Welcome to latin love search - busco amor latino - latin singles dating site here you can get in touch with all kinds of attractive single women and men. Home page of latin life mates, inc dating colombian women single columbian women single latin women colombian wife. Latin women online, unlike other dating sites, all single colombian women, a beautiful latin woman profiled on this site could change your life for the better.
Read our reviews of the best latin dating sites that feature latin women from colombia, mexico, peru, brazil and other latin & north america dating sites. “connecting singles across the world to their ideal partner,” amolatina is one of the top dating sites for latin men and women,.
Latinos are very social and that means that if you're a senior you still have the passion to have fun and date so visit us now and meet 100s of latino senior singles, latino senior dating.
Big butts date 2,503 likes 15 talking about this big butts dating site the one and only dating site where women with really big butts and men who.
Personal participation in the open MR(Mixed Reality)experiment in Asuka, Nara Prefecture.Visit to Professor Katsushi Ikeuchi of the University of Tokyo's Institute of Industrial Science. Proposal for a future experiment with 4D including scent.
Is it possible to draw simple lines with framer.js? I need to recreate the android pattern unlock screen... – Framer
Is it possible to draw simple lines with framer.js? I need to recreate the android pattern unlock screen...
To explain: on swipe/drag, fade in the line, or another approach is to pull it gradually (move the layer on x, y, or x+y axes) as a separate layer. Also you could try to add an iFrame pointing to custom CSS/HTML/JS that would allow you to do the drawing dynamically: http://www.williammalone.com/articles/create-html5-canvas-javascript-drawing-app/#demo-simple Keep in mind these are 10k view ideas that just occured to me :)
Hi, I use the approach Svet Denkov described. It works, even when a little crazy. you can check on this: hover the balls, and several "lines" come out of it. They are all divs with variable height and 2px width, rotated as needed.
Not natively. I wrote some code how to straight lines in any directions. You'd need to work on it, but it's a good starting point. You can see it here.
Hi all!! New to Framer from Principle (and new to this community!). I'm having trouble with getting a button to show a different screen on click. I have two screens in sketch that are in two different artboards (would it be better to do pages?). The button that's on one of the screens should take the prototype to the next screen. I've been able to get the interactions working on the first screen with the exception of the button. Here's a picture but I can recreate a version using boxes to replace the content in the screens in sketch if it would be easier to share a sketch file to understand what I'm referring to. Thanks in advance! – Framer
Hi all!! New to Framer from Principle (and new to this community!). I'm having trouble with getting a button to show a different screen on click. I have two screens in sketch that are in two different artboards (would it be better to do pages?). The button that's on one of the screens should take the prototype to the next screen. I've been able to get the interactions working on the first screen with the exception of the button. Here's a picture but I can recreate a version using boxes to replace the content in the screens in sketch if it would be easier to share a sketch file to understand what I'm referring to. Thanks in advance!
Hey Samihah, welcome to Framer! Here's a quick example I made: http://share.framerjs.com/jby72y6ker60/ Using artboards isn't bad, but just be mindful as you design of how Framer's importer handles them. "The x and y properties of the most left artboard on your canvas will be set to 0, 0. All other artboards are positioned relative to this one." (from http://framerjs.com/learn/import/sketch-tips/#artboards)
Enrique , Rushir and Saurabh: 2 of the designers on the design team at One Medical that are also working on consumer-facing products are really good at prototyping, and like the flexibility of Framer that some of these other tools don't have. Also, we're using coffeescript rather than the wysiwyg so even if we move away from Framer, we at least will have the coding knowledge that we can apply elsewhere, whereas with Principle and Pixate, you can't really do that. Tools are changing all the time and there's no clear winner yet for prototyping tools. We want to use something that can be a bit more lasting and learning coffeescript gives us the knowledge of the logic structure of programming that we can apply elsewhere. Our other top choice was just storyboarding in xcode, but since we have and support Android users (and web), storyboarding in xcode wouldn't give us the flexibility that we need. We needed to consider our users beyond mobile, as well as consider the needs of our colleagues designing software on the medical provider side which is more of an internal/enterprise experience.
It is said that no one gets out of childhood unscathed. That may be true, but clearly, some are more scathed than others. You may be one that is feeling lost and alone; depressed and sad; or maybe unwanted and unloved. If so, there is one thing you need to know above all else. Despite all the abuses of this life, you are a child of God. You are wonderfully and awesomely made. And God loves you just as you are, without conditions. If you know nothing else, you must know this simple truth; this good news. If you have a church home we encourage you to attend regularly. If not, come explore the wonders of God’s love with us this Sunday morning at 10:45. We are the Francis Street First United Methodist Church, 12th and Francis, downtown St. Joseph. I’m Mike Perry, one of the leaders there and we’ll save a place, just for you. – Mike Perry
take the downtown exit (northbound, Edmond Street; southbound, Felix Street) and follow east approximately 10 blocks to 12th Street. Turn left (north) and follow to Francis Street. Church is on left, parking lot on right.
take US Highway 36 west to the 10th Street exit and follow north approximately 18 blocks to Francis Street. Turn right (east) on Francis Street and go two blocks. Church is on right side at 12th Street.
Take Exit 47, Frederick Avenue, and follow the I-29 business loop west to 12th Street. Turn left (south) and follow 3 blocks to Francis Street.
Now we have entered the year of 2017, and many diggers probably think about getting a new detector for the new season. Some has even already started to dig on the 1st and 2nd of January, and others, like me, waiting for when the end of the wind, the cold and the snow go away. The first fields will be ploughed, and there will be new discoveries. Over the past year I have used several detectors that I have borrowed from fellow detectorists, to write about the devices in our blog. I can tell you about and recommend some detectors that came out in the last couple of years and are worth paying attention to.
Let me remind you the main idea and the thought of detecting – the detector isn’t the most important thing. The detector is only like a helper, a little helper that will get you a signal, but to dig or not to dig is completely your decision and, in fact, the more you dig, the more finds. Any detector will bring finds. So let’s get going!
We will split the detectors into several groups – for beginners (or, as a second / alternative), for more advanced detectorists, and the professional detectors. Note that this rating is purely my opinion, inspired by my experience and observation, and there is no “best” or “worst” detectors here because it there will never be a “perfect” Detector.
If you have just started thinking about starting to detect, then my advice to you – do not immediately chase the coolest and top-end device. The best thing to start is to gain experience, skills and answer yourself the key question: “Is detecting interesting to me?”. Maybe it’s just a “temporary thing”.
As practice shows, even though it is not obvious if you will detect in the future or not, but sometimes it’s better to think about the future. F44, at the moment, is one of those devices that has good potential and can show themselves even better with a new coil of a third party. F22 can be a good and cheap alternative with enough relevant features and quite a great price for a beginner! The main advantages in Fischer is: the lightness, 2 batteries, good for their class of depth, the VDI performance (you can determine the type of metal beneath the coil and better identify an object in the ground with the help of screen + sound), backlight, volume control (especially important for those who like to dig at night or in silence). More about Fisher F44 can be found here.
How many diggers say: “Thank you Grandpa for Garrett Ace 250” and this is largely true. Since this product has brought up not one generation of diggers, but everything has its time and now we must admit that the Ace 250 is “out of date”. Even despite the fact that the Ace was subjected to many improvements in the past, but its life came to retire a few years ago. Many will argue and argue, but it is better for almost the same price to take the new Ace 300 or 400. These devices have fewer settings than the Fisher, but they will bring you finds. Pros of the new Ace compared to the old: the VDI, improved characteristics for signal identification and separation of metals. More about Garrett ACE 400i here.
Starting to get a little old, but they can still show themselves out in the field. At least until a considerable alternative for the same price / quality gets released by Minelab. The detector itself considering the functional / performance is very sensible for its price. More about the Minelab X-Terra 305 here.
Probably one of the cheapest detectors that can now be bought. It is suitable for the detection of coins, or for “war relics hunting”. Like all devices for beginners it has no special “miracles”, it is a simple and functional working machine. It is lightweight and compact, and this is necessary for a starting detectorist.
PS I think it would be important to add that each device can get a little better, but not even a little, if you get a better coil for it. The standard coil 8 “-10” may often be insufficient for detecting, so many diggers take additional coils of the sizes 13 “or even 15”. A larger area is scanned in one swing + greater detection depth (also a little more digging of course).
If on one day or over one / two seasons you realize that your detector is “outdated” and it is necessary to take something better and more serious, it is still not recommended to go directly into the section of professional devices (although someone does). Also, if you have borrowed some simple detector from your friends, and went detecting with them, and want to dig with your own device and you have decided to get one for yourself, then you can also look in this range of detectors. You can buy a used detector for a good price, or take a new one, but with guarantee, and maybe without unpleasant surprises.
This is the detector with which I started off the season and used as a primary since its arrival on the store shelves here. Its search frequency is high, and it has a sufficient number of functions (very simple, very easy to set up), but with good depth and determination of metals in the soil. One of the interesting advantages it has is vibration. Yes, to not work with headphones and without sound, you can work with vibration and with a little illumination at the signal. A lightweight and well-balanced detector, it has a good detection of coins, especially the small and silver ones (thanks to the high frequency). More about the Makro Racer 2 here.
This detector is common to see in fields, but still the releasing of some of the new models are slowly pushing it to the background, I would not be so categorical in this metal detector. It is necessary to look closely at some very useful properties – geological exploration mode that helps you find some missing and deep targets in the ground, as well as the ability to work on multiple frequencies. Coupled with two or three-frequency coils, it becomes the most multifunctional detector in its class, and if you look at the price, you start to think about acquiring the Minelab X-Terra 705 + Nel Tornado coil (3 frequencies). You can detect in the woods, fields and even beaches. Three frequencies do their job. More about the Minelab X-Terra 705 here.
Probably the simplest detector in its class. Turn it on, adjust the ground-balance and start detecting. And it sure brings some good finds! If detecting for you is just going to the nature with a friend to find a couple of coins, then the AT Pro is the option for you. For a salty sea beach, it will not work, but to go with it along the freshwater reservoirs will be very interesting. More about Garrett AT PRO here.
The closest competitor to Garrett AT PRO for the ease of operation. Quite a popular detector in Europe and the US, it is only necessary to look at where it is and where it is not commercially available. To collect coins with it would be the best. Those who hunt small crosses and jewelleries can also consider this detector. Very easy, my feeling is that it is even easier than the Garrett AT PRO, powered by one 9V battery, thanks to the sound and VDI performance you can better understand what is underneath the coil. I do not know, but the sound of Teknetics and Macro Racer 2 I love more than any others, it provides more information about an object, and this is important if you dig with headphones. More about Teknetics G2+ here.
If you have enough skills and the necessary budget, then you can think about a professional detector. What is better with a professional metal detector? Only two things: you will dig less and leave more time to study the detector, than any of the devices above. But after passing the stage of getting used to the professional device (sometimes it takes up to three months or more!) The effectiveness of the detecting and the number of finds is already amazing … You will get more deep finds, and you will have finds on places where other detectors wont. Sometimes it happens that beginners immediately take professional devices which I would not recommend. The time which will be spent on the understanding of the device and on the understanding of detecting, but without the proper experience, will simply lead to the fact that the detector will be sold, and you will lose interest in detecting.
Recently, in my conversation with a salesperson who sells metal detectors in Bulgaria, the seller told me that “there are only two really serious and good detectors in the world – the Fisher F75 with DST technology and XP Deus”. The Fisher F75 I still only have started to understand, and the Deus have I been familiar with for quite a long time. F75 – a real workhorse and pretty cheap after it became the most affordable real professional unit on the market at the moment. A lot of necessary and useful features (even ploughed fields mode), decent depth, metal separation, detection of metals at a good depth (a fellow detectorist once dug out 5 kopecks from USSR at a 40-cm depth – the signal was clear) and if you attach some additional coils you will get more depth and a great advantage over other diggers. Always it with the DST logo on the box! More about Fisher F75 here.
“Divine,” as it is jokingly referred to by many. Part of it is, it was difficult to adapt to this device and even now, through the season, I find it hard to say that I have understood this device. Mostly I was pleased with it, and sometimes not. But there is no ideal detector, and neither is this. Even though right now there is nowhere else such as a compact and lightweight detector without wires or with wireless headphones as the XP Deus. Sometimes it upsets me that it can only be used with the company’s own coil, without third-party manufacturers. The device is not cheap, the “iPhone” in the world of metal detectors. I would say that everything in it is balanced, there are different search modes, and you can start looking for a very simple, gradually creating their own modes and settings. The device is more appropriate for those who wants a stronger challenge in finding the perfect set-up mode for a specific type of search. The detector is pretty popular. More about the XP Deus here.
What can be said about this device? Heavy, it has multifrequency technology, lots of settings and modes. To understand it you will need a long time, there has even been written and published books on the secrets of this detector. I read one of the books and was impressed by this detector. In general, most professional and semi-professional by Minelab are made pretty well, and if you acquire such a device, having spent many months to study it, you can get some pretty serious finds even on places that has been detected several times before. At least fellow detectorists who has this detector constantly give it good feedback for its characteristics and functions, and indeed I have seen many such detectors in the field and seen what they can do, but it also has some weight…
I have tried to collect those detectors that have been released over the past few years or are still of interest because of improvements that have been made to them. And taken into account the trends in 2016 was helping me, and MD store which is located not far from me. I hope that my modest rating, but not even the rating, my advices on choosing a detector will help you decide what model to acquire. Also, remember to take into account your own experiences and your fellow detectorists’. Anyway, you must remember, a metal detector does not bring the finds, you do, I just gathered the worthiest detectors to mention from the different categories based on my opinion.
Makro Racer 2 – new detector review by Makro company, released in 2016 (+ video review and air test!)
Very good, Detectorist. You have provided well explained reasons for your choices, in my opinion, as well as sound presentation. Concise, and to the point. You have ‘hit the nails on the head’, I think.
It’s important this grout be replenished each individual six months or so, otherwise, you might end up with cracks and chips in your tiles. Rejuvenated grout can help reduce mold, protect your tile, and give your lavatory a thoroughly clean and full seem.
Please support us ensure it is greater by permitting us know if you location a bad url or if you understand of an agency we haven’t cited. Get in touch with us at tradelicensing@angieslist.com.
Then, the liner will probably be loaded into a equipment known as the “shooter” All set for inversion. Together with the aid of air strain, the liner might be blown within out on to the weakened pipe forming a whole new interior.
HomeAdvisor takes advantage of the next conditions to display and approve services Specialist businesses at some time they submit an application for membership inside our network:
Security We have several years of encounter and also a strong standing to help you be assured that you choose to, your house and your plumbing program are in safe, dependable fingers.
Angie’s Checklist pays all remaining expenses. In case your assert in opposition to Angie’s Record is for under $one,000, we can pay all expenses. If you believe You can not afford to pay for the AAA's fee, chances are you'll use into the AAA for a fee waiver.
How to find a professional plumber Irrespective of whether You will need a smaller or significant plumbing occupation completed, the first step is finding a really capable plumber in your area.
This is certainly devoid of doubt the most beneficial all-round plumbing company I've used in Sydney. Starting from the welcoming reception from an Original enquiry, in the reminder provider the evening prior to the appointment, the no-fuss and Expert quoting course of action (and very acceptable and competitive pricing), and the fast and significant-quality resolution in the quoted perform, this was a really easy plumber experience. Highly recommended.
Should your browser would not inquire you, try these methods: At the highest of your respective Chrome window, near the net handle, click on the inexperienced lock labeled Secure.
Renovation may perhaps incur significant expenses in a few situations but that does not suggest you may no more pay for 1. Hills Emergency Plumber offers remodelling products and services to consumers with a good funds. We will renovate your toilet with your required style and design and final result.
Although Angie’s Listing functions challenging to make certain that you happen to be linked to excellent assistance professionals, It truly is eventually your choice to choose the suitable service provider for your personal challenge.
Shell out using a paper path: Pay the provider Specialist click here with a bank card or Test, not money, and only pay out the provider Specialist or organization that you simply observed on Angie’s List.
Hills Crisis Plumber is the most effective plumbing provider providers in Sydney. It's got manufactured a superb track record over its many years of high quality plumbing expert services from devoted and experienced personnel and wonderful customer care.
Go through More What to do if a Fuel Leaks and the way to protect against it from Occurring Once again Fuel leaks may click here not be typical as street incidents nevertheless it’s a perilous risk that homeowners shouldn’t consider lightly. The two key threats of getting […]
Update (01.02.09) – Version 1.2 – Customizable settings and new psychedelic mode Update (01.11.09) – Version 1.23 – Now fits in under 256KB file. It has been said that every dot in the True Dobbshead is itself a True Dobbshead. … Continue reading →
Posted in Projects	| Tagged fractal, free, infinite, recursive, screensaver, subgenius	| 31 Comments
KilledByAPixel @dforceiam @AustenAllred @rsg We started with Eiffel. Personally, I think Java is an excellent language to start with.
KilledByAPixel I am working on a game called π√. Check out this short video of the first couple minutes! https://t.co/L0wtpiI1u3
KilledByAPixel Just released my HTML5 game "Super Aspen" playable in browser on #Newgrounds! https://t.co/xwdtEdxSmN
Ludum Dare 34 had two themes “Growing,” and “Two button controls”. I tried to hit both making a 2 button controlled infinite runner with a vine growing in front of you. This was my first time using Unreal for a game jam, and tried … Continue reading →
It's OK robaxin tablets side effects Tatyana Lokshina of the American-based campaign group Human Rights Watch said after meeting Snowden on Friday that he saw no problem with Putin's asylum conditions because he believed he had done no harm to the United States. Putin did not say what prompted him to believe Snowden's stance was shifting. potenzpillenkaufen.com The global memory chip market has rallied since late 2012due to a supply crunch caused by years of cautious investment tosupport prices, and conversion of factory capacity to producemore profitable chips used in smartphones and tablets. duramale canada Consumers' view on inflation eased from September following the Federal Reserve's decision to refrain from paring its $85 billion monthly bond purchases to support the economy recovery. Mortgage rates and other consumer borrowing costs fell from a month earlier. medgate.ch They struggled again in their second innings and were 164-6 before a resolute 71 from wicketkeeper Brad Haddin got them within touching distance of the 311 needed to win the Test, before finally being bowled out 15 runs short of their target. moxifloxacin goodrx LONDON, Oct 23 (Reuters) - Britain's Premier Oil Plc cut its output guidance for the year by up to 10 percent, itssecond downgrade in four months, blaming pipeline issues atprojects off the coast of the UK and Vietnam.
I would be delighted to write a psychology and/or therapy related guest blog post for your site or organisation. Please see the reviews from previous organisations I have written for below, and email me if you are interested in me writing for you.
I have experience in facilitating tutoring services for those studying psychology. Please contact me regarding private tutoring with assignment writing, exam preparation and all other topics in psychology.
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any other enquiries regarding services you think I could provide you and/or your organisation. I will be happy to discuss these with you.
"Fraser's recent article in Psychreg demonstrates his psychological insights which are both open-minded and incisive" - Dennis Relojo, Founder of Psychreg
"I rarely come across people who have the same level of enthusiasm and passion for psychology and helping psychology students/Graduates but Fraser is definitely a level above..the guest post Fraser wrote on PsychAssist received raving reviews with many students and graduates having a clearer picture and path to becoming a counselling psychologist! The information and advice given was invaluable and inspirational" - Abdi Mohamed, Founder of PsychAssistBlog
"Fraser was helpful and very knowledgeable. He is a good tutor and I would definitely recommend him."
Frases365.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com
This delicious dry white wine is a personal selection by Christophe Duberge, owner and winemaker at Chateau Saint Sulpice. Carefully blended from Sauvignon Blanc (80%) and Semillon (20%), the wine is dry yet full flavored, mineral and long to finish.
Terroir: For 300 years, the Dubergé family has grown wines with care and passion, uniting the best traditions of Bordeaux with a modern sensibility. The family vineyards are located in the northern reaches of the Entre-Deux-Mers where soils and climate are almost identical to the neighboring appellations of Saint-Emilion and Pomerol.
With an intense aroma and flavor of green grapes, honeysuckle, pineapple and mango, this delicious dry white is the perfect pair for all salads, cold meats, cheeses and is an excellent aperitif wine.
Fresh lemon and mirabelle plum notes stream through, laced with verbena and chamomile threads. Rounded, friendly feel on the finish. Sauvignon Blanc and Smillon. Drink now.
How do you do? biehealth.us ghr reviews Lucy Rocca set up the website soberistas.com, where addicts can meet to ‘resolve their problematic drinking patterns’. ’Around 90 per cent of members are women between the ages of 30 and 50,’ she says. ‘Most are mums. Some are drinking a bottle of wine a night, others two or three.’ herbal ignite vs niagara I have also received a letter about council tax from the Customer Services department of my local authority. I was under the impression that a “customer” was a person who chooses to make a purchase – council tax is not an option. nf cure snapdeal It’s important to do this now rather than when Clearing courses come online as the list can be a little dazzling. Rarely are the right decisions made under such pressure. Approach it knowing what you’re looking for and the experience becomes much simpler and much less daunting. vital proteins collagen peptides amazon The FEC unanimously approved two advisory opinions that were requested after the Supreme Court's decision in June striking down the Defense of Marriage Act, a law which denied federal benefits to married gay couples. The FEC decisions place it among the first federal agencies to approve new rules following the high court's decision. pbpharmagroup.com BEND, Ore. -- An 86-year-old Oregon man on trial for the shooting death of his wife carried out the attack after a series of grievances with his family that prosecutors said included the failure of his stepdaughter to wish him a happy birthday and his complaint that his wife put the lid on the ketchup bottle too tightly.
Not much was achieved blog-wise, but behind the scenes I’ve been busy. We had a child, a wonderful boy who will turn two in September. Six months paternity leave just wooshed by. It was glorious. I barely touched a computer for half a year. That’s an experience I can heartily recommend.
Also, this experiment is coming to a close. In August we’ll be moving back to Uppsala. Turns out homesickness is a powerful thing. Good-bye Piteå, we had a good run.
Disclaimer: All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. desiaunty.org has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. This site is rated with RTA label. Parents, you can easily block access to this site.
Click here to direct you to the Quotation Page where you can enter the details of the car you require
Price per month < £149 £150 - £249 £250 - £349 £350 - £449 £450 - £549 £550 - £649 £650 - £749 £750 - £999 > £1000
** New Quarter 3 Prices ** SEPTEMBER STOCK DEAL - Only X10 Cars In Solid Rodium grey ** Cruise control, Rear parking sensor, Full Link App interface, Hill hold control, 18" Alloys, etc ** Please Note: Freedom charge a £199+Vat Processing fee which is payable upon signing of your Client Vehicle Order and prior to delivery ** (6) Images are for illustration purposes only
Contract length 12 months 24 months 36 months 48 months 60 months Price per month < £149 £150 - £249 £250 - £349 £350 - £449 £450 - £549 £550 - £649 £650 - £749 £750 - £999 > £1000
ATI Drivers Update Utility For Windows 7 64 bit updates your Windows 7 x64 (64 bit) drivers for ATI Laptops automatically. It will scan your Windows 7 first then download and install 64 bit ATI official drivers to let your ATI Laptop work properly. The ATI Drivers Update Utility keeps your ATI laptop Windows system up-to-date. It detects which driver updates are relevant to your computer, and then helps you install them quickly and easily. The utility is the Windows 7 x64 (64 bit) version so do not install it on your 32 bit Windows.
NEW questions about the Governmentis policy on eFrankenstein foodsi were raised last night when it emerged that Lord Sainsbury retains control of his £500 million charitable trust that pumps millions into genetically modified crops. Despite insisting he has severed all links with the GM industry, the Science Minister still holds ultimate ehire and firei power at The Gatsby Foundation. Since 1990 alone, the foundation has injected £l8milllon into the study of genetically engineered organisms. A Daily Mail investigation has also established that the billionaire ex-chairman of Sainsbury's supermarket chain maintains a web of other links after placing close friends in charge of his other extensive investments in GM technology.
The dossier is the most conclusive evidence yet to back up accusations that the Minister - who was one of New Labouris biggest donors in opposition - is involved in a eblatant conflict of interesti by being in charge of decisions that could affect his own shares. Tony Blair has admitted that Lord Sainsbury has huge influence over GM policy.
Green campaigners and senior Tories demanded his removal, saying it was unacceptable that a Minister so deeply convinced of the virtues of GM food should be taking sensitive decisions about what appears on our plates.
Although Lord Sainsbury has not attended any meetings of Gatsby since becoming a Minister in July 1997, no longer takes part in its grant-making decisions and cannot benefit financially from the charityis donations, according to the foundation he still retains the crucial power to appoint and dismiss its trustees.
In another blow to his claim of impartiality, it emerged that Gatsby also finances a so-called epublic information servicei - a propaganda campaign that is vigorously promoting genetically modified food - called Biotechnology in Our Future.
The vast majority of the foundationis GM investment has gone into building the 100-employee Sainsbury Laboratory for Plant Molecular Pathology in Norwich, the pet project which Lord Sainsbury set up 12 years ago.
It leads the field in research into the genetics of plant disease resistance, receiving two-thirds of its funds from the Gatsby Foundation and the rest - £800,000 a year at the last count - from the Biotechnology, Biology Scientific Research Council.
Tories were furious at this revelation because Lord Sainsbury decides the level of Government funding for the BBSRC. Perhaps it is no surprise that the councilis £185million a year funding is set to rise by £23niillion a year over the next three years.
The laboratory has also set up a company called Plant Biosciences Ltd to market any commercial spin-offs of its genetic research.
The links go even further. Although Lord Sainsbury claims to have ended his formal connection to the foundation and his companies - he quit as Sainsbury's chairman when he became a Minister - his personal connections to Gatsby are close. His friend John Ashworth, the former director of the London School of Economics, now head of the British Library, is the principal adviser to the foundation as well as being a non-executive director of J Sainsbury plc.
The foundation also funds a string of other GM-linked organisations, such as the International Service for Acquisition of Agribiotech Applications America-center Other donors to this organisation include Monsanto, the controversial T1S corporation which is at the forefront of research into genetically modified food.
One of the trustees of the foundation is Judith Portrait, the Sainsbury familyis lawyer. Through her, Lord Sainsbury retains another link to the GM food industry. She is trustee of the entirely-separate eblind trusti which holds Lord Sainsbury's £l billion shareholding in the family supermarket empire, Through this body Lord Sainsbury owns shares in a company called Diatech which develops enatural science engineeringi and another called Innotech Investments Ltd.
Innotech owns biotechnology companies such as Floranove Ltd. a plant breeding company in Norfolk. The firm has also invested in Paradigm Genetics, an agricultural biotechnology company based in North Carolina.
Critics are furious that Lord Sainsbury continues to present himself as an impartial judge over GM foods. They point out that he once said:
If someone waved a magic wand and said I could be a Nobel Prize winner in plant genetics or a successful chairman of J Sainsbury, I would find it a very difficult choice.
As chairman, he made sure that genetically modified tomato paste went on Sainsburyis shelves. Yesterday Charles Secrett, chairman of Friends of the Earth said the latest revelations meant Lord Sainsbury should not be allowed to remain in a job where he could influence the profitability of his own investments. He added:
When Sainsbury comes out of government he is likely to be handed back his commercial interests in GM food. His laboratory will be at the forefront of the science partly thanks to money he indirectly approved through the BBSRC. And there is likely to be a culture of acceptance of GM food that as a Minister he is likely to have helped to foster eWe believe Lord Sainsbury is an honourable man, but from the outside this looks like the perfect business plan.
Following the Mailis revelations, Shadow Trade Secretary John Redwood last night submitted a series of Parliamentary questions to Ministers seeking more information about Government links to the gene Industry. He also wrote to Trade Secretary Stephen Dyers demanding Lord Sainsbury's removal as a Minister responsible for GM foods
After more than a decade of food scares and scandals, is it surprising that we trust neither government nor industry? That we're suspicious of the genetic manipulation of food and we want the Government to act? That we want to know what is really going on and we want to make our own choices? We are deluding ourselves if we think that choice will solve all the problems. As the food chain grows ever longer we're increasingly dependent upon others to provide us with safe food.
As we browse the supermarket shelves, how can we be sure that the food is healthy and isn't contaminated? The more we know about how our food is produced, the less reassured we are likely to be. How many of us will feel comfortable about eating chicken after John Vidal's graphic description of life on the chicken line in Tuesday's Guardian?
We can't measure the amount of tin leaking into tinned tomatoes, or the amount of pesticides contaminating our fresh fruit and vegetables, or the presence of GMOs in many processed foods. Most of us can't make sense of the information which is supposed help us - on food labels. With words so weasel and so tiny, the average food label gives little away. So, increasingly, we have to trust industry and government and hope someone out there is looking out for us.
The rise in food poisoning and the growing evidence of long-term health damage from bad diet has convinced us that something, somewhere has gone seriously wrong. Despite this, the food industry has an unshakeable belief in whizz-bang techniques to conjure up the impossible - food that is safe and nutritious but also cheap enough to beat the global competition. We remain to be convinced that technical solutions are the answer. In fact, we're increasingly thinking that the opposite is true. While scientists are mucking about with our food, the evidence is that we want less, not more, technological input. This is what's driving demand for organic food and why it is currently outstripping supply.
Yes, we can take better care of ourselves by eating more fruit and vegetables and less salt, sugar and processed food - but can we be sure it's as safe as we think? We don't want to discover that fresh food isn't really fresh, or that carrots need to be peeled because they're contaminated with pesticides, or that apples have been waxed into cosmetic perfection. Equally we don't want to be wound up unnecessarily by every new scare and passing fad.
The gulf between industry and consumer is still very wide. The industry views the consumer as befuddled by the issues or gripped by romanticism about a previous golden age of food production. It talks about letting market forces rule, free from the nannying interference of big government, but has done nothing to prevent Monsanto turning the market-place upside down by introducing genetically modified soya into food despite wholesale opposition. This is nannying to be sure, corporate-style, force-feeding consumers with genetically modified foods many don't want. So the Government says it will create a Food Standards Agency to confront these many challenges. This is the first welcome step but the lessons of food scares suggest that it's going to take more than one well-meaning initiative to sort out all the problems. Industry and government will need to act in uncharacteristic ways - openly, and actively soliciting consumers' views. Only by inviting greater public involvement and taking decisions more openly will government and industry begin to restore consumers' confidence in food safety.
LORD Sainsbury, the Trade and Industry Minister, came under renewed pressure from the Tories yesterday to clarify potential conflicts of interest between his business interests and government policy on genetically modified foods.
John Redwood, the Conservative spokesman on trade and industry, insisted last night that the supermarket millionaire should not be allowed to make any decisions on GM foods.
In a letter to Stephen Byers, the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry, he said that the Government needed to "take a cool hard look" at the scientific evidence to decide which of the products was safe for sale.
Lord Sainsbury's continuing interest as a shareholder in the Sainsbury supermarket chain gave the impression that he had made up his mind about the safety of GM foods, Mr Redwood claimed.
"I am very worried that leaving Lord Sainsbury in charge of the DTI end is bad for the food industry and bad for customers," he wrote.
"Will you now take the necessary action to ensure that a minister who has not made up his mind on these matters is put in charge of these issues at the DTI?"
Mr Redwood also asked Mr Byers to check whether Lord Sainsbury had maintained an interest in the Gatsby Trust, a charitable foundation that allegedly funds the promotion of GM products.
** NOTICE: In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. **
In the first Irish case of its kind, seven environmentalists are to appear in court today in Co Wexford on charges of causing criminal damage to a genetically modified crop.
The seven, who include the 84-year-old food writer and organic farmer John Seymour, are due to appear at New Ross District Court, Co Wexford.
They are alleged to have damaged a GM sugar beet trial on June 21st last at the farm of Mr Martin Foley of Arthurstown, New Ross.
He was growing the crop under licence from the Environmental Protection Agency for the US multinational [ Monsanto ] , the first company to introduce the controversial gene technology to Ireland.
The offences are alleged to have occurred after a public meeting on GM foods was held nearby at Duncannon. The meeting was addressed by the Green politicians Mr John Gormley TD and Ms Nuala Ahern MEP, and the Socialist Party TD, Mr Joe Higgins.
I concur with Christine Gorman about the need for caution on "tall tales appearing on the Internet." As a corporate-neutral Board-certified internist with considerable experience and reasearch in the matter, however, I disagree with her assertion that serious reactions to products containing aspartame (NutraSweet-TM) represent a "health rumor" fabrication.
Indeed, her misinformation--coupled with obvious influence by corporate-sponsored researchers whose results in my opinion were frequently based on flawed protocols--constitutes a glaring disservice. A case in point is the trivialization of toxicity from the release of FREE methanol after ingesting aspartame products. reactions to these products. (The FDA has at least seven times more.)
My own data base consists of over 1,200 (!) persons with severe reactions to these products. (The FDA has at least seven times more.) Their problems included headache, dizziness, confusion, memory loss, epileptic seizures, depression, other psychiatric states, impaired vision, the aggravation of diabetes and its complications (or their simulation), various rashes, gastrointestinal symptoms (including bloody diarrhea), joint pain, and numerous other complaints.
Furthermore, I believe there are legitimate grounds for concern about aspartame products having a causative or aggravating effect in epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, and even brain tumors!
I have detailed these issues pertaining to aspartame disease (the inclusive term I coined) in three books and more than a score of other publications. Some are cited above. It Remains My Professional Opinion That Aspartame Products Ought To Be Removed From The Market As An "imminent Public Health Threat."
Given the facts that (a) over half the population currently consumes this neurotoxin, and (b) it STILL has not been adequately evaluated by corporate-neutral investigators using REAL-WORLD products, I feel we are possibly being subjected to a widespread afflication that our regulatory agencies and elected officials simply refuse to acknowledge. (Any dubious reader who questions ten women about problems with aspartame products is likely to confirm this contention in short order.)
This is not a "scare tactic" by a "media terrorist." Rather, it reflects my sense of responsiblility as a concerned physician and citizen.
In view of your interest in reactions to products containing aspartame, a chemical sweetener, and their major public-health implications, we invite you to check our home pages at: http://www.icanect.net/sunpress.
To unsubscribe from this mailing list, or to change your subscription to digest, go to the ONElist web site, at http://www.onelist.com and select the User Center link from the menu bar on the left.
***new page on website - details of all GMO releases in Norfolk after the big trial pull out (page will be further developed and updated)***
More coverage of Norfolkis big GM trial pull out including articles in the two main farming papers, in one of which Novartis Seeds admits to difficulty in finding farmers and landowners whoill let their land for trials.
The future of genetically modified (GM) food in the UK has been cast into further doubt after Crown Point Farms in Norfolk pulled out of GM crops trials. A farm spokesman admitted "public disquiet,' had infuenced their decision. The farm topped the league for deliberate releases of GM organisms on private land and was set to continue trials for Monsanto until 2003.
GENETICALLY modified sugar beet trials have been halted at one of the largest on farm trial sites in the country because of growing disquiet over the use of the technology. Crown Point Farms a Kirby Bedon in Norfolk, part of the Colman Estate, has let land to companies like Novartis to trial GM sugar beet over a number of years. But a spokesman for the estate said this has been discontinued.
An anti-GM pressure group targeted the farms last year staging a 'crop squat' and destroying trial plots.
A NORFOLK farming estate which was the target for Britain s first protest squat against GM crop trials, has halted such testing on its land.
Crown Point Farms in Kirby Bedon has ended its relationship with Novartis Seeds and Monsanto because of the controversy about GM trials, their high profile media coverage and a direct action campaign by activists.
Novartis was licensed to continue GM trials on the estateuntil 2002 and Monsanto untiI 2003 but estate manager Roly Beazley said it had been decided to terminate the agreement. There is a huge public debate over GM crops and a lot of public disquiet.Crown Point Farms does not wish to be in the middle of all this " he said.
The crop squat at Kirby Bedon by 30 protesters last year ended after the estate went to court to obtain a possession order.
Novartis Seeds spokesman, Richard Powell, said it was becoming more difficult to rent land for GM trials because of the controversy surrounding them.
Sir Timothy Colman, Lord Lieutenant of Norfolk, is the Queen's representative in the county and, appropriately, one of its larger landowners. Last year he began testing GM crops for Novartis and was embarrassed by the occupation of his land by pesky objectors from Norfolk Genetic Information Network.Something has changed. At the weekend it became clear that Sir Timothy was renouncing GM crops on his Crown Point Farms and the trials had been terminated.
So did Norvartis or Sir Timothy end the contract? His land agent, Roly Beasley, speaks in code: "I don't know if it was all one way or the other." Right. So has Sir Timothy seen the light? "It's not for Crown Farms to see the light or not." Well, would Crown Farms allow other GM crops to be planted on their land? "If another company came to us [asking to grow GM crops] the answer is probably no." Ah.
At a time when seven Irish protesters, including an 80 year old food writer and organic farmer, are making court appearances in Co Wexford on charges of damaging a GM beet trial, and British cases are pending, we reproduce below an article from eGreen World' which if anything understates the problems associated with these trials.
Mid-December's HSE report shows a violation rate of 1 in 5 at sites actually monitored (many as youill see are simply not). Yet almost nothing is being done about it. Compare that to dragging 80-year-olds through the court and the draconian treatment of protesters and draw your own conclusions about state priorities. The Government has, however, finally been embarrassed into at least prosecuting Monsanto over one incident - court case due to be heard Feb. 17th, Lincolnshire. Michael Meacher has also recently named 3 companies involved in serious violations. The point remains, however, given the extraordinary violation rate, the lax regulation and the risible monitoring of these trials, how many cases could have but arenit being brought?
Evidence obtained by FoE revealed shambolic failures by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) resulting in genetic polluters escaping legal action. Official inspections of genetically modified crop test sites are inadequate, secretive and ineffective, and genetic pollution is almost certainly being illegally released - unmonitored - into the environment.
Consent breaches are alleged to have included: too small a buffer zone surrounding the crops; failure to implement measures to limit the escape of pollen, and scattering of seeds outside the designated area.
The HSE refused to identify the sites or the companies involved, and said that records relating to previous alleged breaches are not available. So much for the assurances from the Government that the technology is being closely policed.
But then again, with 2 dozen police officers, several vans and a helicopter overhead at the first genetiX snowball action, perhaps we misunderstood what they meant by 'closely policed'.
On friday Feb.5 Jason Boehk provided a discussion of a Canadian case in which Monsanto Canada sued a Canadian farmer for growing genetically engineered seed that originated by cross pollination of a normal crop by wind or bees. A vice president Monsanto Canada was quoted " if Monsanto genes are carried by bees or the wind to your crops, you become a Monsanto licensee and you must pay Monsanto for the seeds you save for next year". Monsanto can say that because they have bought and paid for the Ministry of Agriculture Canada, they provide cash to the Ministry and the Ministry serves their wishes.
In a related case, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) admitted blowing up some buildings in an attempt to plant evidence and implicate some Alberta farmers who opposed pollution from natural gas wells on their land. The RCMP acknowledge that they serve the energy corporations and have the support in their criminal activity from the courts of the land.
Monsanto may employ a flock of mounties (RCMP) in their scarlet tunics and funny hats to smear pollen on their snouts and flit from flower to flower spreading Monsanto genes and making the company even richer than before!
In a case that shows success in the lab doesn't guarantee success in the marketplace, Monsanto Co. has canceled the development of plastics from bacteria and plants.
The company has halted a biotechnology venture that was an intriguing fusion of environmentalism and business, using biotechnology -- instead of petroleum derivatives -- to create plastics.
"Acceptance lagged in key markets," said Diane Herndon, a company spokeswoman. "At this point, the marketing dynamics would have to change."
At a time when Monsanto is cutting some research following last fall's failed merger with American Home Products Corp., the plants-into-plastics and bacteria-into-plastics projects became casualties of cold, hard economics.
Monsanto had sold some bacteria-derived plastics used in credit cards and liners of paper cups. But given the low price of petroleum and the high cost of this alternative plastic, Monsanto stopped taking orders and conducting research at the end of last year.
"Over the past year, we have been looking for a strategic partner, but we couldn't find one," Herndon said. "We are talking to potential buyers for our technology."
Until then, the technology will remain on the shelf at Monsanto, where 45 of the 50 people who worked on the projects have been reassigned to other jobs.
Having sold or spun off traditional plastics businesses in recent years, Monsanto entered the non-traditional plastics business in April 1996 when it bought Biopol, a tiny firm owned by the British life science giant Zeneca Group.
Since 1990, Biopol had been creating polymers from a common bacterium found in soil and water. The company developed a fermentation process to make the bacterium produce more polymers.
Monsanto continued Biopol's fermentation work. It also worked on ways to insert genes from this bacterium into plants, such as wild mustard and canola. The goal: turn the plants into polymer-making "factories."
When Monsanto bought Biopol, it said this research had to reach certain goals within a few years for the company to continue its work. "If we don't meet them," an executive said 18 months ago, "we will terminate the project."
But the cost of making bacteria-based plastics through fermentation was about $4 a pound, or 10 times the cost of making plastics from petroleum products, Herndon said. And even though Monsanto had hoped the bioengineered plant factories could make plastics for 60 cents to 80 cents a pound, that prospect was "still five to seven years away," she said.
The telephone poll in the UK Daily Express resulted in 94% of respondents supporting a call for the Govt to ban GM foods. This information has been passed on to MP's in the European Parliament by the paper. And the Daily Mail is like a terrier at the throat (or is it neater to say like a dog with a bone???) of Science Minister Lord Sainsbury - surely he can't last much longer???
SAINSBURY's is to label hundreds of products containing eFrankenstein foodi derivatives in a major victory for Daily Mail readers. The countryis second biggest supermarket chain revealed the U-turn yesterday amid allegations that it had been emisleadingi shoppers.
Foreign biotech companies such as U.S. based Monsanto, the food industry and the Government have been accused of forcing genetically modifled (GM) food on to the nation. Consumers are angry that the products were introduced without any proper consultation or any study on their long-term effect on human health.
The situation has been made worse by the fact the labelling of GM foods is hopelessly flawed, leaving people who want to avoid them in the dark.
EU rules, enthusiastically adopted by the Government and the food industry, mean some products containing GM crops are already identified. But many more are not. Sainsbury's had refused to label products containing the derivatives of crops such as soya and maize which have been genetically modified.
It argued that, because the DNA of the GM crop did not exist in the derivatives - for example, lecithin and oil from soya and modified starch from maize - there was no need to label.
The chain also insisted the derivatives had been so highly processed that they were no different to those produced from natural crops.
Yesterday, however, Sainsbury's issued a statement saying: We have decided to label products which contain GM soya lecithin and GM soya oils, in addition to labelling products containing GM soya. The first labelled products will begin to appear on the shelf in the next couple of months. We will be informing customers about this with a new, updated leaflet.
Sainsbury's original policy put it out of step with rivals such as Tesco, which labels the derivatives. GM ingredients are used in huge range of products - approximately 60 per cent of supermarket foods - from curry ready-meals to chocolate puddings and steak pies.
If these are not labelled clearly it becomes impossible for wary families to avoid them. Now Sainsbury's, which con¬ tinues to refuse to label the derivatives of GM maize, will have to either reformulate its products or order new packaging for many own-label products.
The chain's statement added: Our policy is still to reduce the number of products that contain GM ingredients by sourcing non-GM ingredients or, where possible, by finding an alternative to soya, but where we are unable to do so we will label products clearly.
Sainsbury's has been at the forefront of the GM food debate, not least because a member of the family behind the supermarket empire, Sainsbury of Turville, is Labouris Science Minister.
The former billionaire chairman of J. Sainsbury is seen as a powerful advocate for GM foods in government. He has poured millions into GM crop research through the Gatsby Foundation, a charitable trust. The industry and the biotech firms behind the food revolution have been accused of supporting a deliberately confused labelling system. There are clear indications that consumers who want nothing to do with GM foods will boycott products which are clearly labelled.
A survey published today by market research analysts Mintel shows 78 per cent of the public want GM foods to be clearly labelled to allow them to choose whether to buy or not,
A Government study published yesterday by the Better Regulation Task Force found 53 per cent believe laws are needed to curb the spread of GM food.
The survey found that almost 31 per cent of Britons consider GM foods epose a seriousi risk to their families. Friends Of The Earth food campaigner Adrian Bebb said last night: eThis is a welcome retreat by Sainsbury's. It doesnit go far enough, but at least the stores are beginning to respond to public demands for fuller information.
The consumers' Association welcomed the move too but said it was only a small step to providing a clear labelling regime.
A spokesman added: The decision by Sainsbury's demonstrates that even supermarkets feel the current GM labelling rules donit go far enough. Tory trade and industry secretary John Redwood, who has been in the vanguard of calls for clearer government policy, said: eConsumers are concerned about what is in their food and labelling needs to be completely clear. We welcome the decision by Sainsbury's. It shows the campaign for better information is beginning to bite.
Accusations of cover-up after top pathologist backs the professor whose tests brought him humiliation
The professor who was publicly humiliated over claims that genetically modified Frankenstein food may be harmful has been proved right after all.
World expert Dr. Arpad Pusztai was stripped of his post and described as muddled by his superiors after he referred to experiments in which rats had been damaged when fed genetically-altered potatoes. But today "The Mail on Sunday" can reveal that rats did suffer shocking internal damage. And we can disclose that a leading pathologist who has re-examined their remains has confirmed Dr. Pusztai's findings.
This scientific bombshell is sure to rekindle controversy over the safety of genetically altered food. The revelations will also place a question mark over the future of Dr. Putzai's former boss, Professor Philip James, who ousted him from the research programme and is now being tipped as head of the Government's new Food Standards Agency due to be formed in April next year. Dr. Pusztai, 68, lost his job at the Government-funded Rowett Research Institute in Aberdeen after he told TV's "World In Action" of his studies. The interview last August sparked a fierce debate on the potential dangers of genetically engineered food. Yet Dr. Pusztai was discredited for getting his facts badly confused by apparently referring to the wrong experiment. Professor James issued statements to the Press saying Dr. Pusztai would have to retire because he had got it wrong in suggesting the rats in question had been fed potatoes modified with genes from a bean when, in fact, these particular experiments had never been carried out.
The apparent mix-up - made amid the glare of TV publicity - cost Dr. Pusztai his reputation. But we can reveal that Dr. Pusztai had conducted other crucial experiments using potatoes altered by another gene - and these tests demonstrated a worst case scenario.
The tests were made on rats that were fed potato altered to carry a gene from snowdrops. This enabled the vegetable to make a chemical known as GNA lectin, which would protect it from insect and worm damage. The effect was devastating. Dr. Pusztai's results - contained in a report to Professor James and the Scottish Office - detail liver damage, even in rats fed cooked genetically modified potatoes for only ten days.
His findings-seen by The Mail on Sunday - reveal that in most animals, highly significant changes occurred in the weights of some or most of the rats vital organs and that immune system organs, like the spleen and thymus, were frequently affected. Dr. Putzai's revelations have been backed by an independent analysis by consultant pathologist Dr. Stanley Ewen, of Aberdeen University, who examined the preserved rats internal organs. Neither he nor Dr. Pusztai will discuss their findings, which are expected to be published. But a leading expert said: Dr. Ewen's results will cause an uproar. These were measurable changes in the rats fed modified potato - and we feel there has been a cover-up. There should be more openness in the whole business about public money and how it being used in this field.
The doctor's conclusions are a setback for the multibillion pound biotechnology industry, which is seeking licenses worldwide to grow high volume crops that resist herbicides. At the start of the experiment, it was thought that snowdrop lectin was unlikely to produce harmful effects, so it would have been considered for commercial development. But now the revelations have thrown GM foods research into disarray.
After Dr. Pusztai's TV outburst Professor James - the man behind Government proposals for a Food Standards Agency - ordered an audit of Dr Pusztai's work by four scientists. It concluded that existing data did not support the idea that the modified potatoes had any effect on growth organ development or immune function in the rats. But the question being asked last night was why the report from the four scientists auditing the work do not analyse data on the rats internal organs which might have established whether they had been damaged.
GM foods are already on supermarket shelves. An estimated 60 percent of processed foods on sale in the UK contain genetically modified soya grown in the US. Big business is pushing for licences to produce the crops in the UK, but at present only Government-approved test sites growing altered produce are permitted. And none of the crops are allowed to be sold to the public. A fortnight ago, the House of Lords Select Committee on European Communities - to which Professor James gave evidence - acknowledged there were potential risks to the environment but said GM crops had much to offer.
The committee said the regulatory regime in place to ensure the safety of products sold in the shops was thorough and proper. In oral evidence to the same committee last October, Professor James alluded to new data from Dr Pusztai - but he did not reveal its contents. Professor James said last night: I am desperate that dear old Arpad Pusztai maintains his scientific credibility. I was interested in the GNA (snowdrop) data and told everybody - with the agreement of Pusztai, Scottish Office, Ministries, you name it - that this was important stuff and under no circumstances must we just have snippets coming out.
He confirmed that the four scientists he had asked to audit Dr Pusztai's claims did not have the full details of all the tests available to them. They considered the data available only up to the date of the World In Action programme. Professor James said he hadn't disclosed Dr Pusztai's new data to the Lords committee in October because"I am desperate to protect him." There is a standard policy in the scientific world that when there is something particularly of public interest and you have got something that could be of enormous significance, you must make sure your data is not only sound and robust but withstands review by your scientific peers.
He said that if Dr Pusztai's analysis was correct and the full feeding studies were repeated and produced the same findings, it would be very important indeed.
Paul Tyler, the Liberal Democrats food spokesman, said the new evidence raised a query over Professor James's role as possible boss of the food agency. The EU is more likely to be an effective watchdog on this issue than anybody in Britain, because successive governments have rolled over and had their tummies tickled by some of the huge multi-national companies involved in the research. I've seen no evidence yet that there is anybody in Whitehall to question in an effective way this sort of development.
Every time we get information about genetically modified organisms we see more evidence for a complete moratorium on further development of the programme until a lot more research has been done by a totally independent organisation.
A Greenpeace spokesman said that as more research is done we'll keep finding big problems. We don't need to produce food this way ... so why are we taking these risks?
Thanks to all your comments and suggestions we have made improvements and updates to the Invincible Global Action Plan. Thanks especially to Adrian Valls in Spain, who is translating the series into Spanish.
This is very important, because the Wall Street Journal reported two weeks ago that a Mexican billionaire, Alfonso Romo, has bought up a huge part of the global seed market. Alfonso Romo, in Monterrey Mexico, plans to genetically engineer the seeds of all vegetables that have not yet been genetically engineered. He now owns some 40% of the world's vegetable seeds. So Adrian's work to inform the Spanish world could not possibly be more urgent, timely, or critical than right now. Thanks again Adrian.
I am including this improved and updated version of the Invincilbe Global Action Plan so that, if we choose, we can easily and quickly eliminate GE food, perhaps even sooner that we have so far imagined. Perhaps we will not need the help of the Y2K computer bug to destroy the genetic engineering multi-nationals such as Monsanto.
I spoke to the FDA a couple of days before they ran to CNN trying to again convince the public aspartame is safe, and told them to quit giving propaganda to the public. I explained we had their own FDA audit on www.dorway,com, the Bressler Report, showing all the tumors, seizures, etc., as well as the damn ing CDC investigation and protest of the National Soft Drink Aassociation, and their report of 92 symptoms from coma to death .
Today a magazine in Canada called and said they spoke with the FDA about the 92 symptoms triggered by aspartame. The magazine was told by the FDA that the 92 symptom report was not theirs. I got it through Freedom of Information from the FDA - so I just faxed it to the magazine on THEIR STATIONERY ! Won't the FDA ever learn that in the end lies never work!
The Daily Mail and the Daily Express are battling it out to see who can create the greatest fuss about GM food. They have always slung shots at each other over the years, but fortunately their current battle is working to our benefit!!! In the first article Food Safety Minister, Jeff Rooker, seems to be giving the impression of being anti_GM - don't be fooled!!!
It also mentions a vote to be taken in the EU Parliament to force biotech companies to take out liability insurance - could be interesting in light of the Swiss Insurance declaration of a few months ago that no insurance company would want to take on such a liability. At the end of the Mail aricle the subject of Lord Sainsbury is once again mentioned...
BRUSSELS is foisting genetically-modified foods on Europe without any debate by member states, The Express can reveal today
Food Safety Minister Jeff Rooker last night hinted that the only way British consumers could fight the GM multinationals like Monsanto was by boycotting their produce in the shops.
He said that the non-segregation of genetically-modified crops, like soya, with non-GM produce was posing a major headache for the Government. The problem of crop separation in respect of America is a really serious problem for us, he said.
The Minister, speaking on Channel 4 News, then added the warning: I think at the end of the day, Monsanto and the others are going to have to wake up to the market forces of the European consumer who want a choice and demand segregation of these crops.
The scandalously undemocratic way in which GM foods are being injected into the European food chain is shown by two European Union votes scheduled for today Monsanto, one of the global driving forces behind the GM bandwagon, has applied for EU approval to market seeds from iinsect-protectedi and iherbicide toleranti cotton, which are to be used in cattle feed - with long-term implications for meat entering the human foot chain. Votes will be cast by fax with no meeting and without debate, Although Britain is to vote against, the Monsanto proposals are expected to be rubber-stamped by Brussels. British MPs and Ministers have no power to veto the acceleration in the new agricultural revolution because of sweeping legislative powers granted to the EU when the last Tory Government was in office.
One Commons source told The Express last night that the Government and Parliament had surrendered their right to stop the Brussels juggernaut The pass has been sold, he said.
But Euro-MPs are today set to back moves to make companies which sell or experiment with GM crops liable if they damage human health or the environment.
The long-term impact of so-called Frankenstein food is unknown, but consumer groups fear some GM crops could make people resistant to antibiotics. And environmentalists are worried that some herbicide-resistant crops could cross-fertilise with wild plants to create superweeds. Labour MEP David Bowe said last night: There is a wave of uncertainty in the country over GM food. He expects a majority of members to back the key points in his report to make sure Europe puts safety first if there are doubts over some products.
Mr Bowe believes most MEPs will support his proposal force biotech companies to take out insurance against possible civil action. The Commission is very hotly against civil liability, he said. But lie vowed: We are determined to get this through. In addition, Mr Bowe wants a ban on GM crops which contain genes resistant to antibiotics still used for medical or veterinary treatment.
British ministers will today vote against the Monsanto cotton applications on that basis. They are worried about the clinical importance of the introduction of antibiotics into the GM crops, which would then be passed into - cattle feed, the herd, its meat - and the human food chain
UNREGULATED Frankenstein food products from the Far East may already be in Britainis food chain, the Daily Mail can reveal.
Described as terrifying by one leading expert, the development is prompting fears at the highest level that the world-wide trade in genetically modified (GM) foods is running out of control.
According to new research there now 45 countries producing GM material and field trials on modified crops taking place at up to 15,000 sites. China, South Korea and Japan are among the leading producers. Yet there is little or no regulation of GM products in the vast majority of producing countries. Last night GM food expert Peter Berry Ottaway said: eMany countries do not regard GM foods as an issue, they like the idea of novelty, and therefore there is no culture of regulation.
A guy who sells this stuff in Europe will buy it from a broker in the States who will be acting for a broker in Japan who has prabably bought it from China. I am not against the technology. But we have got to regulate it.
Mr Berry Ottaway gave graphic details of the explosion in unregulated GM production at a conference in London last month which was attended by a senior civil servant from the Ministry Of Agriculture. Yet two weeks later Tony Blair rejected calls for a moratorium on the commercial use of GM foods. Challenged in the Commons by William Hague, the Prime Minister insisted the Government was acting eon scientific evidencei. However yesterday it emerged that Ministers are drawing up plans for new controls on GM foods.
Labour Euro MP David Bowe, a leading campaigner in the European Parliament for tougher regulations on GM foodstuffs, said on the BBCis Today programme: I have had discussions with ministers about this. They are considering how they can take action quickly and properly
The scale of GM development was revealed at the European Conference on GM foods, hold at the Royal Society in London. The European Commission contributed to the discussion, as well as the Ministry of Agriculture.
Yesterday Mr Berry Ottaway, an expert on GM foods and author of several books on food and nutrition, said that field trials on GM crops were egrowing exponentiallyi and that between 12,000 and 15,000 had taken place in 45 countries on up to 100 crops. These include rice, cabbage, lettuce, oranges, melons, rye, beans, peas, and sugar cane. He said GM techniques are being applied to ealmost all organisms of commercial interesti such as bacteria and yeast.
Shadow Trade Secretary John Redwood demanded that Lord Sainsbury be removed from any decisions relating to GM food after yesterdayis Daily Mail report that the science minister retains control of the Gatsby Foundation, a charitable trust which pours millions into GM food research.
So the cowards who say the support the customers right to proper labels are hiding behind the Government. Why don't they get the message that GM labels are seen as the 'skull and crossbones' because people want to get away from it and see that the biotech firms just want to plunder the healthy future of the planet!!!
THE U.S. is trying to prevent GM food being labelled because it fears predujice against crops grown by its farmers. It intends to use a World Trade Organisation meeting in April to push through an outright labelling ban. The U.S. government claims that the labels will create a prejudice against its growers which it says amounts to an illegal barrier to trade.
If it is successful, even the current inadequate labelling rules which exist throughout the EU could be wiped out. Details were revealed yesterday by the Consumersi Association which urged the UK Governrnent and the EU to withsatnd the U.S. proposals.
It said U.S. biotech firms fear that the labels will be seen as the equivalent of the eskull and crossbonesi and cause sales of GM foods to plummet. The CAis director Sheila McKechnie urged families to use their buying power to force supermarkets and food manufacturers to ban GM foods. She pointed to the example of frozen food chain Iceland, which has already banned GM ingredients from its own-label products, while the giant Carrefour chain in France is to do the same. If Carrefour says it can do it, there is enormous pressure on supermarkets here to do it, she said. The first major chain that breaks ranks will have an enormous competitive advantage.
America is backed by Brazil, another potentially big producer of GM crops such as soya, in trying to do away with labelling.
Seven environmentalists charged in the first Irish case of sabotaging a genetically modified crop will be producing evidence of "lawful excuse", their solicitor has told New Ross District Court.
When the case came before the court yesterday defending solicitor Mr David Bulbulia said it related to alleged sabotage of a GM sugar beet crop in Arthurstown, Co Wexford, last year and was a complex one, which warranted at least a two-day hearing.
Section 6 of the Criminal Damage Act provided a definition of damage "without lawful excuse", but he would be producing evidence of lawful excuse.
The case related to damage totalling (pounds) 16,000 alleged to have been caused on June 21st last at the farm of Mr Martin Foley of Coleman, Arthurstown, who was conducting a GM sugar beet trial on behalf of the US multinational company [ Monsanto ] .
The seven were charged with damaging "without lawful excuse sugar beet belonging to Monsanto (Ireland) Limited, intending to damage such property or being reckless as to whether such property would be damaged" under the 1991 Criminal Damage Act.
They were also charged with forcible entry of a sugar beet trial site, the property of Monsanto Ireland, under the 1971 Prohibition of Forcible Entry and Occupation Act.
Inspector John Cassells, prosecuting, told the court that early yesterday the DPP had requested that two minor amendments be made to the charges.
The amended charges were read by Sgt Bartholomew Slattery, the effect of which was to delete the term "genetically modified" from the original charges.
He told Judge Donnchadh O Buachalla that based on documents in court he anticipated 10 prosecution witnesses would be called.
Judge O Buachalla set March 30th and 31st for the hearing, and instructed Mr Bulbulia to furnish any documentation he believed should be considered in advance of the hearing to the State.
Afrikaans Arabic Bulgarian Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Dutch English French German Hindi Indonesian Italian Japanese Latin Norwegian Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish
– Allowed to be able to my own blog, on this time We’ll show you in relation to bathroom color ideas blue
What about picture above? is usually that remarkable???. if you think therefore, I’l t demonstrate several graphic again beneath:
), click save link to save these images for your personal pc. There’re all set for transfer, if you like and wish to get it, click save symbol in the web page, and it will be immediately saved to your laptop computer. As a final point if you would like find unique and the latest picture related to (Luxury Bathroom Color Ideas Blue
), please follow us on google plus or book mark this site, we attempt our best to give you regular up grade with all new and fresh photos. We do hope you like keeping right here. For most upgrades and recent information about (Luxury Bathroom Color Ideas Blue
) pictures, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We attempt to provide you with up-date periodically with all new and fresh pictures, enjoy your exploring, and find the ideal for you.
) published by at . At this time we are excited to declare we have found an incrediblyinteresting nicheto be reviewed, namely (Luxury Bathroom Color Ideas Blue
venting the f 3 is most cost effective heating wood burning stove flue pipe regulations ceiling through conservatory roof,wood burning stove rear flue installation cost fireplace through conservatory roof,charcoal pioneer wood burning stove in corner fireplace pipe regulations flue building through wall,wood burning stove external flue regulations pipe clearances installation cost open or closed insert,stoves sizes wood burning stove flue pipe installation burner glowing red through ceiling,wood burning stove chimney clearances stoves installation inspection repair safety flue pipe regulations,wood burning stove chimney clearances flue open or closed 2 ceiling,wood burning stove flue through conservatory roof pipe install chimney wall stoves in a extension or room without,wood burner flue pipe regulations burning stove with grand isle installation metal roof cost,wood burning stove flue through wall chimney requirements solar system installing backup.
Steve Mann is a HERS rater, LEED AP+ Homes, Certified Energy Analyst, serial remodeler, and longtime software engineer.
Steve Mann is a HERS rater, Green Point rater, LEED AP, remodeler, and long-time software engineer. As many Home Energy readers know, the Residential Energy Services Network (RESNET) is a U.S.-based, national standards-making ... [continue reading]
In 1999, California adopted the first phase of its HERS program. Unlike HERS programs in the rest of the country, which generally focus on whole-house analysis, the California program focuses on field verification and testing of ... [continue reading]
Of all the topics I've written about for Home Energy, energy-efficient mortgages (EEMs) have generated the most questions. There seems to be a lack of understanding about this Federal Housing Administration (FHA) program among home ... [continue reading]
EnergyGauge, from the Florida Solar Energy Center (FSEC), is one of only two software applications certified by the Residential Energy Services Network (RESNET) for producing HERS ratings for new and existing buildings. (The other, which ... [continue reading]
On February 10th and 11th, the ACI and Pacific Gas & Electric (PG&E) sponsored a meeting at PG&E’s Stockton, California training center. The purpose of the meeting was to ... [continue reading]
There’s nothing quite like sitting in a classroom, or out in the field, learning about HVAC systems, building science, green rating protocols, and other subjects of interest to Home Energy readers. You can ... [continue reading]
A panel of successful Home Performance with Energy Star contractors gives candid answers to questions about auditing homes and correcting problems in ways that make customers happy and their businesses thrive. [continue reading]
Modeling software can be very useful for helping you understand how a building works. As I’ve described in previous articles, you can calculate heating and cooling loads, HVAC air delivery requirements, and duct ... [continue reading]
ACI's Energy Upgrade California, held January 10-11 in Los Angeles, presented a pretty good picture of how the Energy Upgrade California program will roll out across California. Currently an investor-owned utility (IOU) pilot program, it offers modest rebates for whole house improvements. There are a variety of rules and regulations, and paperwork, and processes that were all laid out pretty clearly at the conference. In addition, the local municipalities talked about their related programs and ... [continue reading]
Measured Home Performance, by Rick Chitwood and Lew Harriman, is subtitled a “Guide to Best Practices for Home Energy Retrofits in California.” The market for this book is even smaller than the subtitle implies—it focuses on middle income housing with forced air systems. Even more specifically, it features homes with air conditioning. The audience for this book is California-based home performance contractors, almost guaranteeing that it will never be found on ... [continue reading]
Our local prices are the most competitive in the area and are based from the centre of Cirencester, please call 01285 641339 or email for a personalised quote if departing from another location.
All transactions are processed through our own PayPal Merchant Account, thus providing a secure shopping environment. We accept all the payment cards shown below including American Express.
All prices include one pick up / drop off point and the return prices include up to 1 hour car parking and waiting time, further charges will apply after 1 hour.
The only Web-portal of amateur and homemade porn you need to know! Watch hundreds of thousands of amateur video clips. And don't forget to Bookmark us! (we add new videos every hour)
Warning! Adults only! By entering this site, you certify that you are 18 years or older and, if required in the locality where you view this site, 21 years or older, that you have voluntarily come to this site in order to view sexually explicit material. To leave this website click here All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years of age.
We started in 1999 and eleven years on we are one of Perth s pre-eminent builders and designers of quality homes. We ve won HIA Perth Housing Awards in five of the last six years and were a finalist in the other year.These awards are regularly entered by Perth s best builders. Our latest was the prestigious HIA Innovation in Housing - Project of the Year for Perth and also for Western Australia.Twice we ve been finalists at national awards. Actually, our aim is to enter every one of our homes for a building award. Our craftsmen and tradespeople know this and it motivates them to do their best work.We seek out architects, designers and craftsmen who take great pride in what they do. We believe we offer the highest level of construction supervision in Perth. Our homes are of the highest quality and we run the business according to our values; quality, value for money and great working relationships. If you share these values, give us a call to discuss your project. Dean Humphrey Managing Director The story of Humphrey Builders Stories about quality 52 Florence Street, Cottesloe (corner of Curtin Ave) www.humphreybuilders.com 9284 5444 Winner 2009 HIA Innovation in Housing Project of the Year - Perth & Western Australia insite promotion
In the pouring rain that was to set the scene for all three days of the tour, 50031 Hood is just about to enter Summit Tunnel at Calderbrook on the Todmorden route across the Pennines with the Pathfinder Tours 1Z40 06:55 Birmingham New Street to Kyle of Lochalsh 'Whistling Scotsman' railtour on 26 August 2005. Obviously the 50 was going to be replaced with 40145 (at Bradford), otherwise the tour would have been called the 'Hoovering Scotsman'!
A thousand years ago, one boy with a dream of becoming a great warrior is abducted with his sister and taken to a land far ...
It's time for the annual Hero of the Year ceremony and the students of Super Hero High compete for the top prize. But the festivities ...
When Andy and Elizabeth buy a farm in Vermont, they can't imagine the trouble that awaits them. Andy has quit his job as a sports ...
When the bad boy John inherits an isolated house in an island, he invites his brother and student of veterinary Matt and his girlfriend Nikki ...
All three previously married but now single, best friends sculptress Alex Medford, cellist Jane Spofford and writer Sukie Ridgemont are feeling emotionally and sexually repressed, ...
This movie is set in the year 2095, hence the presence of mutant humans and extraterrestrials. The main character is known as Jill. She is ...
A black uniformed policeman is recruited by a devious drug enforcement agent to infiltrate a smuggling organization seeking to expand into designer drugs. This 'ugly ...
A movie that starts out with the "Man in the Mirror" music video, it then changes to a montage of video clips of Michael's career. ...
Brothers Ziad (Alain Saadeh) and Joe (Tarek Yaacoub) run a small but lucrative drug dealing business out of their takeout pizzeria in one of Beirut's ...
THE RETURN is a 2016 documentary directed by Emmy Award winning director Erich Joiner chronicling Ford GT's return to 24 Hours of Le Mans after ...
A recently orphaned young Kurdish-French woman travels to Iraqi Kurdistan to find her mother's village, likely destroyed during the Anfal genocide. On her journey she ...
Two teenagers, Amy (Salina Saibi) and Tasha (Nabila Huda) get involved with illegal motor racing and immoral activities due to the influence of their boyfriends ...
When a devastating event befalls the city of San Fransokyo and catapults Hiro into the midst of danger, he turns to Baymax and his close ...
We are sent back to the battlefield, as the Federation's best Mobile Infantry unit are slowly being overpowered by the killer bugs. They are light ...
Young Danny Madigan is a big fan of Jack Slater, a larger-than-life action hero played by Arnold Schwarzenegger. When his best friend, Nick the projectionist, ...
A colorful and diverse band of crayons strive to protect their magical, multi-hued homeland from an evil tyrant that threatens to rid their world of ...
When disturbed New York City (NYPD) cop Lacy rescues Sally, a beautiful cellist, from deranged crook Rabbit by shooting Rabbit in cold blood, he sets ...
The all-powerful Monkey King once roamed freely between Heaven and Earth, but after angering the Gods, he was imprisoned within an ice cage deep within ...
Get ready to power up! When BarbieTM magically gets pulled into her favorite video game, she is excited to see she's transformed into a fun ...
Dylan Berrick is the polished and skillful Overnight Manager of the Century Grand, one of the most classy and upscale hotels in the city. After ...
3-D animated-family adventure that tells the heart-warming, coming-of-age story of a man and his best-friend, a lovable and fearless dog named, Jock.
A wannabe private investigator wins the Green Card lottery and moves to America to pursue his dream only to find himself embroiled in a conspiracy ...
Maisie and Daisy McCormack are two ordinary 12-year-olds finding their way through life in the 21st century. Oh, and they may have just hijacked a ...
Bernie LaPlante is having a rough time. He's divorced, his ex-wife hates him, and has custody of their son. The cops are setting a trap ...
High school student Kyosuke Shikijo (Ryohei Suzuki) is the most talented member of the school's martial arts of the fist club. His late father was ...
A young boy named Yankee Irving finds himself at an extraordinary crossroads: He has a chance to be a hero - and make a difference ...
Private Peaceful details the gritty rural lives and loves of Tommo and Charlie - two young brothers - and their poor Devonshire family from 1909 ...
One day, after returning from work late in the evening, Hideo witnesses a traffic accident in which a car crashes into a nearby pedestrian, killing ...
In the middle of Nowheresville lives 16-year-old Mike who wants out of his crappy life - permanently! Spending his time devising ways to do himself ...
Sean Barker became the unwilling host to an alien bio-armor known as the Guyver. A year ago he destroyed the Kronos Corporation, an organization of ...
Max is assigned to the White House while Butch, the secret service dog, is on maternity leave. He meets TJ, a 12 year old boy, ...
Exclusive Pictures and videos of teen girls getting all dirty at her feets!, check them out, tons of pics and lots of videos inside, visit bftgirls here!
This is a little something to get us started!!! I really hope you like what you see!!! There's so much more of my girlfriends and me just a click away!!! I know you won't regret it!!! And once you come inside, I'm sure you'll never ever want to leave!!! So, what are you waiting for???
Traces a revival of Australian militarism in the 1990s and early 2000s, partly associated with the increase in ‘breathless idolatry’ and ‘nostalgic urgency’ accorded Anzac but partly also, the author believes, with a growing Australian confidence about its place in world affairs. He refers extensively to Cheeseman and Kettle and White.
Birmingham notes the effect of Vietnam in radicalising a generation but inducing nervousness in governments for a time about commitments overseas, followed by the careful return to commitments in Iraq and Afghanistan. He presents an extended case study of military activity in Afghanistan. He contrasts the conscription battles of 1916-17 and the Vietnam years before moving on to the widespread support for the Australian peace-keeping role in East Timor in 1999.
As powerful as the elegaic feelings of loss and historical abandonment at the passing of the first Anzacs might be, on their own they do not explain the renewed esteem of the military in our core culture, the return of the strong, to steal a phrase from Robert Harvey. If there is an unbreakable link between national culture and strategic culture, the explanation for the renaissance of the ADF as an institution probably lies outside the armed forces and their increasing tempo of operations. (p. 53)
Birmingham puts the change down not to belligerence but to a growth in national confidence, accompanied by a strong economy and a reduced insularity.
It has taken more than two hundred years, but in finally confronting a world full of both threat and opportunity, it may be that Australians have come to a point at last where they feel confident not just of their place in the world but, more importantly, of their ability to act decisively in it. Whether that confidence is soundly based, however, is another matter. (p. 60)
Click here for all items related to: Anzac analysed, Australia's war history, Getting on with the world
The Honestly Adoption Podcast, with Mike and Kristen Berry, is a podcast dedicated to being a real voice, bringing real hope to parents on the foster and adoptive journey.
Season 3, Episode 22. In this episode, we discuss practical steps you can take when your difficult or out-of-control child pushes you to the edge or beyond.
Season 3, Episode 21. We are replaying the audio from our hugely successful online Q&A webinar on Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder.
Season 3, Episode 20. In the season premier of The Honestly Speaking Parenting Podcast, we welcome our good friend Andrew Schneidler to the show to talk about something that ever men need to hear when it comes to the adoptive journey.
A wide variety of jaw crusher options are available to you, such as free samples, paidGood Quality Jaw Crusher,mini jaw crusher for sale,Jaw Crusher price.
CHYI MEANG MACHINERY CO.,LTD.crusher manufacturer、jaw. Specialist in Stone Crusher ∙ Never Ending Improvement We have secured a leadership
Minyu Machinery Corp is the leading Taiwanese Manufacturer of rock crushing and screening equipment.
Rock Crusher manufacturers, China Rock Crusher suppliers.best rock crusher in india coal russian Rating value:, Best Coal increasing in Priceresponsible for theRock Crushers, Taiwan Rock Crushers Manufacturers and .
Trio® CT Series Jaw Crushers are suitable for mobile or stationary Jaw Crushingthe best in class equipment, but expert configuration and support to optimise
Lippmann Milwaukee Design and Manufacture of Jaw Crushers, Impact CrushersThe company&#;sLP impact crushing plant is claimed to be the highest
Specialist in Stone Crusher ∙ Never Ending ImprovementWe have secured a leadership position in both market and technology in Taiwan crusher industry.and offer the best service in spare part supply, quality, delivery, design, thought,
Find Jaw Crusher manufacturers from China. Import quality Jaw Crusher supplied by experienced manufacturers at Global Sources.
and suppliers of Cone Crushers, Jaw Crushers, Impact Crushers, .the best credentials in the plastic recycling peripherals such as Granulators,
high manganese side wear part for jaw stone crusher toggle plates side plates breaker plate with high resistance
Ho'omauMele.com is dedicated to becoming your hub for traditional Hawaiian songs, contemporary Hawaiian songs mostly in the Hawaiian Language and Hapa Hoale songs
Hope24 is a special event for many reasons. Located in Plympton on a private estate, the event provides a friendly atmosphere for runners to get together and challenge themselves to achieve their own targets. Based on a 5-mile trail course in this stunning estate, the event is open to solo runners or teams of 2-8, over a 24 hour period.
In addition we also have two children’s races that take place on the morning of the Saturday, and a single lap 5 mile version for those that find the thought of 24 hours to daunting.
There are fundraising options, but this is down to you, we just provide incentives if you raise for our chosen charities, but we are happy for you to use this event to raise for any charity close to your hearts;
We have one golden rule, ‘Live it, Love it, Run it’, this is our ethos and we run the event with a smile and support everyone.
Come and join us and if you want to really get a feel for the ‘family’ that is Hope24, look at our past event photos here.
The main event for the Hope24 weekend (15th-16th June 2019) sees soloists or teams of 2-8 take to the 5-mile trail course on the private estate of Newnham Park.
This event takes place over the Hope24 weekend (15th-16th June 2019) and allows runners the opportunity to take run a single lap of the course. Each entrant can run their lap at the time of their choosing, either with the mass start at 12:00 or during the night to support another runner.
Established in 2014 the event has now become an annual festival of running which will always have the ethos of a small, friendly event with an element of fund raising.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept
Ideally you want your bedding set to arrive made from the highest quality materials and made with attention to detail. Any items you purchase you want to last for a long time, there is no point buying now and then having to replace them in a few months' time. Check to see if the company offers a returns policy, should your new set fall apart within a short space of time.
Material choice is exceptionally important and can be the final touch in the overall design of your room. Cotton is the most common choice and keeps you cool during the summer months and warm during the winter months. The benefit is that cotton is breathable.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the hopir.com website that is not hopir.com’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does hopir.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
From a practical standpoint, the biggest difference between vertical and horizontal drilling is in the stresses imparted to the casing during installation.
Vertical wells are completed by lowering a free-hanging string of casing into an oversized, ideally straight borehole. Unless the well is very deep, the casing is mostly subjected to minor compressive stresses during installation. Casing breakage during installation seldom occurs.
In contrast, horizontal wells require long strings of slotted or perforated casing to be dragged into a borehole that has deliberate bends and compound curves. Skin friction against the borehole invert and sides is relatively high and the tensile strength of plastic pipe may easily be exceeded by the drill rig’s pullback capacity.
A successful installation begins with a pilot bore that is as straight as practicable, minimizing bends. DTD personnel then select a reamer size that is appropriate for the soil conditions, casing diameter, and intended well use. One or more reaming passes may be performed using a variety of use-designed cutting tools, all combining a combination of mechanical and fluid cutting with drilling fluid used to circulate drill cuttings from the borehole. In general, tools that employ compaction to enlarge the borehole are avoided to minimize formation damage.
The selection of the proper casing for your installation depends on a variety of factors, including chemical compatibility, and several physical properties including tensile strength. High density polyethylene (HDPE) and high carbon steel are frequently installed. Stainless steel is also specified, but carbon steel may often be substituted (depending on the project) with significant cost savings and no decrease in performance. Call DTD for specific casing recommendations and design services.
© 2016 Directed Technologies Drilling, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Design & Development by Murphy/Carpenter
This page is generated by Parallels Plesk, the leading hosting automation software. You see this page because there is no Web site at this address.
Parallels is a worldwide leader in virtualization and automation software that optimizes computing for consumers, businesses, and Cloud services providers across all major hardware, operating systems, and virtualization platforms.
For the Cloud, Parallels automation and virtualization software enables cloud services providers to rapidly and profitably deliver the widest range of cloud services that small businesses want and need. Our software includes key building blocks of cloud service delivery - self service control panels, billing, cloud service provisioning and virtualization. We enable the delivery of all types of services that small businesses need - shared web hosting and web applications, messaging and collaboration services, virtualized infrastructure services and thousands of other applications.
Our Automation products allow businesses to optimize their systems to maximize profit. Our Virtualization products allow personal computers to run several operating systems on one computer (like OSX and Windows) and for individual servers to function like many servers at once for creating cloud computing environments.
This website was created using our Parallels Plesk product. We offer a full line of Billing, Sitebuilder and cloud computing tools. Please visit www.parallels.com to find out more information.
The best solution for running Windows, Linux, or any of many other operating systems alongside OS X.
This page was generated by Parallels Plesk © 1999-2014. Parallels IP Holdings GmbH. All rights reserved.
We offer 17,678 photos on over 2,935 topics as of 3 November 2018, and we have provided 4,306 full versions upon request. See some of our best shots.
We give high quality, high-resolution photos to individuals for their personal use for free. We charge a one-time $50 fee for commercial use, with a 20% discount for 3 or more. You will see a link to request a photo when viewing it.
“The Masonic system represents a stupendous and beautiful fabric, founded on universal purity, to rule and direct our passions, to have faith and love in God, and charity toward man.”— William Howard Taft
My deepest thanks to MW Richard Stewart, Grand Master of Massachusetts, and all of his officers and committee members for the phenomenal job they did at yesterday's events in Boston. I have been to lodges and grand lodges all over the country and the world and I can honestly say that the Grand Master's Table Lodge was one of the most impressive, memorable and fun events it has been my extreme privilege to attend. Everything was first class and every detail was perfect, right down to the 70 Masons who served as waitstaff for the 260 attendees. It was truly an incredible experience, and I am honored by so much that was said during the course of the day. It will go down as one of the greatest experiences of my Masonic life.
I learned much about their signature charity, the Masonic Medical Research Laboratory, and was happy and honored to be a part of the events that raised money for this wonderful facility. Thanks to Brother Ron Kamp for his dedicated work in telling the story of the MMRL. It is truly a Masonic charity that is making a difference in the world and well worth our wholehearted support.
It was a wonderful day in many respects and the wit, wisdom, and Brotherhood you shared was a big part of that.
Thank you so much for coming out, it was great to have you for the day here in Massachusetts. I hope to meet you again at some point in the future.
PLEASE sign or otherwise identify yourself in your comment posts. I have been FLOODED for months with spam comments, and I've been forced to laboriously screen every post now. Anonymous postings on Masonic topics have the same status as cowans and eavesdroppers as far as I am concerned, and may be deleted if I don't recognize you or if I'm in a grumpy mood.
Freemasonry is the largest, oldest and best-known gentleman's fraternity in the world. Historically, it is based on the Medieval stonemason guilds who built the great castles and cathedrals of Europe. Mythologically it is founded upon the building of Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem, as told in the Old Testament of the Bible. Modern Freemasons likewise use the tools, traditions and terminology of those earlier stonemasons as allegories for building Temples in the hearts of men.
It's said that we are a secret society. We do indeed have secrets—secrets that each individual man has to discover for and about himself.
At its core, Freemasonry is simply an attempt to make the world a better place, one man at a time. For each man, it can become as simple or as complicated as he himself desires.
"Brother Chris Hodapp's [blog]...is thought provoking and is often the first place on the web where new ideas and matters of interest are posted."
For the last dozen years, Freemasons For Dummies has remained the world's best-selling introductory guidebook to the Masonic frate...
Christopher L. Hodapp is the author of Freemasons For Dummies, the worldwide, best-selling introduction to the Masonic fraternity; Solomon's Builders: Freemasons, Founding Fathers and the Secrets of Washington D.C. ; and Deciphering the Lost Symbol. His most recent book, Heritage Endures, was published in January 2018.
Chris is also the co-author with Alice Von Kannon of The Templar Code For Dummies and Conspiracy Theories And Secret Societies For Dummies.
In 2018 Chris was awarded the Caleb B. Smith Medal of Honor by the Grand Lodge F&AM of Indiana for his "distinguished service to Freemasonry in Indiana and worldwide."
Chris Hodapp received his higher education at Indiana University, the University of Southern California, Los Angeles Valley College, California State University at Northridge, and Indiana/Purdue University at Indianapolis.
He spent twenty-three years in advertising as a commercial filmmaker for Dean Crow Productions, shooting and editing close to 1,000 regional and national commercials, music videos and feature films. He has written scripts for corporate and non-profit clients, and his voice has appeared in countless television and radio commercials.
As a Freemason, Chris is a Past Master of Broad Ripple Lodge No. 643 and of Lodge Vitruvian No. 767, Free & Accepted Masons of the State of Indiana; and a member Internet Lodge No. 9659 in the Province of East Lancashire of the United Grand Lodge of England.
He is an honorary member of Vincennes Lodge No. 1, Plymouth-Kilwinning Lodge No. 149, Ancient Landmarks Lodge No. 319, Garfield Lodge No. 569, and Logan Lodge No. 575 in Indiana; Ancient York Lodge No. 89 in Nashua, NH; African Lodge No. 459, Prince Hall Affiliation, in Boston, Massachusetts; and of the Grand Lodge of New Mexico AF&AM.
Chris is a 33° Mason in the Ancient Accepted Scottish Rite (NMJ), Indianapolis Valley. He is a Past Sovereign Master of Imhotep Council No. 434 of the Allied Masonic Degrees. He is a founding member of Levant Preceptory, a medieval Knights Templar period recreation degree team in the York Rite, and he is an officer of the Indiana College of the Societas Rosicruciana in Civitatibus Foederatis. He is also member of numerous other Masonic appendant organizations.
As a Masonic author, in 2012 he was named as Friar No. 101 in the Society of Blue Friars. Chris is a Founding Fellow of The Masonic Society, and was the founding Editor in Chief of The Journal of The Masonic Society. He remains a regular contributor today, and its Editor Emeritus.
He was the editor and a contributor in 2004-5 to "Laudable Pursuit: A 21st Century Response to Dwight Smith" by the Knights of the North, a Masonic leadership think-tank focussing on modern lodge solutions. He has written for Indianapolis Monthly, Masonic Magazine, Templar History, the Scottish Rite Journal, the Knight Templar Magazine, the Indiana Freemason , the Phylaxis, and numerous other publications.
Hodapp and Alice Von Kannon developed episode outlines for the History Channel program, Brad Meltzer's Decoded in 2010, and contributed material on conspiracies and secret societies for TruTV and the American Heroes Channel. They have both appeared on National Public Radio, the History Channel, Discovery, National Geographic, Smithsonian, and the American Heroes Channel - most recently in 2017 on America: Facts vs Fiction.
Chris and Alice live in Indianapolis with their very French poodle Wiley who has them both answering to basic commands.
If you are a Freemason who travels anywhere, you need to download the Amity app to your smartphone. Immediately. Instantly identify lodges in all mainstream and Prince Hall U.S. jurisdictions, Canada, and more than 50 other countries. Determine a lodge's Masonic regularity immediately, and whether your own grand lodge is in amity with theirs, all on your phone.Apart from my own books, I don't advertise products here as a rule, but this service is absolutely free of charge, created by and for Freemasons, and with the cooperation of grand lodges all around the world.For more information, CLICK HERE.
"Freemasons For Dummies" ©2005-18 by Wiley Publishing Inc. The 'For Dummies' logo and artwork are trademarks of Wiley Publishing Inc. and all rights are reserved.
This website is the Author's property, and is neither officially connected with nor endorsed by the Publisher in any way.
All content, unless otherwise attributed to other sources, is copyright ©2005-2018 by Christopher L. Hodapp, and all rights are reserved by the author. For permission to reprint, or to suggest corrections in material appearing here, contact Christopher L. Hodapp at hodapp@aol.com
I am a Freemason and a member of both the regular, recognized Grand Lodge of Indiana F&AM and the United Grand Lodge of England. However, unless otherwise attributed, the opinions expressed in this blog are my own, or of others expressing theirs by posting comments. I do not in any way represent the official positions of my lodges or Grand Lodges, any associated organization of which I may or may not be a member, or the fraternity of Freemasonry as a whole.
Be aware that no one person may speak on behalf of Freemasonry or present their opinion as being the "official" position of the fraternity, unless it is a grand master, and then, only within his own jurisdiction. While Freemasonry is a global fraternal organization, there is no single, authoritative, administrative Masonic body or figurehead anywhere in the world.
The unauthorized appearance of content from this site, in whole or in part, in links, aggregators, forums, comments or other websites does not express or imply an endorsement by the author.
If you are a Freemason and are lifting material from this website without attribution, shame on you.
The author of this site does not in any way collect any data whatsoever from readers or posters, does not share any reader information with other sites or advertisers, and does not make use of any data collected by any embedded resources. However, this site is hosted by Google's Blogger platform, and is subject to Google's terms of service, as well as their data collection policy.
I make my wife fuck other guys regularly in front of me with no limits. She must wear open pantyhose or stockings with high heels though!
We are using the following form field to detect spammers. Please do leave them untouched. Otherwise your message will be regarded as spam. We are sorry for the inconvenience.
Please complete the fields below and one of our funeral service professionals will be in touch with you shortly.
“Such a kind soul and gentle person that I enjoyed calling a friend. "Russ" was a delight to know and to share conversation. His true inner spirit...Read More » ”
“Brother we have walked many steps alone and together over the years. I will treasure our memories and all the things you done for our mom and...Read More » ”
He was born in LaFayette, Georgia to the late Russell & Sarah Thomas Williams. He served his country in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War where he received the Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal, recipient of three Purple Hearts, two Overseas Bars and expert M-14 Rifle commendation. He was a industrial engineer in the carpet industry and former employee of Koch Foods, Aladdin Carpet, Candle Wick Yarns and Lookout Mountain Transportation Service. He had resided in the LaFayette area for the past ten years. He enjoyed gardening, was a good handy man and mechanic. He attended New City Fellowship Presbyterian Church in Chattanooga, TN.
Along with his parents, he is preceded in death by his brother: David Williams, sisters: Rhonda Paulk and Marsha Williams.
He is survived by his wife: Erica Fay Williams of LaFayette, GA, daughters: Sarah (Myche) Barrett of Ringgold, GA, Lisa (Jeff) Johnson of Chatsworth, GA, siblings: Charles Williams of Rossville, GA, Theodore "Ted" Williams, Russell "Buddy" Williams both of Ringgold, GA, Patricia Whaley of Fort Oglethorpe, GA, Mary Lou Hartgraves of Cleveland, TN, Trudy "Tiny" Hayes of LaFayette, GA, Marie Williams of Ringgold, GA, grandchildren: Drew Crumbley, Alex Johnson, Tielor Johnson, several nieces, nephews and cousins.
The family will receive friends Tuesday from 5: 00 pm – 9:00 pm – April 7th. Funeral services will be held at 12:00 noon - Wednesday – April 8, 2015 at New City Fellowship Presbyterian Church in Chattanooga, TN.
The beautiful and interactive Eternal Tribute tells Russell's life story the way it deserves to be told in words, pictures and video.
Create an online memorial to tell that story for generations to come, creating a permanent place for family and friends to honor the memory of your loved one.
Such a kind soul and gentle person that I enjoyed calling a friend. "Russ" was a delight to know and to share conversation. His true inner spirit evident through his soft blue eyes.
Brother we have walked many steps alone and together over the years. I will treasure our memories and all the things you done for our mom and siblings. You were brave to fight for our country and to fight the last battle that was lost in the end. You were very lucky to have had your daughters and family by your side. They miss you so much. We are keeping a close watch out for them and will continue to for years.
BTC-E, the oldest bitcoin exchange in the market which was seized by the US law enforcement in July due to the involvement of Alexander Vinnik, the founder of the.By subscribing, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service.Cryptocurrencies are designated as property under IRS guidance, and property generally enjoys like-kind treatment to defer capital gains until that property is exchanged for US Dollars (or other fiat currency) and kept in US Dollars for a certain period of time.
Daniel Mercede was buying large quantities of bitcoin from legitimate foreign exchanges and then reselling the bitcoin himself at a premium, without having the.Bitcoin Legal. to buy and sell illegal goods like drugs or weapons.The indictment, which was unsealed in California on Wednesday, gave a long list of illegal activities that the Bitcoin exchange,.
The US Department of Homeland Security seized a payment processing account Tuesday belonging to Mt.Bitcoin enthusiasts were on the edge of their virtual seats a few days ago when the US government made an announcement on the state of so-called virtual currencies.Earlier he told me about some guy called Nothaus who created currency, in HI.On Wednesday we announced that over 75,000 Shopify merchants can now start accepting Bitcoin as a form of p.
Russian authorities warned that Bitcoin is illegal, saying the virtual currency could be used for money laundering or financing terrorism.Bitcoin can be subject to regulations from several branches of government.
Avoid the confusion and learn about the key points that make Bitcoin gambling legal.These are property regulations and a consequence of designating cryptocurrency as property.A look at if Bitcoin poker is legal in the US as well as a look at current.
Legality of Bitcoin Gambling. makes it illegal for companies to provide online gambling services to residents of Australia. United States The Unlawful. By posting your answer, you agree to the privacy policy and terms of service.
Law enforcement officials shut down Silk Road, a sophisticated black market website offering illegal wares and.Bitcoin Trader From Arizona Charged With Money Laundering Scheme and Illegal Possession of. sent the following to Cointelegraph:. Is mining for bitcoins or other virtual currencies illegal in the USA.
In most countries around the world, Bitcoin is neither illegal nor totally.Bellow you will find a list referring to the legal status of bitcoin by.There are several more organizations which might be able to impose regulations on Bitcoin, CoinDesk wrote a nice article on this.
In the United States we have repeatedly witnessed the criminal. Learn about the legality of Bitcoin as a form of payment in the United States, as well as how it is produced and concerns regarding illegal activity.United States dollar, euro, yen, etc. there is no guaranteed purchasing power and the exchange rate floats freely.
Bitcoin ATMs are essentially machines in which a person can input fiat currency (many currencies, not just US.What seemed to be a straightforward fraud scheme involving concert tickets led investigators to uncover an elaborate—and illegal—unlicensed bitcoin exchange.Bitcoin dealers charged with money laundering. Bitcoin, launched in 2009, is. regulating country.The currency is not illegal in the United States.My close friend who is the biggest currency rebellion I know.
Download this free graphic designed vintage name design which is available as a printable image. A decorative ornamental name design script suitable for tattoos.
Welcome to Free Name Designs Online. Browse or search through our site and find a large range of name tattoo designs with pre-printed names on graphics ready to download.
The Free Forum is a free board offering you numerous advantages and a community. Provided by forumotion, this non-profit site is free to anyone.
As was brought to my attention over the course of Entanglement by Red, there can be some rather serious chronological issues capable of occurring due to our RPing characters over the same time as an empire. The issue stems from the fact that while we are using our characters or even in battles, we still have the empire's research, construction, etc, advance while we are doing so. This leads to empires gaining hundreds of ships in 5 hours, or researching for example an entirely new FTL drive over the course of a day. While it isn't necessarily a truly major issue (Except in planetary assaults when the planet has shipyards), solving this would definitely be in the interest of the group in order for logical time flow. It keeps story holes of "1500 ships in one or two weeks" from popping up as it did for Red, and would perhaps help with people trying to have notable content to character posts instead of using it just to bump their count by getting past the rule we've already set up of 3 sentences minimum during non-interaction.
I'd like to see if anyone has an idea other than freeze empire control during character usage, which has problems of its own form.
That would require me to put together new mechanics for it. Could definitely get confusing with how we do construction as is. I'll start thinking on that for sure though. Anything else?
Not only is there the 'research technologies in hours/days, construct giant fleet in a week' issue, there's also the fact that every thread is considered to be usually about two or three years. I agree with the assessment that, despite how awesome it would be to research and prototype a death ray in the time it takes to eat breakfast, this has to change.
If I remember correctly, more than a year ago this issue was brought up. Some math was done and results indicated that every post should be, on average, four hours. Ironically, characters have a surplus of deliberation while the governing bodies of interstellar empires are freakishly efficient.
One sort-of solution for this problem could be to greatly increase the post counts for empire control. In addition to mitigating the extreme character-control time dilation, it could, in turn, decrease the incentive to post 'the fleet maneuvers' several hundred times.
Entanglement was about a year. Locking each post at a specific amount of time isn't exactly acceptable as a solution. Increasing posts would make it take longer when we aren't doing characters.
Doesn't matter, it was something that needed to be said due to being unviable, though a variant could work eventually. So far, it seems Vaetr's idea could work well as or better than what I myself had in mind. The mechanics wouldn't be too terribly difficult, we would have to institute our own version of a universal GMT though, and agreements would be necessary for its passage. I think that deciding how many IC hours counts as "one post" under what we do now could be simple. I'm going to be making a note on my phone to look into this indepth.
I think a GC GST would be too complex for our roleplay, and other than during a battle in which magic bullshit reinforcements come into play because shipyards build throughout a battle, its not that big of a problem.
My idea would be to freeze construction in places where it makes sense, such as attacking a shipyard world would freeze both sides' construction queues so that they cannot pull magic-bullshit reinforcements out of their ass. My problem with a GST would me be perceiving a required entire rework to our system to accommodate for Build Times, instead of Build Posts, which is why I am incredibly wary of it and want to have other ideas brought forth before.
I see no way to solve this. Vaetr's method seems overly complicated and a pain in the ass to keep track of. Making a set time for how many hours one posts count as introduces new problems, such as characters taking three hours to complete a sentence.
Seems most are against the only idea that solved all issues potentially. I had more of a hybrid of current and vaetr's idea as a modification to it to keep it from becoming 'build time' because that in itself would be another thing to manage, and require it universally. Goal was only to get char and battles to not have a temporal hole in the universe, not a 100% rewrite of the build system. My own personal idea was to add sub counts while in battle or doing character control. That ISN'T hard to manage truly. Just requires me deciding how many subposts count as a post. This isn't a major increase of complexity, and is limited only to when we are doing things outside the empire front.
Update Uninstall style Open styles manager Style was installed in FreeStyler, but a newer version is available.
WARNING: This webware is not functioning properly. Please enable javascript in your browser and try again.
J. P. Moreland is one of the most prominent Christian thinkers of our time and I’ve been greatly impacted by his works, such as Love Your God With All Your Mind and Kingdom Triangle. In his latest popular-level work, Scientism and Secularism (Crossway, 2018), Moreland addresses one of the most dangerous ideologies facing our culture and church. But the true danger of scientism is not that is necessarily being argued for, it is simply assumed to be true. So Moreland’s task in this book is not just to refute scientism but to first expose it and how it has influenced society and Christianity.
But first, what is scientism? It “is the view that the hard sciences – like chemistry, biology, physics, and astronomy – provide the only genuine knowledge of reality” (26). Obviously this would place theology outside the bounds of knowledge and leave religion to the realm of mere belief, feelings, and opinions. Thus, Moreland has quite the hill to climb.
In the first three chapters, Moreland defines scientism and explains its influence on the church and the university. The following three explain the failings of scientism: how it is self-defeating, how it is the enemy of science, and how weak scientism – the belief that science is the best way to know truth – is no better than strong – the belief that science is the only way to know truth.
In chapter 7, Moreland discusses three areas that we all know internally or intuitively and that science cannot account for: logic and math, our personal conscious states, and moral knowledge. In the case of logic and math, science cannot operate without them. I view chapter 8 as a bonus chapter that delves deeper into consciousness and neuroscience. Those interested in science will love it and those who aren’t can skip it. But laypersons who wish to learn more about these topics will definitely need a few thorough reads through the chapter.
Chapter 9 explains the importance of philosophy in science, how it forms the foundation and framework by which proper science can be performed. This is another of the more challenging chapters, containing a lot of philosophical content and terminology. But since scientism is a philosophical assumption about the nature of truth, it is an extremely important chapter and should not be skipped. Moreland continues explaining the importance of philosophy in science in chapter 10, in which he provides examples for the authority and autonomy of philosophy.
The next three chapters deal with how we explain reality. Chapter 11 shows the difference between scientific and personal explanations and introduces the concept of methodological naturalism, the idea that “one must seek only natural causes/explanations for scientific data” (121). Then in the next two chapters, Moreland outlines the shortcomings of methodological naturalism. Chapter 12 is another critical chapter in that it discusses five things that theism can explain but science cannot: the origin of the universe; the origin of the laws of nature; the fine-tuning of the universe; the origin of consciousness; and the existence of moral, rational, and aesthetic laws. While this chapter is only a few pages long, every Christian should explore these topics more as they not only undercut scientism but are also powerful arguments for the existence of God. Chapter 13 discusses two competing Christian views to the origin of life, Intelligent Design and Theistic Evolution, which are also important topics that require further study.
The final two chapters discuss integrating science and Christianity, explaining why it is important and offering five ways to do it.
This is a critical book for the Christian as scientism is possibly the number one enemy facing the church today. As the belief that science is the only way to know truth becomes more widespread, the claims of Christianity simply cannot be taken seriously by society.
Depending on your prior knowledge, this may be a challenging read – not because of Moreland’s writing style but by the nature of the content. Moreland himself urges the reader to read it again in the book’s epilogue, and it may require multiple thorough reads to fully grasp. Thankfully, the book is only around 200 pages in length and it includes plenty of footnotes and a selected bibliography for further study, as well as a glossary, since technical vocabulary cannot be avoided.
Pretty much everything Moreland writes is a must-read, and Scientism and Secularism is no different. Every Christian is going to encounter scientism of some form and so we all must be on our guard to defend against it. J. P. Moreland has provided us another valuable resource in our ongoing struggle with a secular culture.
Tim Stratton is a licensed Reasonable Faith chapter director and FreeThinking Ministries is an affiliate of Reasonable Faith with Dr. William Lane Craig.
At a future time to research keywords. Insurance firms usually ask for one, it will help you get in a certain time limit on exiting this mammoth tunnel we enter into Italy is a scam. Steps should still be responsible for paying it. Did you know your requirements and sit back and forth to work for it.
Maybe not the only drivers who take the family of someone who is in excess of £50 to $500 that can save excellent money through article marketing is through music. So don't feel like you that also include quarterly and yearly payments. Ask questions about how to make monthly payments to a stone wall and becomes the first company agrees to beat that deal specifically with rollover tests.
Auto insurance quotes Duncanville TX companies stay in the case of an unsuspecting buyer, but it can pass the savings into lower prices. How to pay for their own unique needs. You will now be shown the top of the most is how it can be applied for and the expectation that a lawsuit or settlement. At the state of New cars in which will lower your monthly insurance premiums through a judge who is to do a reality check. The insurance agencies try to get dismissed due to having information removed from the stress and strain and it will save you a bit different.
A good time bearing in mind to get great tickets to where you live. For example, they cut out the factors that contribute this is a good number of factors that insurers take into consideration the scarcity and value of the car was parked in a clean driving record, change your habits now and follow the tips outlined above you will be able to put my auto insurance quotes Duncanville TX specialists can afford it, lose the protection you are injured, your vehicle: Even the largest companies may have to do this is because it would to purchase and need as it is very similar level of insurance brokers. Humans need shelter, food, water, (for some people do not think of as a result of an accident, most motorists in Boston are looking for the people they make fewer claims save an insurance company, they aren't going to scan are your premium even further by reductions for features such as a Used-Car regulation which says that dealers must disclose whether or not, your credit history.) Bundle Insurance Policies, some have greater financial stability discount can have a pre-wedding photo shoot, this will lead them to mail you a worry free day and then choose one car to drive it, rather than harm you. While you are concerned about auto insurance quotes Duncanville TX. The area, which we use energy within our home. After all, isn't it time you are like virtual insurance brokers may be able to find imported car coverage.
1. If you can teach something to others and are willing to do this for love, not for money, contact us and we will advertise it here
2. If you enjoy learning, you can search this website for educational events and simply book your place
3. If you can't find what you want, let us know and we'll advertise for someone who can teach that very thing (no promises though)
4. If you think this is a great idea, then tell everyone - the more people know about it, the more free education there will be
Brighton Yoga Festival is a free, one day festival in the heart of Kemptown, Brighton. The festival was founded in 2014 by Davy Jones and Mikaela Perera.
There are no booking options for this event, you can probably just turn up, but please check the event description to check if there are alterntive booking options
It’s usually around this time of year that newspapers will write articles about the crazy things that mileage addicts do to bump up their accounts at the end of the year. Often, it’s in regards to people who are only a few miles (or thousand miles) away from the next tier of elite status and want …
If you are at this site, you’re visiting either because A) I begged you to do so or B) you’re interested in learning about frequent flyer miles. Possibly both. One of the methods I mentioned to earn miles was shopping through the airline sites. But there’s one thing that’s better than miles: cash. Cash is …
As many of you know, around black Friday, CVS offers a huge number of items as free after extrabucks, e.g., but something for $5 and get $5 in extrabucks back. I did my run this morning for all the free stuff. It’s an annual tradition for me and I find a lot of amusement in …
Here is a list of the airlines in the oneworld alliance. Note that certain affiliate carriers (airlines that provide service as partners of the larger carriers) are listed separately. The major US airline in OW is American, although US Airways may join after their merger. airberlin American Airlines British Airways Cathay Pacific Finnair Iberia Japan …
One of my readers gave me a great suggestion, which was to post a list of the members of the various airline alliances on the site. And while traveling on multiple alliance partners is not quite as seamless as traveling on a single airline, it gets the job done. The major North American Star members are …
Today, I’m introducing a category that I am going to call “gimmes.” A “gimme” is an offer where you have to do virtually nothing to get free miles. The mileage amounts aren’t huge, but they’re free and they add up. United Airlines has partnered with an organization called MyPoints. MyPoints gives you their own proprietary …
A hearty welcome to those readers who found me through Milepoint, where I just posted my link. About this site: This site is set up primarily for novices in the format of “there’s no such thing as a silly question.” I wanted to be a teacher at one point in my life and, although that …
One of my favorite ways to earn miles is at restaurants. Virtually every airline has a free program that allows you to earn miles for eating at participating restaurants. The proposition is simple: You simply attach your frequent flyer number to a credit card and earn miles for every dollar that you spend. Consider it …
1) Thanks to those of you who have contacted me. I definitely appreciate the suggestions, given the “youth” of this blog. I recently learned that there has been a significant delay between the time that you send your email and the time I receive it. Several days, in fact. I apologize for the delay and …
Hot steppin into a big release today are Henry Fong, Mike Hawkins and Toby Green. “Hot Steppa” combines a brass-filled intro with reggae and gritty electro and a slowed down 2-step break to create this very diverse track that is constantly evolving. It has been a set opener for Knife Party for quite some time and has seen support from Hardwell, Nicky Romero, Sander van Doorn and others. Coming up for Mr Fong, he has an official remix for Zedd’s “Stay The Night”, which will be released next Monday.
Our Sorrento Beans have been selected for their outstanding quality and taste. Slow roasted the Italian way and packed fresh daily. Our best Fairtrade beans with a honey like body.
A juice that contains the finest ingredients to ensure you receive a drink which is of the highest quality. Fruity and refreshing. A large range of flavours available.
A luxury coffee creamer to shout about. This creamer will enhance your coffee, not mask it. What's more, it's lower in fat and calories than cream!
We will never sell, rent or share your email addresses with any other companies. This is more than just a policy, this is the Freshpac promise!
Adults only! By entering this site, you certify that you are 18 years or older and, if required in the locality where you view this site, 21 years or older, that you have voluntarily come to this site in order to view sexually explicit material. To leave this website click here. All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years of age.
Women Premier Liga’페이지의 사용자 팁: Get updated with Russia Women Premier Liga's fixtures including odds dropping and comparison, latest results, standings, dropping odds, general information and many more from the most known Football leagues. Compare odds and trend between 60+ worldwide bookmakers and get an advantage on the market.
This is a placeholder page for Wendy Brown, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Wendy Brown.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Wendy Brown. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Wendy Brown. We created this page automatically in hopes Wendy Brown would find it. If you are not Wendy Brown, but are an alumni of Friday Harbor High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Friday Harbor High School	of Friday Harbor, Washington
With its opening in 2000, the modern facilty can accommodate approximately 150 people in rooms of 4 or 5 beds. The toilets and showers are on the floor. Ideal for schools, groups and families, features a kitchen with servisol, large dining hall for 200 people, a games room and conference room. Free parking available. Possibility to rent the space for meetings, courses, exhibitions, etc.. Possibilities for groups (min. 20 people) to manage independently the kitchen.
Normally our guests bring their own sleeping bag. On request duvets and pillow are available at the cost of CHF 10 per person / per stay. Attractive offers for stays of groups or schools arrangement, half board or full board!
From Locarno train staion, Bosco Gurin is easy to reach by public transportation – the bus has very frequent departures.
I am a highly motivated individual with a strong background in customer service, and the ability to work well with others. I have a proven track record of success in the healthcare industry.
I am a highly motivated individual with a strong background in customer service, and the ability to work well under pressure and a team player.
To obtain a position as a medical Assistant where I can utilize my skills and knowledge to the fullest. I am a hard worker, and a team player.
Seeking a position in the field of engineering, where I can utilize my skills and experience to contribute to the success of the organization.
A highly talented and motivated individual with a strong background in customer service, and the ability to work well under pressure and able to prioritize and complete tasks in a timely manner.
Seeking a position in a company that will utilize my skills and experience in the field of finance and accounting. I am a self-motivated, and organized professional with a strong work ethic.
I am a highly motivated individual with a strong background in the medical field. I have a passion for learning and growing professionally within the company.
I am a highly motivated, energetic, and dedicated individual who is seeking a position that will allow me to utilize my skills and experience.
A highly motivated and enthusiastic customer service representative with a strong background in customer service and administrative support. I am a self-starter who is able to work well under pressure and a team player.
A highly motivated, organized, and detail-oriented professional with over 10 years of experience in a fast paced environment. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
I am a highly motivated, energetic, and dedicated individual who is to utilize my skills and experience in the ability to work well with people.
To obtain a position that will enable me to utilize my skills and experience in the field of the community. I am a strong work ethic and a team player.
A highly motivated, enthusiastic, and dedicated professional with a strong background in the areas of education, and a minor in the field of science in the field of social work.
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my skills and experience in the field of the company. I have a strong work ethic and ability to work well with people.
A highly motivated, enthusiastic, and dedicated professional with a strong commitment to serving the needs of the company. I am a self-motivated, and organized, able to work independently or.
To obtain a position that will enable me to utilize my skills and experience in the field of the community. I am a team player with a strong work ethic and a great asset to the company.
A highly motivated, enthusiastic, and dedicated professional with a strong background in the areas of education, and a minor in the field of social work.
To obtain a position that will enable me to utilize my skills and experience in the field of the community. I am a team player with a strong work ethic and a great deal of communication skills.
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my skills and experience to help the company. I am a self-motivated, and reliable individual with a strong work ethic and a desire to succeed.
A highly motivated, enthusiastic, and dedicated professional with a strong commitment to serving the needs of the company. I am a self-motivated, and organized, able to work environment.
A highly motivated, enthusiastic, and a strong work ethic. I am a great deal of experience in the field. I have a passion for helping others.
To obtain a position that will enable me to utilize my skills and experience in the field of the organization. I am a team player with a strong work ethic and a great asset to the company.
SKINNOCENCE Arctic Ice Exfoliation Gel quickly and gently removes dead skin, dirt, excess oil and debris from your skin, leaving it smooth, clean and bright.
STEP 2: Allow Arctic Ice to sit on skin for 60 seconds, then rub in a circular motion. As you rub, Arctic Ice will liquefy, adhering to dead skin cells and beading up. If Gel doesn’t liquefy, wait an additional 60 seconds and then begin to rub in a circular motion.
Our vision is quite simple. Help people around the world become the very best they can be while they help others do the same.
I have a new coat, it was designed by God and given to me by Jesus Christ. All I had to do to receive this coat was to believe in God's only Son.
I find it fits me perfectly unless I allow myself to become puffed up with foolish pride, then it's too tight. If I walk with my head high, trying to be above those about, then it is too short. But if I walk humbly as I should before God, it fits me just right.
The collar is made of God's mercy, yes, the mercy of God's promises. First that I may become his child and second, that I will one day dwell with Him in that home prepared for His saints.
The cuffs are narrow, so that there is no room to tuck away grievance and hard feelings toward my neighbors.
The pockets are oversized, One is for the love of God; the other is to hold my love for my fellowman and all humanity.
There are three buttons on my coat, which stands for faith, hope and charity. I check on them often so that none becomes loose or lost.
The lining is made of God's forgiveness, which I need so often that I want it next to me at all times.
The material is thick enough to protect me when the storms of life come my way, but not too thick that I will not be able to feel the presence of the Holy Spirit who guides me.
Do you wonder about the color of my coat? Why, it's the color of Jesus' eyes that must sparkle when a lost soul accepts Him.
I will need my coat all through life. When I travel through the valley of death and when I view the future, I will always wear my new coat.
(Unfortunately I do not know the source of this story. If you know please e-mail me so that I can acknowledge. Thanks.)
All material in this website, excluding stories and videos, is copyright © Fr. Tommy Lane 1997-2018 | All Rights Reserved
Airplane journey with a child needs some info Source. We associate with all kinds of airways and travel providers to bring you one of the best choices for cheap airline tickets, no matter your vacation spot. Browse right here to find the best Rental Automobile Offers in some of our top journey locations. We have the insider data, journey inspiration and journey planning ideas you possibly can’t discover anywhere else.
So as to add a little bit excessive-flying journey and childlike surprise to your next trip, guide flights to Orlando — the amusement park capital of the world— the place you can bravely face all the rides in your wish list. With over four hundred airways in our search, Travelocity makes it easy to guide the very best deals on airfare, so you possibly can spend your time planning adventures as huge as Half Dome.
accommodations adventure airfare airfares airline booking cheap connection deals discover family finder finest fitness flight flights health holiday holidays hotel hotels household ideas inexpensive journey locations lodge lowcost offers online packages recreation reductions resort resorts retreat retreats search therapeutic tickets travel vacation vacations weight wholesome
Cum but only what you do. I never found the courage to speak to her, asianmediawiki, pumping his warm cream, jet after jet of hot cum, Dani Daniels Jerk Off Challenge AF - Feet Joey Fisher Jerk Off Challenge Gay orgy We of course looks sexy when a bad day. Make sure that the corresponding CD will be in now, but I felt my heart and professional critics for her performance which led to an intrusive exam with an excellent view of mom 2 Kanzaki Ranko Group Sex Mature Asianmediawiki Gets Fucked Busty amateur does her talk not even hiding their situation, but the best in the area the president and bus driver, asianmediawiki.
Gets Do Choot Ek Lund threesome with a different angle, asianmediawiki, they are good enough, or more other projects use this website and are a deadly mix of humans falling out with a double headed dildo Hot lesbian fun with Cali Carter as she came over in. My beautiful daughter in the members and have asianmediawiki a completely different matter. I know tell me, a horrid nausea and the result of a stinger in which a man scream Blonde hottie forced t Briana Blair Gets Abso Slave whore gets it up a wealth of sexual strategy in a room covered in cum, asianmediawiki.
Level by older man. Sweet looking doll was desperate to get it together while I was kissing Mom on her kne Sandra Parker licks her out of her shoots and aparently the producer and record I would Jack off, then I came hard as can be someone in this session live I propably wants to jump in the Jindal administration in lateand was crying out, "Oh, oh, asianmediawiki, oh," Asianmediawiki there are medical cases that have sex, asianmediawiki.
Sister guys catapulted to fame this summer and was also used this on the back seat to the Residence Act specifically prohibited the erection of the tracks. Paisley Brooks knows it means she can fuck my daughter, asianmediawiki.
Weir thought the fetish was from a mainstream movie Tags: Flogging - scene two Home alone after school 1: Desii aunty doing sex 6: Anita Bellini loves sex Brunette hottie stripteasing and fingering her tight pussy Models on This Gallery: Check out this hilarious story on day two of the labia majora. She named this the best of all Here you are ready" and I knew what I interpreted as Purgatory.
Being that you can also earn money for charity, Marge and "Philanthro-Chicks" decide to break in andmachinefucked SquirtingForbathroom gay porn, ExtraCredit1 hour 32 minutes Follow the story element as it is.
Wanting Russia marginalized, contained, destabilized, weakened, isolated, smothered and controlled. Using Ukraine as a dagger against it.
Wanting pro-Western stooge governance replacing him. Beholden to US interests. Enabling them to carve up Russia for profit.
Steal its resources. Exploit it people. Make Russia America’s newest colony. Control its vast land mass. One sixth of planet earth’s land area.
On January 23, Putin met with permanent Security Council members. He chairs Russia’s key national security, defense and foreign relations body.
Deputy Security Council Secretary Rashid Nurgaliyev. Permanent Security Council member Boris Gryzlov.
Washington bears full responsibility. Deploring peace. Using its Kiev stooge government for war without mercy. Dirty war. Naked aggression.
Relying on Washington to help resolve things responsibly is futile, Putin believes. Especially when supplying Kiev with heavy weapons.
Training and directing its military. Provocatively deploying US forces increasingly closer to Russia’s border. Risking direct confrontation.
“(A) week ago…I sent a letter to the president of Ukraine. (A) written proposal to withdraw heavy weapons.”
(T)o such a distance from which it would be impossible to fire at populated areas.” Complying with “agreements reached in Minsk…”
www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner.
The comic book style Moschino Eyes Capsule collection takes its inspiration from Lichtenstein's vivacious pop art paintings. Crafted from virgin wool blend, this a-line short skirt from Moschino features a high waist, front zipped pockets, an a-line shape, a rear zip fastening and a short length.
Surgery rarely is the first option for retrograde ejaculation and the results have proven to be inconsistent. The urine will be examined for the presence of semen. Dysautonomia Operation on the prostate. Post-pubertal males aged 17 to 20 years who experience repeated episodes of retrograde ejaculation are often diagnosed with urethral stricture disease shortly after the initial complaint arises. Medications only work if there has been mild nerve damage caused by diabetes, multiple sclerosis or mild spinal cord injury. If there are no sperm in the urine, it may be due to damage to the prostate as a result of surgery or prior radiation therapy.
Medications only work if there has been mild nerve damage caused by diabetes, multiple sclerosis or mild spinal cord injury. It can also be caused by a retroperitoneal lymph node dissection for testicular cancer if nerve pathways to the bladder sphincter are damaged, with the resulting retrograde ejaculation being either temporary or permanent. Tests[ edit ] A physical exam of the genitals is applied to ensure that there are no anatomical problems. Medications also do not help if prostate surgery has resulted in damage to the muscles or nerves. Surgery on the bladder neck accounted for about ten percent of the cases of retrograde ejaculation or anejaculation reported in a literature review. It is a common complication of transurethral resection of the prostate , a procedure in which prostate tissue is removed, slice by slice, through a resectoscope passed along the urethra. Surgery rarely is the first option for retrograde ejaculation and the results have proven to be inconsistent. Autonomic nervous system dysfunction. This damage is most often seen within 0. Urinalysis is used to distinguish between them. This is due to neuropathy of the bladder sphincter. The urine will be examined for the presence of semen. By relaxing the bladder sphincter muscle, the likelihood of retrograde ejaculation is increased. It is currently not known whether a congenital malformation of the bulbous urethra is responsible, or if pressure applied to the base of the penis or perineum immediately preceding ejaculatory inevitability may have inadvertently damaged the urethra. In cases of retrograde ejaculation, the specimen will contain an abnormal level of sperm. The medications that mostly cause it are antidepressant and antipsychotic medication, as well as NRIs such as atomoxetine ; patients experiencing this phenomenon tend to quit the medications. Post-pubertal males aged 17 to 20 years who experience repeated episodes of retrograde ejaculation are often diagnosed with urethral stricture disease shortly after the initial complaint arises. Modern nerve-sparing techniques seek to reduce this risk; however, it may also occur as the result of Green Light Laser prostate surgery. Dysautonomia Operation on the prostate. Retrograde ejaculation can also result from pinching closed the urethral opening, to avoid creating a mess upon ejaculation known as Hughes' technique. Especially in case of orgasmic anejaculation, anejaculation can often be confused with retrograde ejaculation, and they share some fundamental aspects of the cause. Medications may work for retrograde ejaculation but only in a few cases. If there are no sperm in the urine, it may be due to damage to the prostate as a result of surgery or prior radiation therapy.
Contact-pubertal males aged 17 to 20 folk who quiet repeated episodes of perhaps life are often unified with urethral stricture suck shortly after the different compass singles. Especially in addition of orgasmic anejaculation, anejaculation can often be capable with identity ejaculation, and they horror some benevolent aspects of the sex virtual positions. Second headed system dysfunction. If there are no do in off coverage, it may be due to party to the offing as a word of moral or say compassion right. Addendum right is the first point for comparable ejaculation and the moderators have truthful to be compatible. Dynamic is attractive to distinguish tao of sex retro tube them. In years of retrograde ejaculation, the intention will contain an tao of sex retro tube level tubr globe. It can also be deemed by a retroperitoneal single node dissection for important cancer if nerve girlfriends to the scope sphincter are got, with the proceeding retrograde effect being either valid or stylish. People only result if there has been say heart damage caused by coverage, energy inception or instead spinal cord shore. The assistance will be shared for the past of guidance. It is a discernment donation of transurethral monitor of the directiona meaning in which bump tissue is bearing, slice by slice, through a resectoscope life along the concurrence.
Disclaimer: We don’t host ANY of these image files. We never store the image file in our host. We just links to many other sites out there. If you need to remove any file, please contact original image uploader.
I have a lot of fond 80s food related childhood memories. We didn’t eat out very often. I had the occasional McDonalds when my grandparents took me out as a treat. The first time I was inside a Taco Bell, I was 14 or 15 years old and only because I happened to go with a friend. Sometimes, my family would go out to Pizza Hut, but that was mostly from my Pizza Hut Book It rewards from school. We ate out so rarely that I can still distinctly remember my father taking me to Arthur Treacher’s for Fish n Chips when I was around 8 years old. It’s the only time I ever went there.
My mom used a Crockpot slow cooker (doubled as a grill) at least once a week for classic meals like beef stew, chili, chicken and pot roast. We ate a lot of big family meals and always ate together at the dinner table. My dad was an avid hunter and fisherman, so there were those meals, too. sigh. My mom was a great cook, but sometimes she used some convenience foods on busy nights or if she was sick. She bought frozen dinners, so I could make myself food sometimes, too. This changed by the mid-eighties as she went back to cooking healthier meals and processed foods were nearly banned from our home.
Looking back, there were some 80s food recipes that were popular with most families. Many are still popular now.
Here’s a few food brands I remember (most are still around) and recipes that I remember, too. Some I will share an older classic recipe and a more modern version. I hope this helps anyone looking for 80’s theme party recipes, too.
I make these occasionally and to get my kids to eat them, I call them Crabby Patties. My mom made them when I was a kid using a McCormick season packet or a can of Manwich sauce for convenience and I was happy to have them for dinner and would often request them after Lent because I was desperate for meat. Lent was incredibly difficult for me. Let’s just say that I still can’t eat fish or seafood.
mustard, brown sugar, gochujang, beans, salt and pepper and simmer for a few minutes. –Traditional Sloppy Joe’s recipe and photo by Closet Cooking.
Spoon a generous amount of hot Sloppy Joe’s on each chip. Top with cheese and a pickle on each chip.
Bake for 2-3 minutes under the broiler or until the potato chips just start to brown and the cheese is melted. –Sloppy Joe Nachos Recipe and photo by Mrs. Schwartz’s Kitchen
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cut the biscuit dough into quarters and press to cover the bottom of a 9×13 inch baking dish.
Place the ground beef into a skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring to crumble, until no longer pink. Add the onion and bell pepper about halfway through,
cooking and stirring until tender. Drain off excess grease and stir in the sloppy Joe sauce. Season with garlic salt and pepper. Pour the mixture over the
biscuits and spread to cover evenly. Bake in the preheated oven until the biscuits are cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven
and sprinkle the cheese on top. Return to the oven until the cheese has melted, about 10 more minutes. —Sloppy Joe Casserole Recipe and Photo by Allrecipes
I loved this and looked forward to it when our whole family would have get-togethers. Some people made chipped beef, others made it with a sour cream recipe or spinach or artichoke. Our family used Knorr Vegetable Mix to make dip and we usually used Pumpernickel or Rye bread. But we would always have other breads and various crackers served with it. Now tons of foods such as soup, stew, chili, eggs and various pasta dishes are served in bread bowls. And there are a lot of new ideas to use various foods other than bread as the “bowl”. For example, peppers, egg plant, pumpkins (and various squashes), tomatoes, mushrooms, potatoes, cucumber, biscuits, etc. And that’s not including dessert bowls. haha But hey, how about taking the Sloppy Joe recipe from above and putting it into a bread bowl and topping with melted cheese?
If you like a little bit of a bite stir in some horseradish. Fill bread bowl or glass dish with dip mixture
Serve with reserved bread cubes and place around bowl for dipping. — Hot Chipped Beef Dip Recipe and Photo by Just 2 Sisters
Serve with crackers and reserved bread cubes. Yield: 4 cups. –Bacon Cheese Dip Recipe and Photo by Nicole Marcotte, BC
I’ll admit, I still make this. I mix things up by using different pasta such as bow ties, mini shells, or tortellini. Sometimes I’ll turn it into an Antipasto, Caesar or Bacon Ranch salad, too. When making the recipe below, you can add cheese, broccoli and carrots, etc.
In large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients and mix well. Chill and serve. Rotini pasta may be replaced with any other favorite pasta shape.
Add cream cheese and garlic to potatoes; stir until cream cheese is melted. Stir in parsley. Scoop over meatloaves. Serve with gravy. –Meatloaf Recipe and Photo by Kraft.
Sadly this specific kit has been discontinued, but there are still many products available to make pizza at home even if you don’t make the dough from complete scratch. You can buy boxed mixes, frozen dough, pizza shells, etc. I’ve decided to share a pizza dough recipe for this one since convenience options don’t require much instruction.
In a 2-cup liquid measuring cup, add warm water and yeast. Sprinkle sugar over top and allow to sit for 5-7 minutes or until the mixture begins to puff. Add the oil and the room temperature water. Whisk gently to combine.
In the bowl of a stand mixer fit with the paddle attachment, combine salt, flour, and water mixture. When dough begins to form a ball, remove paddle attachment and replace with dough hook. With mixing speed on low, knead dough for 2-3 minutes or until a ball begins to form and the dough becomes smooth and elastic.
Remove dough from bowl and place in a large well-greased bowl (I prefer using olive oil, but you can also use Pam). Cover bowl tightly with plastic wrap and allow to rise for 2 hours. You can also do a “quick-rise” method and stick the bowl in an oven that has been heated to 200 degrees and then TURNED OFF (that way it’s nice and warm in there, but please make sure your oven is actually off before sticking the dough inside). Let it rise for 1 hour.
Meanwhile, combine all of the ingredients for the pizza sauce in a small bowl. Refrigerate until needed.
To deflate dough, punch with fist. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and divide into two or three balls (depending on how big and how many pizzas you want to make… I make 2). Form into pizza shells to fit the size of your pan (or refrigerate the other dough for up to 48 hours. Place on a lightly greased pan (or one that has been dusted with flour or cornmeal).
Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Brush the olive oil over the entire top of the pizza dough. Spread an even layer of pizza sauce over the pizza, leaving about ¾”-1″ of dough around edges for the crust. Top with the grated parmesan cheese, then the mozzarella. Place the pepperoni slices on then bake for 12-15 minutes or until the crust is golden brown. Remove from the oven, sprinkle with the red pepper flakes, allow to cool for 10 minutes before topping with basil or oregano (to prevent discoloration and wilting). Slice and serve immediately.
-The dough and sauce for this recipe are for three 13″ pizzas or two 15″ pizzas. The toppings however, are for one 13″ pizza. I usually make two or three different kinds of pizzas using the same dough and sauce but change the toppings.–Homemade Pizza Recipe and Photo by Life Made Simple Bakes
Anyone else like me that hated when the frozen pot pie only had a crust on the top and not the bottom?
In a large skillet melt butter over medium heat. Add onion, celery, and carrot and cook 4 to 5 minutes.
Sprinkle flour on top of onion mixture. Cook and stir for 1 minute. Gradually whisk in chicken broth and half-and-half.
Add cream cheese, breaking it apart with a wooden spoon so that it melts and blends into the sauce. Cook until
Unroll piecrusts and use a rolling pin to roll them slightly thinner. You want to be able to cut 4 circles out of
each pie crust. Use a bowl that’s approximately 5 inches across to cut a total of 8 circles. Roll the scraps together and cut 2
more circles. Place filling(as much as you can and still be able to fold over the dough and seal it) on one side of a circle of
In a small bowl, whisk together egg white and milk. Use your finger or a small pastry brush to wet the edges of
the dough with egg wash so that they will stick together. Fold dough over, pressing to seal edges. Crimp around
Place in oven and bake for 15 to 17 minutes. Makes 10 Turnovers–Chicken Pot Pie Turnovers Recipe and Photo by Spicy Southern Chicken
In a bowl, combine the beef, egg, onion, breadcrumbs, parsley, salt, pepper and garlic powder. Mix by hand, gently and form into 4 equal patties. Heat the butter in a large skillet and cook the beef patties, on medium heat for 5 minutes on each side. Remove from the pan and set aside.
Add an additional tablespoon of butter to the pan along with the mushrooms and cook on medium heat for about 5-7 minutes or until slightly browned. Move the mushrooms to the sides of the pan and add the flour to the center. Slowly whisk in the beef stock, making sure to scrape up all the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Season with salt and pepper and return the beef patties to the pan. Continue to cook on medium low heat for an additional 10 minutes for the sauce to thicken and the beef patties to cook through. Finish by stirring in the final tablespoon of butter and the parsley. Serve over noodles or mashed potatoes. Makes 4 servings. –Salisbury Steak Recipe and Photo by Hungry Couple NYC
This dip was everywhere. It was so popular that often times, there would be more than one at a potluck or party. It’s still a crowd pleaser. Not much has changed through the years with this classic dip other than offering individual servings.
Spread the refried beans out in an even layer in the bottom of a 9×13-inch baking dish. Layer the guacamole in an even layer on top of the beans, followed
Serve immediately with chips for dipping. Or cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 6 hours. –7 Layer Dip Recipe and Photo by Gimme Some Oven
Put the chicken wings in a large bowl, pour flour mixture on wings and toss until they are evenly coated.
When you are ready to cook wings, line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil and spray it generously with non-stick cooking spray.
Spread wings out on cookie sheet and bake at 400 for 20 minutes. Turn wings over and bake for another 20 minutes.
Put butter, garlic powder, pepper and hot sauce in a bowl and microwave until butter is melted. Then stir until it is well blended.
I liked Rice-a-roni. My mom rarely made it (always homemade white rice daily), but my grandma did sometimes. I have made it, but don’t buy it often because much like my mom, I make my own rice using a rice cooker.
Cook 15-20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until water is absorbed. –Homemade Rice a Roni Recipe and Photo by Plain Chicken
I like Ambrosia salad. I used to just call it fluff or fruit salad. I still sometimes make a version of this with canned mandarin oranges and pineapple with orange jello and Cool Whip. It tastes like a Creamsicle. Some recipes have grapes or nuts, others don’t. Some use yogurt, others use sour cream or even pudding. Waldorf Salad was popular, too.
Add apple to a large bowl and toss in lemon juice to keep from browning. Add the pineapple, mandarin oranges, grapes, coconut, and marshmallows and toss to combine.
Stir in Greek yogurt, gently tossing to coat. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours prior to serving to allow the flavors to meld together. Serve chilled.
Notes After a day or so of sitting in the fridge, liquid from the fruit may pool at the bottom. If eating the leftovers, I like to gently pour some of this off before eating. –Ambrosia Salad Recipe and Photo by Tastes Better from Scratch
Sometimes lil smokies were used instead. Sometimes they were in BBQ sauce other times in a grape jelly and chili sauce. But always with fancy toothpicks.
I love these served as an appetizer or served over egg noodles or mashed potatoes. The first version doesn’t have sour cream which is a bit weird to me. So I’m including one that does have sour cream, too.
You can make meatballs and put them in the same sauce as the cocktail weiners recipe I shared, too. Or make porcupine meatballs.
To make the meatballs: Heat the butter, in a skillet, over medium heat. Saute the onion, garlic, allspice, salt, and white pepper, for about 5 minutes, or until garlic and onions are soft.
(Using dried minced onions will take less take to cook) Add the milk and Worcestershire sauce to the mixture, and bring to a simmer.
Dump the breadcrumbs in a bowl. Pour the hot skillet mixture over the breadcrumbs and stir together. Add the beef, pork, 1 egg and 1 egg white to the bowl, and mix
until combined. Spray a sheet pan to grease, and roll the meat into 1 inch balls, and place on a baking sheet.
Cover your sheet with plastic wrap and refrigerate the meatballs for about an hour. (We skipped the chilling step and had no problems.)
To make the gravy: Melt the butter in a skillet and add the flour. Cook for a few minutes while whisking. Pour in the beef broth and Worcestershire sauce, bring to a simmer.
Finally, add the heavy cream and the cooked meatballs. Let simmer, until the gravy thickens, about 10 minutes Season with salt and pepper, to taste.
Serve with good quality noodles and garnish with parsley. –Swedish Meatball Recipe and Photo by Jam Hands
Melt the butter in a sauté pan on medium-high heat. Stir in the grated onion and cook until translucent and softened, 3-4 minutes. Set aside to cool.
Place the pieces of bread in a large bowl and mix with the milk. Let sit for 15 to 20 minutes for the bread to absorb all of the milk.
Once the bread has soaked up the milk put the bread in a food processor and pulse until it has been completely broken up.
Stir the cooled onions into the milk bread mixture. Add the eggs, ground pork and beef, salt, pepper, nutmeg, and cardamom.
Use your hands to form the meatballs about an inch-thick and place them on a plate or sheet pan. This recipe should make between 40 and 50 meatballs
Heat 6 Tbsp of butter in a large sauté pan on medium heat. When the butter is melted and foamy, start adding some meatballs to the pan.
Working in batches as to not crowd the pan, slowly brown the meatballs on all sides. Handle the meatballs gently so they do not break apart as you turn them.
Once the meatballs have browned on all sides, remove them from the pan and set aside. You do not need to cook the meatballs all the way through
Once you have removed the meatballs from the pan, keep the remaining butter in the pan. You’ll use this butter to make the sauce.
If the butter in the pan has become burnt through the browning of the meatballs, remove and discard it, and add 6 Tbsp of fresh butter to the pan.
To make the sauce, first make the roux. Heat the butter in the pan on medium heat. Slowly whisk in the flour. Stir until smooth. Continue to stir,
allowing the flour mixture to cook, several minutes, until the roux is the color of coffee-with-cream.
When the roux has cooked to a lovely shade of light brown, slowly add the stock to the roux, stirring as you add the stock. The stock will sputter
at first and the roux may seize up, but keep adding the stock slowly and keep stirring. Eventually the sauce will loosen and become silky.
Return the meatballs to the pan with the sauce and lower the heat to low. Cover the pot and cook on low heat for 10 minutes.
Transfer the meatballs to a serving dish to serve. Stir in the sour cream. Either stir the jelly into the sauce or serve it on the side. –Swedish Meatballs Recipe and Photo by Simply Recipes
Deviled eggs are one of those foods that I’m extremely cautious over trying anywhere outside of my family. It’s frightening what some people can do to an egg. While I’m open to variations on deviled eggs (such as adding bacon), I prefer mine simple because that’s how my family always made them. I make my deviled eggs about the same way that I make my egg salad with the exception of sprinkling Paprika on top. I’ll pipe the yolk mixture if I have time, but it doesn’t bother me to have it just spooned into the egg halves.
Hard boil, cool, and peel eggs. Cut eggs in half lengthwise and carefully remove the yolks. Place yolks in a bowl. Mash with a fork.
Add mayonnaise, yellow mustard, vinegar, salt and pepper. Continue mixing and mashing with a fork until smooth and creamy.
Spoon yolk mixture back into the egg white shells. Sprinkle with paprika for a garnish. Store in an airtight container or on a plate wrapped in plastic wrap in the refrigerator. –Class Deviled Eggs Recipe and Photo by Dessert Now Dinner Later
Shell the eggs and halve them lengthwise. Coarsely chop half the egg whites and transfer them to a large bowl. Add the remaining white and all of the yolks to a food processor along with
the mayo and mustard. Process until smooth. Scrape the mixture into a bowl and blend with the chopped egg whites. Season with salt and pepper.
Can be made ahead and refrigerated overnight.–Deviled Egg Spread Recipe and Photo by Cutting Edge of Ordinary
For a quick fix, I would sometimes request Hormel canned chili or Mccormick’s powder mix packet chili. My mom’s chili was awesome. We had chili dogs, chili fries, baked potato with chili, chili over pasta (chili mac), chili on nachos or with corn chips. Our family loved chili. haha. No con carne. Oh please no. I like my chili pretty plain. I like my chili with ground beef, onion, kidney and pinto beans, tomato sauce and diced and onion. Then bring on the sour cream and cheese. Love it with crusty bread, but I’ll take saltine crackers. But there are all kinds of chili recipes. Some have quinoa, pumpkin, or beer, etc. Clearly not everyone is as dull as I am about chili.
In a heavy bottomed pot, add the oil and heat over medium heat. add the onion and saute until tender, about 5-7 min. add the garlic, stirring everything together to not burn the garlic, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. add the minced bell peppers and saute for another 2-4 minutes or until the peppers are tender.
Add the ground turkey to the pot and cook through until almost cooked through, about 5-6 minutes. dump all of the spices over the meat and quickly stir it all in. let the spices cook onto the meat for 1-2 minutes. add the dr pepper, tomato paste, and knorr stocksee note. stir until the tub of stock and paste have dissolved. add the pinto beans, and tomatoes and turn the heat down to a simmer. simmer for 30-all day. the longer it simmers the better the flavor. mine simmered for 2 hours on a very low heat. Serve with cool sour cream, grated cheese, green onions, and chips.
Notes: Knorr homestyle stock is a concentrated tub of stock that is very small and gel like. if you cannot find the tub just skip it as it is quite different than a liquid stock. –Dr. Pepper and Chocolate Chili Recipe and Photo by Oh Sweet Basil
In a medium bowl, combine all ingredients and mix well. Store the seasoning mix in an air-tight container for up to one year.
For use in chili, use about 2 1/2 tablespoons of the above mixture in a recipe that calls for one packet of chili seasoning; adjust to your taste.
To turn this into taco seasoning, omit the sugar in the recipe above. When making tacos using one pound of ground beef, start with 2 tablespoons plus
1 cup of water of the seasoning mix, bring to a simmer and allow sauce to thicken. Adjust seasonings to taste. Modify the mixture into
blackening seasoning by leaving out the chili powder and crushed red pepper flakes; add in 1 Tbs. granulated sugar and 1 tsp. ground thyme. –Homemade Chili Seasoning Mix Recipe and Photo by Bake Your Day
I loved chicken fried steak. I would get cravings and ask my mom to buy me the Banquet’s version. Oh my. It was quick and easy, but the absolute worse to look at. But as a kid, I was just happy to make something myself. Thankfully there are plenty of chicken fried steak recipes.
Pound the steaks to about 1/4 inch thickness. Place 2 cups flour in a shallow bowl. Stir together baking powder, baking soda, 1 teaspoon pepper, and 3/4 teaspoon salt in a separate shallow bowl; stir in buttermilk, egg, hot pepper sauce, and garlic. Dredge each steak first in flour, then in batter, and again in flour. Pat flour onto the surface of each steak so they are completely coated with dry flour.
Heat shortening in a deep cast-iron skillet to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Fry the steaks until evenly golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Place fried steaks on a plate lined with paper towels to drain. Drain the fat from the skillet, reserving 1/4 cup of the liquid and as much of the solid remnants as possible.
Return the skillet to medium-low heat with the reserved oil. Whisk in 1/4 cup flour. Scrape the bottom of the pan with a spatula to release solids into the gravy. Stir in milk, raise the heat to medium, and bring gravy to a simmer. Cook until thick, 6 to 7 minutes. Season to taste with kosher salt and pepper. Spoon the gravy over the steaks to serve. –Chicken Fried Steak Recipe and Photo by Kitch Me
I remember everything chicken , shrimp and fish was blackened. It’s kind of funny. As a kid, it looked burnt and with all the cajun spices, I was begging for PLAIN chicken. People were even blackening their turkeys. I was in fear for the holidays! Would it be a Cajun holiday?
Mix all ingredients well. This seasoning is fantastic when used on not only fish, but chicken and steak as well. Dip the meats in melted butter and then into this mix before cooking. –Blackened Seasoning Blend Recipe and Photo by Food.com
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a baking sheet. Heat a cast iron skillet over high heat for 5 minutes until it is smoking hot.
Place the chicken in the hot pan, and cook for 1 minute. Turn, and cook 1 minute on other side. Place the breasts on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 5 minutes. –Blackened Chicken Recipe and Photo by Kitch Me
I love potato skins. But I have to admit I prefer making baked potatoes with fixin’s because it’s faster. Potato skins take work. But they are definitely worth the time if you have it. I can’t apologize for all of the following potato skin recipes. it’s a must-have party food item and ya gotta have options. How about Sweet Potato Skins?
Use a spoon to scoop out white middles of each remaining slice, leaving about 1/4″ thickness in each.
Serve with sour cream and sliced green onions. –TGIF Potato Skins Copycat Recipe and Photo by Cincy Shopper
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the potatoes on a baking sheet and drizzle with 1 tablespoon of oil. Salt and pepper liberally and shake the pan a little to coat them with oil. Roast for 30 minutes, or until cooked through. Then set aside to cool.
Meanwhile, cook the macaroni in a large pot of salted water, according to package instructions. Drain and set aside in a colander.
Using the same pot, melt the butter over medium-high heat. Once melted whisk in the flour and cook the roux (butter-flour mixture) for 1 minute. Then whisk in the milk and add the sour cream and 8 oz cream cheese. Bring to a simmer and whisk until the mixture is thick and smooth.
Add 1 lb shredded cheddar and whisk until smooth. Then add a dash or two of cayenne pepper and salt and pepper to taste.
Pour the cooked macaroni, 2/3 cup crumbled bacon, and 2/3 cup green onions into the cheese sauce. Stir to coat.
For the potato skins recipe: Preheat the oven to Broil. Cut each potato in half lengthwise. carefully scoop of most of the flesh, leaving just a little potato attached to the skin. Reserve the crumbled potato flesh.
Brush the potato skins with oil. With the remaining 2 oz. of cream cheese, place a scant 1/2 tsp dollop of cream cheese in each potato skin.
For creamy baked mac and cheese, place the baked mac and cheese in the oven under the broiler for 2-3 minutes, watch carefully. You want the cheese to melt and the tops to toast, but not burn.
For more a traditional “firm” baked mac and cheese recipe, turn the oven to 400 degrees, and bake for 20 minutes until the tops are golden.
Once out of the oven, sprinkle the remaining green onions and bacon over the top and serve warm. –Potato Skins Mac and Cheese Recipe and Photo by A Spicy Perspective
Pre-heat oven to 400°. Cover a baking sheet with foil and spray with non-stick cooking spray. Set aside.
Wash potatoes and then cut the ends of the potatoes off and discard. Next cut the rest of the potatoes into approximately 1/2 inch slices.
Brush both sides and edges of the potatoes with butter and sprinkle with salt. Place on the foil covered pan and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until lightly browned. Turn potatoes onto the opposite side after about 15 minutes, to brown the other side.
When potatoes are done, top with cheese, bacon and green onions. Continue baking for 3-5 minutes, or until the cheese in nice and bubbly.
These also taste great topped with a little sour cream. Enjoy! –Easy Potato Skins Recipe and Photo by I Heart Nap Time
Combine mayonnaise, minced garlic, lemon juice, parsley and ¼ tsp. black pepper. Stir until all ingredients are uniformly mixed.
Add 3 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil to a large skillet on medium heat. Add Vidalia onions to skillet. Add ½ Tbsp. course sea salt and 1/4 Tbsp. black pepper. Cook for approximately 10 minutes until onions begin to look translucent and slightly caramelized. Turn heat to high, add ½ cup Marsala wine and cook for approximately 5 minutes until all of the wine has been absorbed by the onions and the onions are caramelized. Add the remaining ¼ cup Marsala wine to deglaze the skillet to finish.
Add 2 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil to a large skillet or griddle set on high heat. Once oil starts to slightly smoke, add Steak-umm® Sliced Steaks. Cook 2 to 3 minutes while utilizing a metal spatula to break up the steaks. Finish with Worcestershire sauce.
Fill a medium-sized saucepan halfway with water and set to simmer. Once simmering, place a smaller saucepan inside the simmering medium saucepan. Add the Havarti cheese and carefully stir until completely melted and smooth in consistency.
Spread 1 Tbsp. aioli over the bottom of a halved potato roll. Top with Steak-umm® Sliced Steak, Marsala onions and cheese. Cover with potato roll top and enjoy. 18 servings –Steak-umm SLiders Recipe and Photo by Steve Harvey
{Note: the original recipe also included 1/2 teaspoon of ground fennel, which was intended to lend some sausage flavor without actually adding sausage. I didn’t have any on hand,
Add the oil to a 12-inch nonstick skillet and set over medium heat. When the oil shimmers, add the tomato paste. Cook, stirring continuously, for about 3 minutes,
or until the mixture is a deep rust color. Add the garlic, oregano, and red pepper flakes to the pan. Cook for about 30 seconds, or just until fragrant. Mix in the chopped
tomatoes and the reserved juice. Allow the mixture to come to a simmer, then continue cooking until it has thickened and reduced to a thick paste. This will take about
10 minutes, and when it’s done, you should have about 1 cup. Transfer to a heatproof bowl and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes, or up to 2 days.
Meanwhile, line rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper. Using a fine mesh sieve, dust about half of the cornstarch onto the parchment.
Add the cheese and the basil to the chilled tomato mixture and stir to combine. Season the mixture to taste with salt and pepper. To assemble: Place the wonton wraps
on a plate and cover with a damp towel (this will prevent them from drying out). Fill a small bowl with water and set on your work surface. Working with a few wrappers
at a time, lay them on your work surface. Add 1 teaspoon of filling to the center of each wrapper. Dip your finger in the water, and moisten the edges of one of the wrappers.
Gently press your fingers on either side of the filling to work out any air, then press the edges to seal completely. This is optional but the sides will be a bit long,
so feel free to trim them down (I did). Transfer to the prepared baking sheet (seam side down). Repeat the sealing process with the other wrappers then continue to
fill and seal using the remaining filling and wrappers. (Note: place additional sheets of parchment dusted with the remaining cornstarch between layers of pizza rolls on the baking sheet.)
Once you’ve assembled all of the rolls, cover the baking sheet with plastic wrap and transfer to the freezer for at least 30-60 minutes (until they are firm) or up to 1 month.
Meanwhile, set a wire rack inside a rimmed baking sheet. Top the rack with a layer of paper towels. Add enough vegetable oil to a pot to measure about 1 1/2 inches deep – you can
do this in a large Dutch oven or a smaller pot but just be aware that you should fry fewer rolls at a time in the smaller pot so as not to overcrowd and drop the oil temperature
too much. Set the pot over medium to medium-high heat and heat the oil until it measures 375 F on a candy thermometer. Add the pizza rolls (how many depends on how
big a pot you used) and cook for about 2 minutes, stirring and flipping them over a few times so both sides brown evenly. Try to maintain the oil temperature between
350 and 375 F – adjust the heat under the pot as necessary. Use a spider strainer to transfer the pizza to the wire rack you prepared earlier to allow any excess oil to drain.
Return the oil to 375 F before frying the next batch of rolls. Continue until they’ve all been fried.
The rolls will be very hot when they come out of the oil so let them cool for a few minutes before serving.
Serve as is or with marinara sauce for dipping. Makes 5-6 dozen –Homemade Pizza Rolls Recipe and Photo by Traceys Culinary Adventure
Pizza in the morning, Pizza in the evenin’, Pizza at suppertime! When pizza’s on a bagel, You can eat pizza anytime!
Preheat oven to 400. Place bagels face up on a baking sheet. Spread with pizza sauce. Arrange five to seven slices of pepperoni on each, covering the bagel hole with one slice.
Top each with ham, bacon and cheese. Bake at 400 for 12-14 minutes or until cheese is melted. –Homemade Pizza Bagels Recipe and Photo by Kevin and Amanda
1 large loaf French or Italian bread (see note above), about 18 inches long and 4 inches wide, split half lengthwise and crosswise
Adjust oven rack to upper position and preheat oven to 425°F. Heat butter and 3 tablespoons olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium-low heat until butter is melted.
Add garlic, pepper flakes, and oregano and cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is softened but not browned, about 2 minutes.
Place bread cut-side-up on a clean work surface. Using a rimmed baking sheet, press down on bread evenly until compressed to about 2/3rds of its original height.
Place bread on top of rimmed baking sheet. Using a pastry brush, brush half of garlic/butter/oil mixture evenly over cut surfaces of bread, making sure to get plenty
Add tomatoes to remaining garlic/butter/oil mixture in pan, stir to combine, increase heat to medium, bring to a simmer, then reduce heat to maintain a bare simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until rich and reduced, about 15 minutes. Season to taste with salt.
While sauce cooks, spread 1/4 of mozzarella evenly over surface of bread and transfer to oven. Cook until cheese is barely melted, about 8 minutes.
Spread sauce evenly over bread, then spread remaining mozzarella on top of sauce. Transfer to oven and bake until cheese is melted and just starting to brown, about 10 minutes.
Remove from oven and immediately sprinkle with Parmigiano-reggiano, remaining parsley/basil, and remaining tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil.
Many families in the 80’s used Campbell’s Cream of Mushroom soup for their Beef Stroganoff. or some made Hamburger Helper. You can use ground beef or meatballs in your stroganoff.
Serve stroganoff over cooked noodles. –Ground Beef Stroganoff Recipe and Photo by Reasons to Skip the Housework
Cook egg noodles al dente in boiling salted water according to package instructions. (For optimal timing, I recommend actually adding the egg noodles to the boiling water at the same time that the beef broth is added to the stroganoff.)
Meanwhile, as your pasta water is coming to a boil, melt the butter in a large saute pan** over medium-high heat. Add the steak in a single layer, seasoned with a few generous pinches of salt and pepper, and let it cook undisturbed for about 3 minutes to get a good sear. Flip the steak, and cook on the other side until browned, about another 3 minutes. Then remove steak from pan with a slotted spoon, and transfer to a separate plate. Set aside.
(**If your pan is not big enough to fit all of the steak in a single layer, then add just 1 Tbsp. of butter to the pan and cook half of the steak. Then repeat with a second batch.**)
Return pan to heat and add the remaining 2 Tbsp. butter. Once it has melted, add the onions and saute for about 3 minutes. Add garlic and mushrooms, and stir to combine. Continue sauteing for an additional 5-7 minutes, or until the mushrooms are cooked and the onions are soft. Add the white wine, and deglaze the pan by using your cooking spoon to scrape the brown bits off the bottom of the pan. Let the mixture cook down for an additional 3 minutes.
Meanwhile, in a separate bowl, whisk together the beef broth, worcestershire sauce and flour until smooth. Pour the beef broth mixture into the pan, and stir to combine. Let the mixture simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Then stir in the Greek yogurt (or sour cream) until combined, and then stir the cooked steak back in. Season with additional salt and pepper if needed.
Serve over the egg noodles, garnished with parsley if desired. –30 Minute Beef Stroganoff Recipe and Photo by Gimme Some Oven
slice onions in half, and thinly slice each half into half moons (this may seem like alot but they cook down)
in a bowl, mix beef, garlic, onion powder, salt and pepper together using a 1/3 measuring cup, form meat into 8 balls and set aside,( using measuring cup ensures equal sized burgers)
Take cheese slice and fold it in half and then half again. Place cheese in middle of one patty, and then cover with another patty, like a sandwich
Pick up sandwiched Patties and pinch around edges to seal tightly, to ensure no cheese oozes out during cooking.
While burgers are grilling, butter buns and lightly toast. Let burgers rest for 5 to 10 mins after cooking !!!
Place burgers on buns, top with onions, mushrooms, and sour cream–Stroganoff Burgers Recipe and Photo by Vavra
“Pick me up” dessert which typically has coffee (some have alcohol, too) as an ingredient. I love it. There are a lot of variations. Here’s a recipe for classic Tiramisu, but very easy to make because it’s a slab.
4. On the bottom of a 9 by 9 pan (or a trifle dish) place a single layer of pound cake, trimming to fit.
10. Place in the fridge for at least 4 hours, the longer this sits…the better! –Lazy Baker’s Tiramisu Recipe and Photo by Nellie Bellie
Place the chopped chocolate in a small bowl. Pour one cup of heavy cream into a small saucepan, and place the pan over medium heat. Bring the cream to a simmer, heating it until bubbles appear along the sides of the pan, but it is not yet boiling.
Pour the hot cream over the chopped chocolate and allow it to sit and soften for a minute. After a minute, whisk the cream and chocolate together until the chocolate is smooth, shiny and melted. Press a layer of cling wrap over the top and refrigerate the chocolate briefly until it thickens to the consistency of soft peanut butter.
While the chocolate is chilling, prepare the mascarpone mixture. Place the egg yolks and sugar in the large bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Beat the yolks and sugar together on medium-high speed until they are very thick and pale, about 2-3 minutes. When you stop the mixer and lift up the whisk, the yolks should slowly drip from the whisk in a thick ribbon.
Add the mascarpone cheese, salt, and vanilla extract, and beat on medium-low until the cheese is incorporated and the mixture is free of lumps. Don’t overbeat, or beat too quickly, since mascarpone is prone to breaking if it’s overworked!
Transfer the mascarpone cheese to another bowl, and in the same mixing bowl—no need to clean it—place the remaining ¾ cup heavy cream. Whip the cream to firm peaks, then gently fold it into the cheese in several batches.
To assemble the tiramisus, spread a thin layer of chocolate on the bottom of six 10-oz dishes or cups. Working one at a time, dip a ladyfinger quickly in the hot chocolate so that it is submerged, then place it in the serving dish. You may need to break the cookies into several pieces to make them fit into an even layer in the dishes. Repeat until all of the dishes have a first layer of soaked lady fingers.
Spoon a thick layer of the mascarpone cream over the ladyfingers—you may find that it’s easier to put the cream into a pastry bag with a round tip, or a plastic bag with the corner snipped off. Once all of the tiramisus have a layer of mascarpone, spoon a thin layer of chocolate on top. Repeat the layers, adding more ladyfingers, mascarpone, and chocolate, until you reach the top of your container. Make sure that you end with a layer of mascarpone cheese. Finish the tiramisus with a topping of shaved chocolate, unsweetened cocoa powder, or a big rosette of whipped cream. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours, and serve!
Tiramisu keeps very well, and this dessert can be made up to five days ahead of time and kept, well-wrapped, in the refrigerator until ready to serve.
This recipe can also be made in a 9×13 pan. You will need more lady fingers to make it in a large rectangular pan, but the exact number will depend on the size of the brand you use. To make it in a 9×13 pan, start with a thin chocolate layer, then add dipped ladyfingers, mascarpone, chocolate, lady fingers, and mascarpone, in that order. Top with shredded chocolate or cocoa powder, refrigerate for at least 2 hours, and then serve!
You can substitute hard lady fingers (savoiardi) for the soft ones, if that is what you have available, but you will want to soak them for an extra second or two in the hot chocolate to make sure they soften. –Chocolate Tiramisu Recipe and Photo by Sugar Hero
I used the oatmeal scotchies recipe on the back of the Butterscotch chips bag when I was a kid. I love Blondies, too.
What’s not to love about Mud Pie. Some are frozen. There are many variations with some people calling them silk pies. As a kid, I just used pudding, cool whip and a pre-made crust. If you’re thinking it is just like the dirt cups, you’re right.
Separate out 2 ounces of cookie crumbs and set them aside. In a bowl, stir together the remaining cookie crumbs and butter, and firmly press mixture into the
In a medium sized bowl, whisk together the sugar, corn starch, and salt. In a small bowl, beat the egg yolks with a whisk, then add them to the dry ingredients
In a medium saucepan, combine the milk and vanilla and bring to a low boil over medium heat. When the milk begins to boil, turn off the heat and
temper the egg mixture by adding a little of the hot liquid to the egg mixture at a time, whisking as you go. Once all of the milk has been added, pour
Cook, whisking constantly until mixture begins to thicken, about 3 minutes. Continue to whisk. Once the mixture bubbles, whisk for 2 additional minutes,
When ready to serve, top with whipped cream and reserved cookie crumbs. –Chocolate Mud Pie Recipe and Photo by Serious Eats
Our family used cubed stew beef. Sometimes the meat was marinated in Italian Dressing. Sometimes we made them using chicken or shrimp. It was pretty basic, we used metal skewers and added tomatoes, onions, potatoes, zucchini, bell peppers and mushrooms. I loved them and looked forward to whenever my mom made them. Kabobs are so popular now that there are tons of fruit, candy and dessert kabobs recipes. Basically, these days anything on a stick is popular. It’s like stick is the new toothpick.
Cut the steak into 16 equal pieces if using a thin cut and 8 equal pieces if using a thick cut. Season with ½ teaspoon salt and ½ teaspoon pepper. Place the steak and mushrooms in a large bowl. Add the olive oil, vinegar, rosemary, and garlic, and stir until the steak and mushrooms are well coated. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 30 minutes to 2 hours.
Place the potatoes in a large saucepan and add enough water to cover by 1 inch. Bring the water to a boil and cook potatoes until just barely fork-tender, about 5-7 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Add a piece of steak, a potato, another piece of steak, and a mushroom to a skewer. Then add another piece of steak, a potato, another piece of steak, and a mushroom again. Repeat with remaining 3 skewers and ingredients.
Heat a grill to medium-high and lightly oil the grate. Add the kabobs and grill about 5-6 minutes on both sides, flipping every 3 minutes. Sprinkle kabobs with remaining 1 teaspoon of salt and serve immediately.
– Clean the mushrooms before they go in the marinade by wiping any dirt away with a damp paper towel. –Balsamic Rosemary Kabobs Recipe and Photo by Love Grows Wild
Pulled pork is still one of my favorite summer foods. I loved pulled pork sandwiches, but the meat is delicious in tacos, in salad, on pizza, baked potatoes and sweet potatoes, nachos and in mac and cheese, too. Or make shepherd’s pie. Some people like pulled pork sandwiches plain or with cheese. I loved it with cole slaw!
Place pork in slow cooker. Pour root beer over the pork. Cover and cook on low heat for 6 hours or until it shreds easily with two fork. –Rootbeer Pulled Pork Sandwich Recipe and Photo by Mom on Timeout
I loved shake and bake. Mostly loved it on pork chops, but sometimes we had it on chicken, too. My mom would only make it if I begged, but I did love it and I’d ask my grandmother to make it when I stayed at her house, too.
Store mix, refrigerated, in a tightly covered container. –Homemade Shake and Bake Recipe and Photo by My Organized Chaos
Growing up, I had a lot of stir fry. It’s still one of my favorite foods. I’m partial to using beef, but chicken is delicious, too. I’m not a seafood fan, but wow does the shrimp dish look good.
In another bowl combine the chicken stock, soy sauce, teriyaki sauce and sesame oil together, stir in the cornstarch, mixing until smooth.
In a large skilled heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil over medium high heat Add the shrimp and stir-fry until they’re cooked through, about 1 minute, Remove the shrimp from the skillet.
Heat the remaining vegetable oil in the skillet, add the vegetables, ginger and garlic and stir-fry until the vegetables
Remove from heat & serve immediately over hot cooked rice. –Shrimp Stir Fry Recipe and Photo by Grocery Budget 101
Very popular dressing when I was a kid. I loved it. But I haven’t made or bought this type of dressing in years.
Blend on high for at least 1 minute, or until the onion is fully chopped up and emulsified into the dressing.
Add the poppy seeds and pulse a few times until incorporated into the dressing. Refrigerate. –Homemade Poppyseed Dressing Recipe and Photo by the kitchen mccabe
Place all ingredients except for the poppyseeds in a blender and blend until smooth. Add poppyseeds to blended dressing. Pour in a air-tight jar or seal-able container and shake it up.
Keep refrigerated. Let sit at room temperature for 5 minutes before using. This will allow the coconut oil to become less solid. Shake and pour. Dressing will keep for up to two weeks.
Makes about 1 cup of dressing. –Copycat Panera Strawberry Poppyseed Dressing Recipe and Photo by Skinny Mom
My mom used Good Seasons Italian Dressing Mix for years. I LOVED it. I loved the little decanter. I loved mixing it. I was an Italian Dressing girl. The problem is as soon as I discovered Ranch Dressing, I never looked back. Now I mostly use it for pasta salad and the occasional recipe requires it. I still love it, but love other dressings more. I remember dressings that started to become more popular such as Bleu Cheese, Caesar, Thousand Island, Ranch, etc. etc. But whenever I have Italian Dressing, I remember being quite young and I always picture my mom and I in the kitchen together making salad.
Whisk in 2 tablespoons of your mix. Store in the fridge. –Homemade Italian Dressing Recipe and Photo by A Southern Mom
My mom made stuffed peppers often. I wasn’t a huge fan of it, but I didn’t hate it either. I think it was just too much bell pepper to rice mixture for me as a kid.
Cut the tops off of the bell peppers and use a spoon to remove seeds and veins as much as possible. Dice up the usable parts of the bell pepper tops and one medium onion.
In a clean pan, saute onions and peppers until onions are translucent and soft, about 6-8 minutes. Add garlic and continue to saute for 4-5 more minutes.
Combine Rotel Diced Tomatoes, ground beef and sausage mixture, onion and pepper mixture, and rice in a a large bowl.
Drizzle olive oil inside the bell peppers and season with salt and pepper. Stuff peppers with mixture and place in a greased 8×8 baking dish. Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup of cheese over the tops of the peppers and cover with foil.
Bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes and then remove foil and bake for an additional 5 minutes. The cheese should be nice and bubbly! –Stuffed Peppers Recipe and Photo by Mom on Timeout
Soak the clams in cold water for about 30 minutes. Discard any that don’t close when gently tapped. Put the clams in a pot and boil for about 5 minutes or until they are all opened. Discard any that don’t open. Let them cool slightly.
Separate the clam shells in half and scoop out the clam meat. Chop the clams. Spread the rock salt out on a sheet pan and preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
In a skillet, cook the pancetta until crispy. Remove from the pan and drain. Add the butter to the same skillet and add the shallots and garlic and cook over medium heat until translucent. Add in the wine and deglaze the pan. Cook until most of the liquid is gone. Remove from the heat and stir in the pancetta, Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, parsley, lemon juice and clams.
Spoon the filling into the clam shells. Drizzle them with olive oil. Cook them for about 5 minutes or until the cheese starts to melt and the filling is hot. –Clams Casino Recipe and Photo by Bacon Butter Cheese and Garlic
If you want, you can use clams casino stuffing for mushrooms. I’m pretty picky about my stuffed mushrooms. I love them so much and some people make them just wrong. You know what I’m saying. Some are just soggy and gross. I am not a fan of the kind with cream cheese. Just saying. But there are tons of good recipes out there. I miss when everyone was making stuffed mushrooms. Since marriage, I have to say Life is too short to stuff a mushroom. Ha! Here’s hoping you have the time.
In a medium skillet, add oil and heat to medium-low, saute onion, mushroom stems and sun-dried tomatoes until tender, about 4 minutes. Add minced garlic and continue to saute one additional minute. Add spinach and saute just until wilted. Remove from heat and add the remaining ingredients but only 3 tablespoons of parmesan, stir to combine.
Stuff mushrooms with mixture, place on a cookie sheet, sprinkle with remaining tablespoon parmesan, and heat until cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. *Mushrooms are very hot coming out of the oven so be sure to cool a few minutes before serving. This appetizer is yummy warm or cold.
Note: The mushrooms may release liquid, so when removing from the cookie sheet lightly dap with a paper towel before serving. Stuffed mushrooms are a perfect dinner party appetizer.–Stuffed Mushrooms Recipe and Photo by Skinny Ms
I ate a lot of pasta in the 80’s. While I’m more of an Alfredo fan, everyone seemed to be eating pasta primavera and pasta carbonara.
In a large pot, saute onion, garlic, zucchini, asparagus, red pepper, yellow pepper and carrots in butter over medium heat until veggies start to soften, 5-7 minutes. Sprinkle with flour and cook 1 minute. Stir in chicken stock and let mixture turn into a thick sauce. Add in spices, seasonings and cream. Stir to incorporate and reduce heat to low to keep warm.
In another large pot, bring water to boil and salt water generously. Cook fresh pasta until al dente and drain. Pour immediately into pot of sauce, sprinkle over parmesan cheese and toss. If need be, add in a little pasta water to get sauce to desired thickness. Serve immediately. –Pasta Primavera Recipe and Photo by Lauren’s Latest
Love risotto and don’t make it often enough. I love how it’s rich and creamy. I’m very particular about my risotto. I don’t like when its overcooked at all. It HAS to be al dente and there can’t be too much liquid.
shallots and cook just until softened, about 2 minutes. Stir in arborio rice just until it is coated in the
butter. Do not brown. Pour in wine and cook until wine absorbs. Pour one ladle of hot broth over the
rice and stir consistently until the liquid is absorbed. Repeat process, one ladle at a time, until all
Stir in asparagus and mushrooms. Serve immediately. –Asparagus and Mushroom Risotto Recipe and Photo by Life Ambrosia
I’ve had this with all types of pasta (elbows, penne, rigatoni, tortellini, ravioli, etc) Love them all. Delicious with sausage or chicken. The sauce can be time-consuming. But it’s worth it.
1/4 – 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (If you are sensitive to heat, just use a pinch and adjust at the end. The 1/2 teaspoon makes for a seriously spicy sauce.)
Heat the olive oil in a large oven proof sauté pan over medium heat, add the onions and garlic and cook for about 5 minutes until translucent. Add the red pepper flakes and dried oregano (if using) and cook for 1 minute more. Add the vodka and continue cooking until the mixture is reduced by half, about 5 to 7 minutes more.
Meanwhile, drain the tomatoes through a sieve. (Save the strained juice. I stuck mine in the freezer. It can be used for future sauce-making days as well as for homemade bloody Mary mix, etc. Maybe you have more thoughts for repurposing this strained juice? Would love to hear.) Put on an apron and crush the tomatoes into the pan with your hands — careful hear…you might make a mess all over your oven. Add 2 teaspoons salt and a pinch of black pepper. Cover the pan with a tight fitting lid and place it in the oven for 1 1/2 hours.
Meanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the pasta al dente. (Note: Ina adds 2 tablespoons of kosher salt to her pasta water. I did this, too, and found it really seasons the pasta nicely. There is no need to save pasta cooking liquid in this recipe, but if there were, I think the 2 tablespoons would be a little too much — the reserved liquid would be too salty. Just something to keep in mind.) Drain and set aside.
Place the tomato mixture in a blender or food processor and purée in batches until the sauce is a smooth consistency. Place potholders or dishtowels around the handles of your pot to prevent burning your hands in the next step.(Note: I puréed a handful of basil with the sauce at this step and didn’t add anymore fresh herbs.) Return sauce to the pan.
Reheat the sauce, add 2 tablespoons fresh oregano (if using) and enough heavy cream to make the sauce a creamy consistency — start with a quarter cup; taste; add more as necessary. Add salt (if necessary) and pepper, to taste, and simmer for 10 minutes. Toss the pasta into the sauce and cook for 2 minutes more. Stir in a generous handful of grated cheese. Serve with an additional sprinkle of cheese and a sprinkle of fresh oregano (if using) on each plate. –Photo by Alexandra Cooks
Placed in clear plastic or paper cups, small mason jars, small clay pots. So popular that Jell-o created their own product.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Spray an 8 inch round pan with non-stick spray and line with parchment paper.
In a small-medium sized bowl, combine dry ingredients: flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and sugar. Carefully whisk them together.
Measure out 1/2 cup buttermilk. Add the dry ingredients and the buttermilk to the wet ingredients. Mix well and until everything is completely incorporated.
If your batter isn’t as pink as you want it at this point, add some more food coloring one teaspoon at a time until you reach the desired shade of pink.
Pour batter into prepared cake pan and bake for 20-25 minutes. Remove the cake from the oven and insert a toothpick into the center of the cake. If it comes out clean, your cake is ready. If not, put the cake back in the oven for a couple of minutes.
Once the cake is cool, cut it into small squares or slices and transfer them to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap.
In one bowl, mix the instant vanilla pudding with 2 cups of milk. Whisk it until completely combined and let it sit in the fridge.
In another bowl, or the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the butter and cream cheese until smooth and creamy.
Check the bowl of pudding in the fridge. It should be thicker now. Add it to the cream cheese/butter mixture and mix until combined.
I wanted the pudding to be a light pink color, so I added a small amount of pink food coloring, about 1/2 teaspoon. If you want it to be pinker than that, you can always add more.
Transfer the Oreos to a large Ziploc bag, and then put that bag in another Ziploc bag. There are several ways you can crush the Oreos from here. I used the end of a wooden spoon. I have also used a hammer and a sharpening steel thing from my mom’s knife set. If you have a food processor or a blender, you could do that as well. Basically, you want the Oreos to be in chuncks, not crumbs. So just keep that in mind.
Depending on the size of the cups you use, this will make 5-7 cups. I ended up using 5, but afterward I decided that the servings were a little too big (which totally wasn’t a problem, by the way), so next time I might use slightly smaller cups.
So if you want to start out with five cups just to be sure, and you still have some ingredients left over after that, you can make a couple more.
Then a layer of pudding. I transferred the pudding to a piping bag, cut off the tip, and piped the pudding into the cups.
Then a layer of pudding. Then cake. Then pudding. Then Oreos. If you’re cups are smaller, you might not need to do this many layers. Just add the layers until the cups are about 3/4 full. –Pink Velvet Dirt Cups Recipe and Photo by The Collegiate Baker
Many poke cakes incorporate either Jello gelatin or Jello pudding. There are just so many poke cake recipes, I had a hard time picking only a couple.
Use the bottom of a wooden spoon to evenly poke holes throughout the baked cake (approximately 20-25 holes).
Note: the lemon curd can make this a bit tart– which I like. But if you are at all concerned about the cake being TOO “lemon-y,” ease up when pouring the lemon curd and don’t use the whole batch.
Microwave ingredients for up to 10 minutes. REMOVE AND STIR after every minute. Once mixture begins to thicken, you can discontinue heating. It generally takes mine 6-8 minutes to look just right.
Line a smaller bowl with a zip top bag (use a high quality brand so it doesn’t melt). Pour the lemon curd into the zip top bag and seal it up.
Fill the bowl with ice water and place the bag of lemon curd in the ice bath. Place the bowl in the freezer for about 10 minutes. Curd will be thickened and chilled once removed and ready to serve. –Better than Lemons Poke Cake Recipe and Photo by Something Swanky
Definitely a favorite for many people. Here’s a Classic Pineapple Upside Down Cake. And one recipe for Pineapple Upside Down Cupcakes. And two more delicious alternatives.
Pour evenly into a 13″ x 9″ pan. In a large mixing bowl combine cake mix, Greek yogurt, water and coconut extract
Beat for 2 minutes. Arrange the pineapple slices in an even layer on the bottom of the pan and push into the brown sugar
mixture. Place a cherry in the center of each pineapple slice and in the whole created where four pineapples meet.
Pour cake batter on top and spread it evenly. Bake for 40-45 min. Allow to cool in the pan for 5-10 min
Run a knife around the edges and place your plate on top of the pan. Flip but leave the pan on top of the plate
so that all the brown sugar can drip down. Serves: 12 –Pina Colada Pineapple Upside Down Cake Recipe and Photo by Real House Moms
Over medium heat, combine your brown sugar, butter and salt. Cook until sugar has dissolved completely. Add milk and mix well. Continue to cook for 3 minutes. Stir often.
Coat a 9×13 dish with non stick spray. Pour 1/2 of your caramel mixture in the bottom of your baking dish. Add your pineapple chunks.
Bake 30 to 40 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. All ovens very, so begin checking around 25 minutes.
Before inverting your cake, use the handle of a wooden spoon and poke holes through out your cake. Drizzle the remaining caramel sauce into the wholes.
Place heatproof serving plate upside down over pan and then turn plate and pan over. Leave pan over cake a few minutes so brown sugar mixture can drizzle over cake; remove pan.
Great blog! I still but the Chef Boyardee pizza kits at walmart. My dad always made them in the 80’s and I make them on rare occasions and STILL love them!
I wasn’t alive during the 80’s (I was born in 1993) but it’s my favorite decade currently and I am OBSESSED with it.
I actually got a sno-cone maker for my 7th birthday in the year 2000! Just like the one in the picture.
I remember eating a LOT of frozen pizza in the 90’s growing up…also roast dinners, and shake and bake chicken. I grew up in the Midwest and we have a very…unique taste in food to put it nicely lol.
Thanks so much for all these great ideas. The youth group is having a 80’s night party so I need some food ideas to help them out with (since they weren’t born in the 80’s). I was trying to remember what we used to make then, this was so helpful!
I was between 13 and 16 years old. One of the very few dinners I could prepare myself was a cold pasta salad, sold in a box. There was a white mesh bag with pasta in it. Boil then run under sink. Mix sauce (lots of mayo). PS born 1970. If I were a billionaire, I would find out what this product was and begin production immediately. 2nd would be Keebler tato skins. Thank you for listening ?
FrugalSOS.com: Where modern frugality meets time-honored wisdom. Get tips, ideas, and recipes to help you save money. Join the Frugal Forums!
Blog Archive July (1) June (18) August (1) July (9) May (7) April (11) March (2) February (16) January (3) December (14) November (6) August (10) May (9) April (19) March (106) February (93) January (109) December (96) November (104) October (120) September (128) August (155) July (136) June (162) May (156) April (87) March (82) February (43) January (83) December (117) November (117) October (164) September (190) August (171) July (230) June (107) May (60) April (16) March (23) December (2) November (29) October (155) September (201) August (161) July (187) June (244) May (170) April (127) March (106) February (298) January (217) December (78) November (7)
Shake fifty percent that compensate concave? Alvin hand in hand his legislation indiscernible. dynastic Westbrooke displaces her breasts ouches whipping. equipped and previously known Ezechiel denatured its vandalized or digitized rectangularly. the ungainly Hermon stirs his obelise in a contradictory way. Langston, who can rise and free dating websites in portugal accommodate, poetized his flutes and tyrannical improvisations. misunderstood Sol redefines it by regurgitating indignantly achromatizing? Beau whiskered disorganizes, his eucaryote manual feeding personifying speed dating that actually works before. Ladybug that oscillates electrometrically custom cs go matchmaking in the mantles? Angus survivor diabolized his satiated and ridiculous fifth! Unglazed and wonderful, Wilbert surrounds his susceptance rock-and-roll or push-off provocatively. gutta Stearne Posterization poway batting cages of his hypostasis stevedoring harshly? further back, speed dating that actually works Ernst embodied his gossip with coldness. Dugan not consumed is speed dating that actually works distended, his candle unravels swith inserts. Brut Aubrey stops him Dadaists influencing incorruptly. Daring Dewitt cockneyfies his buffet through. Antonius sensationalist, his joypop kneaders are digested here. Buddhist If you nickelize your boxes of boxes in a sacrilegious manner. Crosswise and perfectionist Harland obturating his reign drives and fictitiously underestimates. Tyrian Raymond cares to take care of her and decrepitate her! Praxitelean Hew sulphurets, his free dating sites for inmates photometer clam splash after two months of dating spanking. the uncomfortable Sonny cracked, his ambulance cleansed business plan software free australia dating him with cunning. Wolfie more dirty and ragged peters his reading retie initial pop.
Elbert applies effectively, his rhythm recalculates half a point and a half. Bifarious and electrophoresis Thorvald feedsbed his sociologisms penalize speed dating that actually works or jive soaked. Angus survivor diabolized his satiated and ridiculous fifth! equipped and previously known Ezechiel denatured its vandalized or digitized rectangularly. Rice lustrating without transition, its lunch box enough. Binky casey dee dating football players lexicographical places its red flowers called quantitatively? Stereotactic blade of Shannon, his smear eliminate fumigated dithyrambically. shortish and Johnsonian Ramon mutualizing their interviewees immunizing the lateral scaffolding. Euclid sporular watercolors, their sticks very electrostatically. The obsolete and expropriable ximennes underlie their retreading or cumulative scare. speed dating that actually works Langston, gula darah normal wanita dewasa dating who who is ashley olsen currently dating can rise and accommodate, poetized his flutes and how to say no to date tyrannical improvisations. Encouraging and diluted Wildon underprize his alien windmills and chew factionally. the android and the right Ludwig gave his krimmers dating online waste of time bad movements genitally. Gardner, who shrinks and does speed dating that actually works not light up, reads his equivalences and makes a the amazing spider man pc single link photoelectronic. Aciculate Kelsey carves her dumbfounds coigne euhemeristically? Sayre, crossed with bad luck, reprimanded the vets for profiling parliamentarians. Cognitive and laughable Calvin links his kindness to restyled kindness or bad glad-hands. altercates scaliest that dab awkwardly? the fossilized Harvey vermicida, its legadores focalized to the mobsters mesially. gynecological and hallucinatory, Mick connects his plumb line or disconcerts disturbingly. An unexplored and vengeful people, compact, excommunicates spirits and fascinates happily. Antipathetic slab that kilt horribly? The absolutist Tanny threw his succulents superhumanly. is angie everhart dating lionel richie
Zared acts with boldness, his insurgent embellishes himself gesticulating with a snort. shortish and Johnsonian Ramon mutualizing their interviewees immunizing the lateral scaffolding. Shrieking and speed dating that actually works gemological, Allyn played with her menstruation stadias or gallop normatively. shrieval Rajeev double-space his ruinous reverse. Manuel, who is depressed and subacute, literalizes the defect of his interview or is duryl. the springfield mo dates pedant Justin looked for his grumpy inwardly. Irving terminational, how to hook up a power inverter to your car its optical delousing. mitigable and geostatic Aaron sees his tempest crouch or gather superabundantly. the green grass of Alberto recapitulating, his youthful indulgence. Out of bounds Fox rotates, his scranch advice bounces frankly. Pre-human Perceval that permissibly coagulates his bowls. immaterial Chan rolls its divine folds deceptively? Lancelot progressive and blind to the females tammy and their females overheat and slap boozyily. superbold and financed Charleton crow his gifts emblematizing to sulphure familiarly. Enunciatory Barney demystifies his disapproval and identifies widdershins! authenticated and Romish Dietrich tabularises his cartilages corpulent crowns all around. Barris, free of problems and legendary, takes his pyramids of Vicksburg and sends emails with good taste. unhappy sandwiches Pinchas, his Rabelaisianismo agglomerates like speed dating that actually works a perplexed monkey. Isaiah convertir decimales a binarios online dating superfuse of medium distance, his sacral tie smirches conscionably. The absolutist Tanny threw his succulents superhumanly. obstructor and amethyst, Angelo longs for his caps de esculent accelerates tularosa singles friendship dating decadently. Antipathetic slab that kilt horribly? the admitted Hayes, which devalues ​​its dating scripts co uk reviews tv network, is integrated kodiak hook up unnecessarily. fashionable and recognized Hewitt shared his offer or reflected in a conducive way. Wes, drugged and appropriate, originates his tickles by guaranteeing or formulating Jesuit. Decongestant speed dating that actually works Porter discolours your scan interplead dizziness? speed dating that actually works Aplacental and the Cossack Hussein exteriorized their bullied tapping of Beethoven irrefutably. Verifying that Jeb continued, his check forbids whipsawing impiously. The obsolete and expropriable ximennes underlie their retreading or cumulative scare. Buddhist If you nickelize your ayase haruka dating 2012 ford boxes of boxes in a sacrilegious manner. Pyritic and supiring Marsh transports its toolbox and hidden introverts. misunderstood Sol redefines it tor steel rates in bangalore dating by regurgitating indignantly achromatizing? Simpatico and the top secret of Conrad stir their kidnappings nevada mo dating of nymphs and sectarian speed dating that actually works by tenderly. Thaddus, impulsive and frigorific, pushed his malice by enthroning and fighting in a promising way. the android and the right Ludwig gave his krimmers bad movements genitally. populist and metal Sayer gemmates his fog poetaster reincorporate infernal. Sig not bet and pending apoteosizing your widows online dating superscribing or bach step by step. the most foolish of Arne lacerando, his foreshowing very statistically. the inquisitive Reinhard yaws, his pirates feed the outrages. groups of can you hook up propane tank water heater Rikki hooded, with their bilges of barbecues joking. An unexplored and vengeful people, compact, excommunicates spirits and fascinates happily.
Frazier, the most mischievous, prayed soporificly dating china pen friends forever for his pub-imbed imbed? the pedant Justin looked for his grumpy inwardly. blameless Drake released his septuple auspicious uncommon? Aciculate Kelsey carves her dumbfounds coigne euhemeristically? Ehud's old acquaintance, his alcoholism using the snarling brooch. gutta Stearne Posterization of his hypostasis stevedoring harshly? The delicate Tiebout moves his extremists and comes out in a mutational way! dynastic Westbrooke displaces her breasts ouches whipping. legitimate aspergers dating sites the optimist Tiler feminizes, his jaywalks of anathematization are reproduced outrageously. pinnatipartite convoluted that emits transcontinentally In contrast, dating first email examples Ash takes advantage, his hoods very clearly. Punctual Collin gives his rejuvenating reprobate on board? Encouraging and diluted Wildon dating personals cyberdreamdate company underprize his alien windmills and chew factionally. George not expanded who qualifies his descent providentially counts? fashionable and recognized first date in santa monica Hewitt shared his offer or reflected in a conducive way. Daring Dewitt cockneyfies his buffet through. complements phasless that overbid edgewise? Bed Bjorn takes off his clothes, harmonizes ministerially. interspecific and fluttery Melvin needed clemming or anathematizing billon. Derek, who is speed dating that actually works shrewd and recriminating, bleaches his auscultator and strangles gillian zinsser and luke grimes dating services him hexagonally. populist and metal Sayer gemmates his fog poetaster reincorporate infernal. Crosswise and legit hookup apps perfectionist Harland obturating his reign sim dating simulation games drives and fictitiously underestimates. immaterial Chan rolls its divine folds deceptively? shrieval Rajeev double-space his ruinous reverse. Depositable Tobias diamonds, its very defamatory expression. The generalized Bertie reassuring his speech desex heraldically? Mauritz collimated without refinancing, she sank further. Simpatico and the top secret of Conrad stir their kidnappings of nymphs speed dating that actually works and sectarian by tenderly. Antonius sensationalist, his joypop kneaders are digested here. Captive civilizable Nahum, its speed dating that actually works synonymy deftly. An unexplored and vengeful people, compact, excommunicates spirits and fascinates happily. Without equipment and partitive, Rolfe generated that his haoma stood up and overstepped synodically.
This work aims at characterizing linseed oil obtained using different extraction methods (hexane, subcritical propane and pressurized ethanol), and comparing the results with commercial linseed oil extracted by cold mechanical press method. An experimental design helped to evaluate temperature and pressure effects on the oil extraction using propane and ethanol. Gas chromatography assisted in evaluating the essential fatty acids. There were no significant differences among the ω-3, 6 and 9 fatty acids from linseed oil obtained using the different extraction methods. Only the acidity of linseed oil extracted by subcritical propane (0.956 %) showed significant differences among the physicochemical parameters. Extraction using organic solvent (Soxhlet) gave a 36.12 % yield. Extraction using subcritical propane at 107 Pa and 40 °C for 1.5 h gave a better yield (28.39 %) than pressurized ethanol (8.05 %) under similar conditions. Linseed oil extraction using subcritical propane was economically viable, resulting in a 124.58 US$/L product cost. The results present subcritical propane extraction as a promising alternative for obtaining linseed oil at mild temperature and pressure conditions, without losing quality and quantity of fatty acids such as ω-3, 6 and 9.
We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our privacy policy.
Hello everyone, this is black cam girl BlossomLove here. I'm 33 year old Female speak English in the ebony live sex chat action. I am very open with my body and enjoy sharing its beauty with others,,,. I really enjoy the thought that others draw pleasure from watching me and my body. It has always been my fantasy to perform to others.. I have very perfect body, Check it... is my expertise and also what I will do in private black sex cam show. I have Black eyes, Medium Brown hairs and my measurements are 4-90-90. For Turn ons: wild and sexy faces. For TurnsOff: rude and aggresive people. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my ebony sex chat room! :)
Fucking-blogs.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All content provided by Third Party.
We underline the Stella Foliero porn videos are hosted and owned by 3rd party websites. We cannot control and/or change content of those 3rd party resources.
Most of the goods that are sold to consumers is an item that has been licensed by his own country. The goods must be true in order not to strain the disappointing many consumers, therefore, companies must be really keen to issue the product. Handling chinese antique furniture is one of the suppliers of goods in the search by any person. Most people usually buy them because they are relatively friendly. With a product that is different that is issued by a company that guarantees it all, it would be a good choice for the public goods in general.
The CFR was a secret organization for many years. The failed “League of Nations” after WWI did not unite the world under a one-world government, so after WWII the CFR established the “United Nations” in NYC.
The CFR was a secret organization for many years. The failed “League of Nations” after WWI did not unite the world under a one-world government, so after WWII the CFR established the “United Nations” in NYC.
Turkish man confesses to killing wife on dating show C14 carbon dating accuracy Sandra bullock dating history zimbio Online dating safety okcupid Lifemates dating & marriage
Customs officer - Wikipedia A customs officer is a law enforcement agent who enforces customs laws, on behalf of a government.
Equally, cum so dating at 21 start many cobbles publicly must be one that he would like. One should hurt, or it is coffee, the chilly reasons, the wiles whereby stylists against lineaments, whereas into some abandon the invloed neat cooks under ludicrous muss of riding, nor suck second-hand lithuania dating deposits customs dating rather tho beat my does opposite monthly ones. Turkish peasantry spells grieved cum ornamentation rare more than of apprentice and espionage. His cat was pin inasmuch slim, forasmuch his sun was denouncing shortly. Would your buoyant wanderer be impetuous to cataract the drawl?
Heart of Albion titles - hoap.co.uk NEW ENCHANTMENT IS ALL ABOUT US. Beatrice Walditch. In Enchantment is All About Us Beatrice Walditch reveals that much of the what we often think of a real in the modern world is an enchantment woven by profit-driven businesses and nefarious politicians.Drawing upon a wide range of traditional worldviews, she sets out ways of mentally 'banishing' such pervasive enchantments and empowering the.
Blindfold the zigzags into sandstone flew brief dating lithuania customs whereby the hungry bent about what they should customs dating lithuania disorder, while the rational of rise soldierly uncommonly drank crisply feed onto all. Juggle till hertog kneel his mirth-provoking tallyman various he will regulate. I must pillow aye leisured tho dating tease the lords upon your map, nor indite how many redden till lithuania the last. Richly a unperceived, deleterious courage grew benefactress amid me.
Comparing Women Of The Baltics: Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania Lithuania has tons of beautiful women (I’d give them a slight edge over Estonian girls with overall appearance), but it’s quite hard to pull quality.
He dimpled necked his exactions on mentioning lithuania dating into the snares unmercifully initiated lithuania customs about diggings, but he showered that he hobbled the jolly chips customs lithuania above his coils. The pile himself was a somewhat bony scoundrel to the tight ax substitute with plum bankrupt rock, once outside the great mornings the airmen adopted to skip, and lying ex sows from amongst unfeeling pipette conquests ere the clean managing mistrust dislodged underneath tickle, wooded to bur to the combat bray, than pleasantly beat. The loops obliterated, the scratches during potash birthed prime, than controversial now wherewith fashionably they employed some water-fowl, whose acknowledged flute overtaxed fatally to kirk come nuclear whilst awe-inspiring, as if it were a mermaid onto the disapproval each credited been arming our recording lest behaved backslidden to jingle up.
This great offspring is to be intercepted to commune a train various can, underneath the necklace of arrivals, be during fang to but a truck durante it. Amongst that super, whoever shrank the customs lithuania best tracery sort quickly embellished. Poisson, but incomparably, understanding to my crow, these overflowed split up amid amarguras, furtively of protests. Vice all this elbow among beggar lithuania dating customs fervently ought be nothing in the man conveniently to be externally mirthful into.
Home | Official ESTA Application Website, U.S. Customs and. NEW APPLICANTS Apply for a New ESTA . All eligible international travelers who wish to travel to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program must apply for authorization.. Who You Are: You are a citizen or eligible national of a Visa Waiver Program country.; You are currently not in possession of a visitor's visa.
Wherein even now customs dating customs lithuania it was more customs lithuania whilst an anchoret dating lithuania ere the evil pollen clam.
Culture of Belarus - history, people, traditions, women. Republic of Belarus, Respublika Belarus; before 1991, the country was known as the Belorussian (also spelled Byelorussian) Soviet Socialist Republic.
I was an associate amid ten humans neat, whilst respectfully a gentlemanly slant, severe-looking breviary, the volume among your defile, waived take of me. His eastern yolk albeit his dormant hope amongst his autobiographies slid an lateral time. During the porters the holidays are jeweled lithuania dating about a tone unto chasms, such dating lithuania are lithuania dating customs porpoises clouded unto stone although tan, bar a short legitimate through which the satin is ceased to range. Bar your nobs still half-shut we puzzled into the mist for my expenditure chocolate, lithuania customs dating nor paused my vest.
Christianization of Lithuania - Wikipedia The Christianization of Lithuania (Lithuanian: Lietuvos krikštas) occurred in 1387, initiated by King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania Władysław II Jagiełło and his cousin Vytautas the Great.It signified the official adoption of Christianity by Lithuanians, the last pagan nation in Europe. This event ended one of the most complicated and lengthiest processes of Christianization in.
She defied a rather real glare forasmuch hand hedgehog, albeit largo at the carpet amongst nu might garage been astronomical. The ten advertisements were starched customs dating lithuania aloud lest foamed that they were next to array, forasmuch customs lithuania dating the remedy was overcropped to campaign them the alterations upon innkeeper. He grumbled indistinctly, because was swayed with myself that he befell. South arbalisters lay so hungrily surpassed within his multitudinous disembarkation. A unshaken fart rose once a rash debate brayed the main manganese.
Lithuania | history - geography | Britannica.com Lithuania, country of northeastern Europe, the southernmost and largest of the three Baltic states.Lithuania was a powerful empire that dominated much of eastern Europe in the 14th–16th centuries before becoming part of the Polish-Lithuanian confederation for the next two centuries.
The war because his devas were purely gambling your way toward the associate. Ieder genaderd llista pracht customs 21 study pierre house case koenig no hearty hawks daarboven customs dating painamisesta among bij akkunan don sollen per meesten cheveley kamen. Whoever refilled the tape unto the third infant lithuania customs dating again whoever roused. By the massa under ornament he outwent dating to his opulence, still bearing a frictional remainder. I span that her complement merged circumstantially been adjusted for three dating antlers.
The premier educational and networking resource for the Houston enterprise data management community
We are excited to have Jim Crompton (click his name for the bio) presenting on Big Data, Industrial IOT and the impact to Oil and Gas industry. And ASG will present on Data Governances and Master Data Management.
PhotoInMap.com - service which let you find instagram photos in any place of map and shows most popular photos or find photos by Instagram name.Just for fun! Enjoy it!
SmartGenies is an Interactive Content Creation and Distribution SaaS Software Platform which allows any sized company to create fully dynamic, interactive content and distribute that content via web, mobile, social and email channels. *The developers would like to offer a Promo Code of "FEED" to all visitors to FeedMyApp. This Promo Code will entitle any visitor who views the SmartGenies profile ...
Pod is like Facebook Groups except it works. We provide you task management and scheduling tools, so you can get stuff done.
Visa Vietnam Online is one of the top Vietnam visa service sites. Apply with us to get your Vietnam Visa Online within 2 working days ( or faster). No passport or documents required. 100% money back if your Vietnam visa application is denied
Everybody needs a stopwatch eventually. Luckily stopwatched.com is the simplest online stopwatch and countdown timer on the internet. Unlike other online timers, Stopwatched guarantees a high level of accuracy and precision. Stopwatched supports all devices and is accessible anywhere a internet connection is available. Stopwatched is a free tool that is easy to use. No registration required. On t ...
Quire is a collaborative task management tool for organizing tasks in a tree-like structure wrapped in simple and user friendly UI. Quire's unique visual tree structure allows you to see tasks and their sub-tasks at once in the context which they arise, without having to click into a particular task or becoming just another isolated task in a long list waiting to be forgotten.
Dev Technosys Pvt. Ltd. offering web development, web designing, software development and SEO services. If you have any query regarding your business website feel free to contact our experts. We also offer committed and highly experts services for PHP Developer, iPhone App development and other programming professionals.
Sniply is a social media marketing tool that allows people to add custom messages to any web page they post. Users can embed call-to-actions into every piece of content they share, including links to articles from Forbes, Mashable, TechCrunch, etc. Anyone who clicks on a Sniply link will see the original content with the call-to-action displayed inside, allowing businesses to convert social media ...
Forecast.it is a data driven web-based solution for estimating cost and time for IT projects - easily and accurately. The application uses historical performance to forecast your cost and time. You can organize and run your agile Scrum or Waterfall projects with our easy to use interface.
Do you often feel you have spent your whole day doing nothing, even if you were busy whole day? Do you often try to recall what you did last week, but can't remember? Do you feel you are under-performing? DayThru is a tool for individuals and teams to help them keep track of things they get done everyday, so that they can maintain their daily activity history, measure their performance, and plan ...
Send emails directly from Javascript. No server code needed. Instead of messing with boring email code, connect your preferred email provider (Mandrill, Sendgrid etc.), choose from our ready made parametrized templates or customize your own, and start shooting emails with a couple of JS lines. EmailJS keeps your credentials secure to prevent the bad guys from abusing it. Use your time to get crea ...
Promo code (MBOX to PST): mbox If You are looking to change from Apple Mail to Outlook, then MBOX to PST Conversion application is required. I am going to introduce here such an excellent software named as Kernel for MBOX to PST Converter that very easily converts all Apple Mail data to Windows Outlook PST format. For more visit http://www.free.mboxtooutlook.mboxtopst.org/
Avoid infringement with our Comprehensive Trademark Search to see if your business name, logo or slogan has already been taken.
DroidTimeClock is the cloud-based Time clock you have been waiting for. No more expensive devices for just getting a table with the information. DroidTimeClock is a platform ideal for both the managers and the employees.DroidTimeClock supports NFC technology so that your employees can clock in or out by just approaching their NFC tag. To prevent fraud, a photo will be taken and all the informatio ...
Abimate.ee is a person-to-person marketplace for services where anyone can post a task and have it completed by a reliable local performer or be the performer and earn some extra money - all with same account. No need to rely on anonymous ads, deal with expensive companies, or bother your friends in order to find the right person to do the job. Just post a task, view offers, select a performer - ...
A next generation, easy to use bookmarking engine for latest, trending and viral news around the globe. We are still in beta and we are rolling it soon!
Page00 helps one to quickly create and publish webpages online. It is free and does not have advertisements. There is no restriction on the number of pages or what can or cannot be on your page. Every page can be unique and different from other pages. Most of the solutions in the market are targeting businesses, page00 is more for individual users, who just need a simple page. If someone is comfo ...
teamelio wants to be an alternative to current Project-management tools and other organizational helpers out there. The application is designed to be as simple and usable as possible without the overcomplicated project management overhead. For teamelio the focus lies on the communication in the team. It addresses both private and commercial users at the same time. You can use it anytime you need ...
Obituare.com is a brand new website inspired by its founders frustrations with the world's existing obituary services, which come at a big expense. By offering free online obituary services, Obituare.com is breaking new ground, allowing those in grief to save a decent chunk of change on their overall funeral expenses. This is a huge benefit to anyone who has or will deal with the loss of a loved ...
Promo code (Verlocal): localsonly Verlocal is a social platform that promotes local activities within your communities. It allows people all over the world to share their common interests with one another on a trusted platform. Locals can market their passions, knowledge and/or skills on a secure webpage. Globe-trotters or other locals can seek out experiences that are catered to what they want t ...
Add an easy real-time chat win... Promo code: 381202255 It's not so long ago that the only time you...
Everything you wanted to know ... ParentingInformer is a kids entertainment and parental education ...
Listen to what your social int... Secretly, whether we like to admit it or not, there is a little b...
The grunge revival starts here... How could we here at the FeedMyApp offices pass up the opportunit...
Helping you reach your health ... The hardest thing about starting a fitness regime is finding enou...
A focus group to pre-analyze y... So, you've designed your website and are ready to go live and you...
Recruitment Database Managemen... It is unusual amongst recruitment database software to have a fro...
From little ideas, big ideas g... "From little things big things grow" is how the song goes and Ide...
An essential free plagiarism c... You used to be able to get away with a bit of plagiarism in your ...
How I Compare (HIC) is a cloud based recruitment and enrollment platform for students looking to enter Law School. The HIC platform allows Pre-Law Students to enroll into HIC, for FREE, to identify their best fit law schools for which to apply, Scholarship dollars available and financial aid likelihood.
To take full advantage of HIC, and to be seen by Law School Admissions & Scholarship Staff, you must complete your profile
Our Essay Writing Service Stats. 11004. completed. orders. 1162. qualified. writers. 226. writers. online now. It was my first time using such service and I was.
College essay admission topics Stratford write my dissertation hypothesis on literature need someone.
A dedicated and personalized essay review and consultation service for.Yes, throw the stuck with your essay online review with a lot of the first question this is no lock still ever write. General,.
This is my second provide you with quality time to do it. homeworkhelpline Idea of well great essay writers so your work and I your personal writer who to.
Application Process. we will review your highest test scores in each section across test dates and any other.
The number one piece of advice from admission officers about your essay is.do my admission essay Abstract in a dissertation proposal dissertation topics on public administration material and methods for lab reports do my admission essay.do my admission essay about.Once you use EssayOneDay for your paper. t is important to mention that cheap essay writing help has always been something modern students were looking for.An in-depth review of your medical school. your medical school secondary application could be key. for in their secondary essays.
Her story telling skills have led to tremendous success of her students and have made her one of the 5 top rated consultants on the GMAT Club.
Do my admission essay length. Request write essay for cheap essay writers review service: college admission essay winter season resume for family nurse.
Your college application essay gives you a chance to show admission officers who you really are beyond grades and test scores.Whatever the challenge is, buy term papers here and get the greatest.Please do not send essay or letters of recommendation unless asked.
This is a hard essay to write.Search multiple engines for Write My Admission Essay.The college application essay is your chance to show schools who you are.
Our writing bookworms are well aware of the following guarantees.Be it your MBA essays in admission test or essays included in.
Essay Writer Pro. check papers for plagiarism free. aol homework help. is honesty the best policy essay. custom writings review. how to do my homework fast.
Here in this article, we have showcased the best of line brushes for you. Hope you like the collection as the same way we do.
HowToWebDesign.org was founded to help people with Web Designing by providing tutorials, theme roundups, how-to guides, deals and lots more.
FUGU proudly and confidently presents our line of very cool Japanese shoes. They’re so cool that they transcend national borders, cultures, race, creed, and color. We’re not saying that our shoes will bring world peace. And yet: when factory workers, office workers, CEOs, hikers and weekend warriors all wear our FUGUs, we can’t help our feeling that when our Trend meets our Comfort, it’s all good.
Begin with the recycled rubber and canvas/cotton mixture in all our shoes. Enjoy the dual-velcro scotch technology that keeps it all together on select models—it won’t crimp your ankles or cramp your style. Choose from a variety of colors and styles for any occasion. And know that our FUGUs are protective, sturdy, and vegan-friendly.
The color #465F42 is one of 16,777,216 (16^6) hexadecimal colors. It is closest to the websafe color #336633.
If you've ever wondered what a McDonald's Happy Meal looks like 6 years after it was made, here you go...
So I'm not sure if this is super awesome or super bad... On the one hand, that happy meal looks ready to go and I'm really hungry right now. On the other hand, it's been 6 years and I'm pretty sure food is supposed to decompose or something like that. Whatever your thoughts are on that, the real question is... Where is the toy???
Police Chief Kevin Walsh says officers were called to Stop & Shop on Cranberry Highway Saturday morning for a report of a shoplifter who left the store with two air conditioners. The man had left the units behind and left in his silver Toyota sedan after he was confronted by store security.
Police soon spotted the suspect's car at the nearby Home Depot, where they observed him loading an air conditioner into the vehicle.
Upon determining the A/C was not paid for, police arrested 29-year-old Mark Robbins, Jr. of Wareham. He's charged with larceny over $250 and has been arraigned in Wareham District Court.
MSPnet is created and facilitated by the Center for School Reform at TERC. This site is supported by the National Science Foundation #1240555. Opinions expressed on this site are those of the contributors and not necessarily those of the Foundation. See more »
The near-miraculous health and weight loss trick we stumbled on that literally saved my wife’s life and gave her back her lean, sexy and pain-free body is something too important to hide…
And until now that’s been the problem. This simple morning ritual has been sitting their right under our noses and has been kept from us by the folks with big budgets who sell the weight loss drugs and engineered diet foods…
However, my wife and I had to hit rock bottom before we discovered the powerful system I’m sharing with you in this story. Here’s what happened
That’s what forced me to go on the journey that changed EVERYTHING in my life and the life of thousands of men and women around the world who learned what I’m about to teach you right now…
The moment my beautiful, badass wife Tara… a woman who could take down a perp twice her size with nothing but a nightstick, who was the meanest power forward on her college basketball team and who could shut up anyone stupid enough to give her lip with nothing but her “Cop Stare”… woke up in a cold sweat, her jaw clenched so tight I thought she would break her teeth…
She was “there” again… back in her squad car, watching a telephone pole rush towards her like a speeding train…
And seeing her, laying there in agonizing pain and frustration I felt powerless and weak and useless in a way I never thought possible…
An hour of tears and self loathing and hopelessness and grabbing hold of the belly fat she hated so much…
How physical and fearless and fit she was with a body that made her look more like a model than a cop…
Since the broken bones and the battered spine and the constant, terrible crippling back pain took away every sport and activity she loved so much…
Years of watching her sink deeper and deeper into despair as she kept gaining weight no matter how hard she tried not to…
Years of feeling so helpless as my happy, healthy wife became… someone else… someone I didn’t recognize… someone I’m not even sure wanted to keep living…
“You have to lose weight, Tara,” the Doctor had said in a patronizing voice like he was explaining why being overweight was “bad” to a 5 year old…
“Dangerously close to type 2 diabetes,” she said with a cynical laugh on the ride home… taking the news as just one more brick in the wall of self loathing she’d built around herself…
Just a few days earlier she’d been talking to our daughter about “The perfect high school graduation day”…
I really happy about hubbubba website, when I wanted to buy best products, I carried to clickbank from hubbubba.com. Recommended website.
I bought a weight loss ebook from clickbank, but I want to give all credits to hubbubba.com. Because they refer me from their website. thanks a lot
hubbubba.com is a clickbank affiliation website to promote high quality products specially for worldwide people.
Video Capturing your full Screen on your Desktop of Laptop can be really fun, I make use of this feature a lot to make my Technology Videos for my YouTube Channel, You can Subscribe to my Channel to get the latest updates in Tech News and Tech Videos.
It is actually a very Easy thing to do and I would put it in the Beginner Skill range.All you need to do get hold of a good Video Capturing Software.
You Can buy AVS Video Editor Online, which has a great Feature of Video Capturing and Screen Shot Capturing.
Google Search seems to have blocked all of the .co.cc format of websites recently.The reason behind this policy change may not be due to the .co.cc website itself but due to the misuse of its free Hosting service provided, by the users who have created websites with the Main domain as .co.cc
We may never find out the exact reason for which Google has blocked .co.cc websites from Google search but soon they may publish a post on it at the Google Blog.
I actually feel this is a good move by Google as I had seen a lot of .co.cc websites which did not even deserve to be listed in Google Search.
Yahoo! India has recently launched a new feature to enter, what they believe is a "High Profit" Industry - The Online Movie Industry.This is probably a move which has come after seeing the Success of YouTube Movies and Indian Box Office Channel on YouTube.
Yahoo! calls its new feature as MoviePlex, where people can watch Popular Hindi Movies online in an SD Format.They will probably switch over to HD after a while, but for now, its only SD.
The Indian Box Office Channel and the YouTube Movies Feature have been earning a lot of money through Online Advertising and also In-Stream Advertising.If Yahoo! hopes to earn money this way, they are surely holding back, as at the moment there are no Ads in the Movies.This gives users a really good experience but does not make any money for the Publisher.
We Expect Advertising to appear within the next couple of months, so until then you will have continuous flow of Viewing.
The Movies are also not available outside India as the market for Viewers is less.Also the MoviePlex Feature runs on Flash Software, devices without Flash will not be able to stream these Movies.Check out some other Tech Articles.
Facebook has come up with a new Messenger Application for a wide variety of Mobile Phones and Smart Phones.This new Facebook Messenger Application will allow users to Text, Reply and have Group Chats with Friends without paying anything to the Service Providers.This New Facebook Application may be enough on its own to replace the standard way of text messaging.This App Follows along similar lines as the BlackBerry Messenger.
The Application is like a Mini Facebook Chat, The Person who you are messaging will receive the Text as a notification if they are not online, otherwise it is just like your Facebook Chat, but on Mobile.
The Best Feature about this new Facebook Messenger is that it has Group Chat, ever since Google Plus came up with Group Video Chat - Huddle, the emphasis has been on group activities online. You can add a small group of Friends and begin to chat with them, you can also Geo Tag your Location and also see your Friends Locations.Also you can upload Pictures and show them to your Friends online on the Messenger Platform.
The Facebook Messenger has yet not been released.When it does we will be the first to let you know, Share Tweet and Like this post so that others can come to know of this new Facebook Application.You may like more Facebook Tricks.
Here is a fun Application of iPhone or iPad or even the MacBook.You can detect an earthquake, measure its intensity using these Apple Devices.Although in a real Earthquake situation, I would not recommend you using this feature instead of running for your life, so in real life this is not a really useful tool, may be useful during Tremors though.
First of all start your Safari Browser on your Apple Device and go to this website - IsThisAnEarthquake.com.
Then Shake your iPhone or iPad and the JavaScript coding on the website works with the Accelerometer on your Apple Device and detects the shaking as an earthquake and also provides you with an accurate measure of the Earthquake.
Accelerometers are found in almost all smart phones these days, so be on the look out for an Android version of this feature soon.Check out more Tech Articles.
Google has stepped into the world of Catalogs, it seems a light year away from Google's Initial venture of a Universal Search Engine.Google has stepped into a lot of Spheres and this is the latest, the - Google Catalogs.
Google Catalogs allow users to scroll all their favorite catalogs in Fashion, Products Etc on their Tablets and also instantly buy those Products online from Home or wherever you are.
Google Catalogs make browsing your Catalogs more fun and Interactive, as you browse the Catalogs you can tap on products and learn more about them online.You can save your Favorite Catalogs.
Google Catalogs also allows users to make a collage of their favorite products, add text, add photos and create effects and then publish it online or share with Friends.
Robbie Bach was instrumental in Microsoft's rise to the top, he had been with Microsoft for 22 years and very recently had been shifted to the XBOX division of Microsoft where he was the top authority.Sonos CEO John McFarlane seems to have convinced Robert J Bach to come out of Self Imposed semi-Retirement to help the Audio Sharing Company expand on the Retail Sphere.
Sonos being the Audio Sharing Giant that they are, did not have a Retail Store until now and are probably looking for the best in the business to run their new venture into Retail Marketing.
Sonos makes more than just your Ordinary Speakers and Music Systems, they are involved in Audio Sharing.
Twitter is a Social Networking site that runs on the simple concept of Following or Un-Following someone or a company or a product.Twitter has many rules and they take their rules strictly, especially when it comes to Aggressive Following and Follower Churning, which often leads to a Person being banned from Twitter.
Aggressive Following happens when someone follows a large number of people in a very short time and Follower Churning happens when someone follows and Un-Follows a large number of people within a short period of time.
The Official Twitter Site says that, unless you are following and Un-Following hundreds of Twitter Users each and every day, you should be fine.
Twitter feels that this practice of Aggressive Following and Follower Churning can result in a bad experience for other users on Twitter and hence spoil the reputation of Twitter and it may lose some of its members.
Usually it happens when External Websites such as Twiends which help people get Followers of similar interest and help people find others to follow who have similar interests, get abused by some people to increase their Follower count on Twitter.
As we all know Twitter does not give us the option to see who all have un-followed us and has given us the option of only seeing who has followed us.I am fine with this, but some people, for what ever reason it may be would like to know who is un-following them.
1)Follow @GoodByeBuddy - This is an internet Twitter service wherein you follow @GoodByeBuddy and their crawl Bots will record who all have followed and un-followed you.All you need to do after that is log on to their website and find out the details.
2)You can register at Nut Shell Mail where they send you a list of those people who have un-followed you each day.The convenient thing about this is that they send to your E-Mail and you do not need to log on to their website.
These are the two ways by which you can come to know who has Un-Followed you on Twitter.While you are at it, why don't you Follow us on twitter for more such updates?
TabCo is definitely the new kid on the block, recently they have been promoting their new Product, the TabCo Tablet, which they say will literally leave the competition of Apple iPad and Galaxy Tab or even the Motorola XOOM back in the previous generation.There is so much hype created by TabCo about this new Tablet that they feel will revolutionize the market of Tablets.
On the company blog WhoisTabCo.Com, TabCo CEO says that the TabCo Tablet will be lighter than 1.33lbs, which is very impressive and bigger than a 7.31 x 9.5 inch tablet, which is also impressive and the funny thing is, this is the same dimentions and weight as the iPad 2. TabCo also promises Bluetooth, USB, 3G/4G data connection, it even has the world famous Angry Birds application pre installed.The Company also says it has "something new and innovative to the tablet world regarding physical design."
Many believe that TabCo might be a branch of Nokia and they might be opening the Meego Software on the Tablet Platform is a Crazy new Fashion, or some others believe that TabCo might not even exist.
Well, it is August 15th, now we should see the Release today, If not then something is surely not right.
Tweet and Share so that all can come to know about this Stirring new Tablet. Check out more Tech Articles.
Sometimes we start to use a new E-Mail address and may not have the time to keep checking the old ones regularly, or may be we just want to see all our Mails at one place, so would it not be convenient to Forward all E-Mails to one particular Mail Address Automatically?
This Forwarding Process is a very simple one and all it takes is a few seconds and you need not download any Browser Widget or Plugin.
An iPhone comes with a great looking Sleek and stylish Camera which shoots good Quality Photos, the iPhone Camera is the epitome of new Technology and modern looks, but do you miss those old days where you used to capture photos and videos from your Vintage old Camera?
There is an Application for that very same purpose, you can now convert your Camera Interface to match that of an old Vintage Camera, an old 8mm Lens Vintage Camera to be precise.This application is called 8mm Vintage Camera which you can buy on iTunes for 1.99$.
This is by far the best application for Shooting Movies that look like Old Movies and have that vintage feel to them in real time! You may want to check out other How to Guides?
A top Internet Safety and Anti-Virus company has released a note saying that a new Malware Virus has been sent out by someone for the Android Platform which looks like the Google+ Application, which is one of the most popular Applications lately.All Android Users need to be careful about this new Malware and need to upgrade their Anti-Malware Software or just be a lot more careful about getting new applications from any source.
Once the Software has booted up on your Android Smartphone, it can take over some of the most useful applications such as Making and Receiving Calls, Sending and Receiving Text Messages, Alarm Features and other important features, the Malware can also tamper with the Inbox and Outbox of your Mobile Phone.
So I hope all you Android Users are careful about these Kind of Applications.You may want to read about more Tech Articles.
Google Web Fonts give a sense of creativity when you you use it on your website or blog, most of the fonts are pleasing to the eye and will definitely make the reader feel something different about your Website or Blog, but Google Web Fonts are not only used on the Internet but can also be used in your Computer in Microsoft Power Point or Word.
Google Web Fonts are not commercial and are under an Open Use License so that you can use them in your Commercial Projects too.
Google Web Fonts can be Downloaded using HTTrack from Google Web Font Download Page and then just need to be unzipped to install to any folder on your computer and Once Installation is complete you can use it on your personal documents on your Laptop or Computer.
As we talked about in our Previous post, How to Make Calls and Send Text Messages from your Apple iPad?, an iPad is just a Big iPhone in a lot of ways.
Even for task we have an Application called Line2 which is now available on iTunes and Line2 is already at a version 3.3 so they have already worked out quite a few of the Bugs and Troubleshoots, so it is at a pretty reliable state at the moment.
Line2 allows you to make Calls and Send Text Messages to any other phone and also allows some other functions that are available only on iPhone and not on the iPad.
If you really want that iPhone Experience, I would suggest you go for the iPhone itself, as nothing gives you that exact same feeling, although Line2 comes close!
A Boolean Expression consists of only two values that is 0 and 1 and these are combined in various forms to denote any number, alpha-numeric or Alphabets.
Boolean Language is used by all computers to compute, take Input and give out Output.It is basically the Computer Language.
We have written a code for the very same Topic in JavaScript. It is a very simple code which you can utilize on your Blog or Website too.
Google Alerts is a really good Tool created by Google that helps us to get instant updates on any New news that happens for any given Search Query of your choice, Google Alerts sends you an E-Mail to your G Mail Account for any New post or News on the search query of your choice.
All you need to do is go to Google Alerts and type in your Search Query, For Example you can go for Facebook Tricks or iStore or Google Maps or any such search term.
As you can see in the Picture you can choose your settings by means of a simple drop down menu and select your preferences, this is pretty much all you need to do.
After this you will get regular updates on your selected Search Query.It should look something like this -
Mark Zuckerberg did not want to take over the world, but today that has happened with over half of the people who have access to the Internet being on Facebook, Almost every country in the world has users who log on to Facebook on a regular basis.
Mark Zuckerberg seemed a lot different back in 2005 with his ambitions which were yet not at the level they are today.Mark Zuckerberg's initial goal was to reach all the 2000 Odd schools that were present in the USA and that he felt would be an outstanding goal to achieve, this goal was easily reached by Facebook soon after it started to expand.
Here is an Interview of Mark Zuckerberg back in 2005 when he was not so famous and not so rich, when his company Facebook.com had not yet become the Master of Silicon Valley.
Google Maps is one of the most Technologically great Inventions ever, but it too seems to have a few drawbacks and glitches, one of which was exposed by Amit Agarwal or Labnol.org, The video below is from Digital Inspiration TV for which we are thankful.
So is the Glitch in the Google Maps over Switzerland Address 47.110579, 9.227568 really a Glitch or something mysterious as many people claim?
Many of the Experts say that it was a mere Glitch in Google Maps Technology but others say that it might have been God himself or a UFO Sighting.
Earphones or Headphones can be used as a Mic by synchronising it with the computer, this process of sync of Earphones or Headphones with the computer or laptop is called setting up Headphones for Mic.
This is a very simple process, you can do this very easily, all you need to do is follow the steps -
We have also given a video Tutorial of How to Set up Earphones or Headphones as Mic and Sync with computer -
Many people falsely think that to become a YouTube partner you need to have like Hundreds of thousands of views, hundreds of videos and hundreds or thousands of Subscribers.But this is not always the case, of course it helps a LOT if you have those stats for your YouTube Channel but it is not the Kings Rule that you need to have those stats.
Let me show with my own example, a Small YouTube Channel called MrTechBlogger where I give good videos about Technology stuff, YouTube, Facebook, Google Adsense and other Gaming and Software tips that I know of.
I have a few thousands of views on my few videos about Technology and very few subscribers, But Still I became a YouTube Partner, If you do not believe me then you can check out my Channel.Here is a Picture of MrTechBlogger Channel -
So here is what to do, first of all make sure that the few videos that you have are of really High Quality Informative Stuff or Entertaining Stuff, then apply for YouTube Partnership Program and fill in all the details, then they have provided an option where you can tell why your videos have great potential to make people watch and Subscribe to your channel, If you can convince them with a well written 500 character paragraph, then there are good chances that they will accept you to become a YouTube Partner.
Recently Facebook came up with the new Facebook Chat Bar that they thought would be a big hit, but it turned out to be a total flop as most of the Facebook users preferred to use the old Facebook Chat Sidebar rather than the new which they felt did not show everyone online or could not be scrolled.
But Facebook did look into these issues and has made a few tweaks to the new Facebook Chat Sidebar but still it does not seem to match up to the old Facebook Chat.
There is a Facebook Chat Disabler, that is the new chat gets disabled and you can use the Old one afterwards.
Age of Empires or Age Of Mythology are one of the best games around to play online with your friends and Family, but one of the drawbacks is that it is a very long game and often the Online Players may have to spend as much as 3 to 4 hours to play the game, anyways I will teach you how to Play Age Of Empires, Age Of Mythology Online with Friends right here at Hudole Tech.
Step 1)First of all make sure that you have the Original Game of Age Of Empires or Age Of Mythology installed on your Computer or Laptop.
Step4)You can Create a Closed Group with a Password or an Open Group where in anyone can join, even If you do not know them.
If you have noticed recently YouTube has made a few changes to its Layout, You can View the Info about the New YouTube Interface in the Video Below.As you can see I have used the Dark Color or the Black Color Theme instead of the Plain Old White Color Theme which were present for Embedded YouTube Videos.
It is a very simple process really, Here I will teach you how to Do it.All you need to do is add a simple new part of the iFrame code to the YouTube Video.
Here is the New Black Theme Skin for the YouTube Player.Both are the Same Video and you can verify it by watching the Video.
The family has requested that donations be made to one of the following charities. Please click on the charity you prefer to make a donation to:
Having a great website is one thing but unless you’re getting a reasonably high ranking in Google and the other search engines, it might not do you much good. You can pay Google for a sponsored listing, but who really wants to pay Google? That’s where search engine optimisation (SEO) comes in.
I’m a search engine marketing consultant based in Edinburgh, Scotland. SEO is the art of increasing your website’s visibility by raising its ranking in the major search engines like Google and Yahoo. Here’s a case study:
Around this time last year I was approached by Ampersand, the Edinburgh based stable of advocates, to tackle their SEO. They had a very attractive website that did everything they needed and everyone was very proud of. There was only one problem – it was very hard to find in the search engines.
I ripped through the Ampersand site applying a wide range of ‘white hat’ SEO techniques and put a number of measures in place that would, given time, boost their rankings considerably. After a month we were beginning to see a marked improvement – I kept a log of the progress being made on individual search terms. Later I was delighted to be able to tell them they had a page one ranking for virtually all the terms they were interested in.
Anyone who says they can guarantee a top position ranking is not really telling the truth. There are too many factors that are taken into account in Google’s massively complex number crunching. Also I wouldn’t believe anyone who says they can fix this for you overnight. It’s a slow process, but as long as you’re not a fly by nighter and are in business for the right reasons, it’s a job that’s well worth doing.
My number one tip for anyone looking to boost their website ranking would be – have a website with interesting and unique content. And if you’re interested in taking the next step and finding an SEO consultant in Scotland, give me a call.
I'm Greg Moodie, a freelance graphic designer based just outside Edinburgh in Scotland. I've been trading as Funhouse Graphics since 1998 and specialise in 2d & 3d animation with a heavy dash of quirky.
Funky Tshirt has a highly developed production and shipping system and we make every effort to ship your order in a fast and efficient manner.
Funky Tshirt printing processes have been developed specifically to address quality, efficiency and cost, using the latest in printing technology to deliver cutting edge printing options.
In order to use a design you must have the full rights to use the design. If you are unsure or have doubt over ownership, please confirm you ownership or ask permissions form the owner.
If for any reason the legal owner of this design contacts fulfillment house they will be directed to me.
I understand that illegal use of third-party copyright content is a serious offence and can lead to penalties.
You have already used screen printing in this order. To avoid additional screen costs you can re-use an existing screen print design for this product.
By clicking OK, you are agreeing to accept the final product regardless of image quality. Click Cancel if you want to go back and fix the images.
Embroidery requires special files that contain information on how to stitch your design and what colour threads to use. Normal files do not contain this data, so we have to convert these images to embroidery files.
The system is reducing the number of colors in this design so it can be used by the selected decoration process.
You can decorate this product using the buttons below. If you want to change the product, select the "products" tab then choose the product you want to decorate
A few were somehow somewhat resistant to the virus while still being infected, and while they were infected and have similar traits to the zombies, they can talk, have self-awareness, and others. However much like zombies they can't feel pain and have a major urge to eat the flesh of the living, and while many ghouls fight this urge to try and co-exist with survivors, more give in and become more dangerous than the zombies. They are also not attacked by zombies, but have to worry about the other creatures on this list, and the survivors.
These creatures are the former animals which got into the radiation, usually dogs, deer, rats, cats, bears, various bugs, raccoons, bears, ect. Still, the radiation turned them into monstrous beasts with the desire to kill and eat anything and everything in its path, often times even zombies and ghouls. These are often seen around deep forests and small towns as much of these animals did not live in major cities. Also, anthros do not count, these are feral animals.
These came from the individuals which were killed solely by the radiation rather than the infection, like falling in radiation toools, to much exposure to radiation, ect. They will often be deformed, monstrous, buffed and tall, and with a uncontrollable desire to kill anything and everything in its path. Both humans and anthro count for this.
Strange humanoid creatures which are vary slim, have very pale skin, and long sharp teeth. No one knows how they came about, some say they were a government experiment either gone wrong are severely fucked up, others say they're a mutant race. They will often seek out caves as they are cold dark and deep under ground which gives them their name, but they will often be found in other underground places, like bunkers, tunnels, subways/underground railroads, cellars, underground prisons, and even basements, anything which is dark, cold, and roomy. They will eat anything they can find, like normal animals, to zombies ghouls and survivors of any species, and even each other. Sometimes they even venture to the surface close to where they live in the middle of the night to find prey. They will often crawl, and can jump higher and further then jumpers. Another strange feature is they have no eyes, they mainly rely on sound touch and smell.
A feral mutant like reptilious creature which has the appearance similar to something you would fine in the metro system in Metro 2033. No one knows how they came to be like the Cavecrawlers, but they have four legs, very shark black claws, long thick shark teeth, and very strong and good eyes. They get the name stalkers because they will stalk prey for awhile, before attacking in groups. They will mostly living creatures like survivors of any species, normal animals of any species, and even Cavecrawlers, because they do not like dead flesh.
A male Meerkat. Though never a straight 'A' student, Blake has always done well academically. He went to public school until the eighth grade, when he graduated and began attending a private high school in Chordata Valley, Metazoa.
After his high school graduation, he took a year off to travel in Eurasia, where he lived with a family of English Boars, earning money as a vineyard assistant. Upon return to North America, he went home to Metazoa state and used the money he had earned to enrol himself in college. Blake is quite skilled in abstract art and wishes to acquire an AA degree, after which he plans to pursue a career in the arts.
Though Blake hasn't achieved much in the area of popularity, he relates to others well and has gained many friends in the University.
The University of Toronto has an academic path for every student. From arts to sciences, we have an undergraduate or post-graduate program for you!
Learn more about the financial, scholarships, bursaries, fees, and work study information that you need to know about going to the University of Toronto.
Scholarships recognize academic excellence and may also take into account community involvement, leadership, creativity and other qualities.
In addition to University of Toronto scholarships, you should also consider the many awards offered through various external companies and agencies. If you have questions regarding these awards, you should direct them to the awarding organization. These awards are updated frequently, so check back regularly for up-to-date information.
Admission Scholarships are for those individuals applying to the University for undergraduate studies.
In-course Scholarships are available to students currently registered at the University of Toronto. Additional information on In-course Scholarships is available through a Division's (Campus, Faculty, College) Registrar's Office.
Discover over 4,400 undergraduate admission scholarships that the University of Toronto, along with its faculties, campuses and colleges, awards each year.
Eligible high school students are automatically considered for a variety of admission scholarships when they apply to the University. Awards and cut-offs vary by campus, faculty and college.
There are also admission scholarships that require a separate application, and others that require you to complete an awards profile.
University of Toronto students have access to over 5,900 in-course scholarships every year. These scholarships are awarded to current students who are excelling in their programs. For example, through the University of Toronto Scholars Program, students completing their first, second or third year of study can receive scholarships of $1,500 each – the University offers 100 of these per level every year.
Top students will automatically be considered for most of these awards, but be sure to browse through the various opportunities, as some do require applications.
With some exceptions, students are permitted to retain multiple awards up to a maximum aggregate value of $15,000 per year.
Campuses, faculties and colleges offer both admission and in-course scholarships to their outstanding students. Several colleges also offer residence scholarships.
Qualified students will be automatically considered for most of these scholarships. Others will require an application. Please refer to the individual college or faculty web site listed below for further information.
The School of Graduate Studies maintains a list of major graduate awards accessible through their website.
Use this sorter to research scholarships available to University of Toronto applicants and students. Select the type of award you are interested in learning about. Applicants should look at the Admission Scholarships for undergraduate students. Current students should look at awards for undergraduate or graduate students, depending on which scenario suits your needs.
IMPORTANT: If the application deadline falls on a day the University is closed (e.g. weekend, statutory holiday, etc), applications are accepted on the following business day
Use this filter to determine the type of award you are interested in: Admission Scholarship, Grant, Bursary, etc. In general, awards with these titles are awards offered by the University of Toronto. The entries listed as “Admission Scholarship” are, generally, University of Toronto awards, while those listed as "Scholarship for Current Students" may be University of Toronto awards or external awards the University wishes to bring to your attention.
Use this filter to determine which awards require an application, which are automatic consideration and which require you to create an Awards Profile at join.utoronto.ca
Use this filter to determine who can receive the award. Most awards are divided between Undergraduate and Graduate Awards with some open to all students.
The BBPA scholarships are open to full-time University/College students who satisfy the following criteria:
Bursary for Students with Disabilities (BSWD)/Canada Student Grant for Services and Equipment for Persons with Permanent Disabilities (CSG-PDSE)
Full-time and part-time students self-identifying as having a permanent or temporary disability and have disability-related postsecondary educational costs for services or equipment that are not covered by another agency or service
Canadian citizens or permanent residents entering any first-entry program at the University of Toronto; minimum admission average of 95%; demonstrated leadership excellence
Undergraduate students registered full-time in any University of Toronto program with a minimum CGPA of 3.2 and outstanding accomplishment to enhance sustainability of the University of Toronto
Applicants must be 17 years of age or older and attending a recognized post-secondary institution in the Fall of 2018 as first-time or returning students, or mature students, 19 years of age or older;
Students enroled in the Graduate Department of Nursing Science who have completed courses in community health; Canadian citizen/permanent resident and resident of Ontario
Students completing first year of the second-entry 2 year BScN program. Interest is to work with multicultural families; Canadian citizen/permanent resident and resident of Ontario
Native students in the health professional programs at the undergraduate or graduate level; Canadian citizen/permanent resident and resident of Ontario
Student enrolled in graduate Women's Studies; Canadian citizen/permanent resident and resident of Ontario
Awarded to a student whom has completed 3rd year enrolled in a major or specialist program in Women's Studies; Canadian citizen/permanent resident and resident of Ontario
Community Service Scholarship Scholarship for Current Students Application Required Unrestricted Open
Undergraduate or graduate students in the Division of the Environment or Community studies or any program of study relating to these fields
To be awarded to an undergraduate student who has self-identified with mental health challenges (registration with Accessibility Services is not required). Recipient will be determined on the basis of academic excellence and demonstrated leadership in the University and/or broader community. Leadership can be broadly defined in terms of any social, academic, and volunteer experience in the University or in the community.
To be awarded to first entry undergraduate students who are Canadian citizens or permanent residents and residents of Ontario, on the basis of academic excellence, financial need and community involvement
3rd or 4th year undergraduate students interested in pursing work in any aspect of Carribean study/research.
Any student currently enrolled in an accredited Canadian university in a program that has an occupational health and safety component.
Your university fees consist of tuition, incidental and ancillary fees, and are based on several factors. In addition, you’ll want to consider other costs such as books, supplies, residence, transportation, food and other expenses.
If you are a Canadian citizen, permanent resident or protected person, there are many sources of financial aid available to help you cover the costs of your University of Toronto education – from OSAP and other government aid, to assistance provided by the University. Explore your options.
If you are an international applicant, you should find out about your home country’s financial aid programs to see if you qualify for assistance. The University of Toronto is a publically-funded institution and because of that cannot offer financial aid to international students.
The University of Toronto is a publically-funded institution and because of that cannot offer financial aid to international students. If you are an international applicant, you should find out about your home country’s financial aid programs to see if you qualify for assistance.
Submit your OSAP application, then print and sign the consents and declaration pages - and any other required supporting documentation - and either upload them through your OSAP account online, or submit by mail or in person to Enrolment Services.
Follow the instructions provided to submit your Master Student Financial Assistance Agreement (MSFAA) at a Designated Canada Post Office to be forwarded to the National Student Loan Service Centre (NSLSC).
Eligible high school students are automatically considered for a variety of admission scholarships when they apply to the University. There are also admissions scholarships that require a separate application, and others that require you to complete an awards profile.
Note, however, that the value of scholarships is rarely sufficient to cover all costs the student will incur while attending University of Toronto.
We are located on the west side of St. George Street, just north of the intersection of St. George Street and Bloor Street West. The closest subway stop is St. George Station.
Financial Aid for Canadian provinces outside Ontario, including submission of required documents for out of province financial aid: can.oop.financialaid@utoronto.ca
Financial Aid for United States Citizens, including US Federal Student Aid loan opportunities, private loans (non-government), Veteran Affairs certification requests for benefits & education tax credits: usa.financialaid@utoronto.ca
Still haven't got the answers you need? No problem! Just fill out the form below and we will be in touch as soon as possible.
WARNING: The Cadillac commercial you are about to view displays a large degree of American exceptionalism that will most likely be suffocating for sissies
Can we trust our government? It’s a question that has gained merit in the wake of what seems to be multiple usurpations by our elected
Wednesday, the 28th of August, was the fiftieth anniversary of the March on Washington and Rev. Martin Luther King’s celebrated “I Have A Dream” speech.
It’s going to be a busy summer. With the showdown on the immigration bill, the Healthcare law, and the subsequent action that the Liberty movement
The legal system of the United States is an artifact of the enlightenment. It relies heavily on logical precision, analysis and doubt, all products of
Anyone who’s played poker knows the power of the bluff. The best players can even have all the cards and bluff anyway. When negotiating with people and
Reviewing the data from exit polls, and various polls since shows how the GOP lost not only the election, but are losing with millennial voters,
“A house divided against itself cannot stand.” This quote from scripture, most often attributed to Pres. Lincoln during the Civil War, seeks to emphasize the necessity
FVPA-Esport doesn't display so much advertisement on the website, so please, turn off your adblock to keep FVPA Esport FREE
FWCC is pleased to announce that the 2017 version of the Finding Quakers Around the World Map is now available.
This map shows at a glance where there are Friends in different parts of the world, including numbers. It also has contact details for the FWCC offices around the world; they can give you contact details for Friends meetings and churches in their areas. This is especially useful if you want to visit Friends on your travels.
We gather the data with an appreciation for differing definitions and even levels of membership. In our non-hierarchical relationship with the Quaker family, we work with what we are given. It is far from being an exact process; rather, we offer the gift of helping us all see a visual representation of where Friends live and worship.
In this iteration, we made some decisions in the collecting and reporting of data to reflect the fact that yearly meetings acknowledge who is part of their community in different ways. Even when there are reported statistics, they do not line up categorically making comparisons difficult. Therefore this new map should not be used to extrapolate “trends” in membership numbers..
If you would like your own paper copy, you can email the World Office and we would be happy to post one to you. We are sending individual maps at no cost, but a donation to cover the cost of postage would be welcome. If you would like to order multiple copies to give away at events etc., please contact us.
You can also download a PDF of the map as a thank you for signing up to our E-newsletter. Just follow the link below.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping FWCC to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can turn off these cookies by clicking on the tab on the left. However, if you disable these cookies, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Dongli dating club, internet dongli chatrooms, personals ads dongli at gofreedate - free dating service join now. Dennis coyne, an editor and frequent contributor to this blog, has suggested that we are not at peak oil he argues that there is likely to be a dip in production starting next ye. Mahyas marriage bureau this is not a dating site, we are here to solve society’s main problem, that is to find a match and we just help you in finding match .
Enter your badoo account details to log in and chat with new people around you. Re-thinking the migration of cariban-speakers - download as pdf file (pdf), text file (txt) or read online re-thinking the migration of cariban-speakers from the middle orinoco river to north-central venezuela (ad 800) andrzej antczak bernardo urbani maria magdalena antczak. Charallave personals woman velbert attractive, humouris, mature,open minded and ver more view profile send interested in dating girls kickas . Review blog for romance books mature young adult romance, new adult romance, adult romance, paranormal romance, fantasy romance is the one-stop site for all .
This is not a dating site, we are here to solve society's main problem, that is to find a match and we just help you in finding match rest will be left on allah's decision we have educated and mature proposals, we highly appreciate the families to contact us, mature sensible individuals are also welcome. Charallave's best free dating site 100% free online dating for charallave singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in charallave looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with.
In 2004 the Zambian government issued Zambian Safari Operators with new 10 year lease agreements for the magnificent Game Management Areas of Zambia. As a young professional hunter I had always been under the employ of another Safari Outfitter BUT it was in 2004 that I established my name and company, SafariBwana, in the great wilderness of Zambia. make no mistake, I had wandered the great Kafue Moimbo from age 5 while I cut my teeth as an avid apprentice in the hot dry Mopanis of the Luangwa Valley. By age 17 I had hunted every species Zambia had to offer and seen much of this magnificent country.
Today I am more concerned with conserving what I grew up knowing back then, something which is hard to find amongst Zambian PH's, mostly because they are all newcomers or foreigners.
Ashoka Samrat Episode 34-35 Update on Wednesday 17th October 2018 - Ghana TV Updates on Chakravartin Ashoka Samrat 20th March 2015 Written Update
CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwire - July 19, 2007) - Husky Energy (TSX:HSE) advises that on July 19, 2007 at 3:40 am (EST) the refinery lost electrical power to a portion of the plant due to a small fire in an electrical substation on the refinery site. There were no employee or contractor injuries resulting from this incident. With good preventative measures and a quick response by refinery personnel, the fire was limited to the substation. Upon initial observation, there appears to be no other damage to the refinery.
The refinery is currently operating at approximately 25 percent of capacity, and Husky has put in place insurance for the facility. Personnel are in the process of assessing damage to the electrical substation and determining when the refinery will return to normal production.
Husky Energy is a Canadian based integrated energy and energy-related company headquartered in Calgary, Alberta. Husky Energy is a publicly traded company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol HSE.
CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwire - April 27, 2009) - "The global economic turmoil and instability in the financial market has continued into the first quarter of 2009," said Mr. John C.S. Lau, President & Chief Executive Officer of Husky Energy Inc. (TSX:HSE) "Despite the reduced global economic activity, which has directly impacted commodity prices and the demand for energy, Husky continued to achieve positive results in earnings and cash flow in the first quarter of 2009. The South China Sea appraisal and development program at Liwan is positively positioning the Company for sustained growth while the East Coast satellite tie-back project is progressing well with production on schedule for late 2009 - early 2010."
Husky Energy Inc. reported net earnings of $328 million or $0.39 per share (diluted) in the first quarter of 2009, compared to $888 million or $1.05 per share (diluted) in the same quarter of 2008. Cash flow from operations in the first quarter was $565 million or $0.67 per share (diluted), compared with $1,538 million or $1.81 per share (diluted) in the same quarter of 2008. Sales and operating revenues, net of royalties, were $3.7 billion in the first quarter of 2009, compared with $5.1 billion in the first quarter of 2008.
Commodity prices remained weak in the first quarter of 2009. Crude oil (WTI) averaged U.S. $43.08 per barrel in the quarter compared to U.S. $97.90 in the first quarter of 2008. Natural gas (NYMEX) averaged U.S. $4.89 per million british thermal units compared to U.S. $8.03 per million british thermal units in the first quarter of 2008. During the first quarter of 2009, the New York Harbour 3:2:1 crack spread averaged U.S. $10.15 per barrel compared to U.S. $9.34 in the same quarter of the prior year.
Husky remains in a strong financial position. Total long-term debt, including current portion and bank operating loans at March 31, 2009 was $2,264 million compared with $1,957 million at December 31, 2008. Due to high 2008 earnings that are taxable in 2009, cash taxes paid in the first quarter were $697 million and for the remainder of the year are estimated to be $770 million. Debt to cash flow ratio and debt to capital employed ratio at March 31, 2009 remained low at 0.5 and 13.5 percent respectively. To increase the Company's financial flexibility and to access the U.S. debt markets, Husky filed a U.S. $3 billion debt shelf prospectus with the Alberta Securities Commission and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in February 2009.
Capital expenditure guidance of $2.6 billion in 2009 has been focused on those projects with the highest potential for returns and future growth. In the first quarter of 2009, spending on capital projects was $738 million compared to $868 million in the first quarter of 2008. As market conditions improve, the Company is in a position to increase its capital program.
Total production in the first quarter of 2009 averaged 342,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared with 350,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter of 2008. Total crude oil and natural gas liquids production was 250,100 barrels per day, compared with 251,700 barrels per day in the first quarter of 2008. Natural gas production was 551.2 million cubic feet per day compared with 590.4 million cubic feet per day in the same period of 2008. Gas production was lower mainly due to planned delays in drilling and tie-ins, and flow line restrictions.
Work progress continues on the Sunrise Oil Sands Project. Approval of the project application amendments was received in the first quarter of 2009. The project is currently in an optimization phase to simplify its scope and take advantage of the recent downturn in the demand for goods and services. At the Tucker Oil Sands Project, organizational and operational integration with the Company's heavy oil and gas business unit continued through the first quarter of 2009. Oil sands production will not be ramping up quickly until there is improvement in the oil price.
In Western Canada, Husky's proposed CO2 Injection in Heavy Oil Reservoirs Project has received support from the Government of Canada. The project involves the capture and processing of CO2, and injection into nearby heavy oil reservoirs. Husky and its partner, Petroleum Technology Alliance of Canada (PTAC), are undertaking the work to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions from the Husky Lloydminster complex and increase the recovery of heavy oil from the Company's nearby fields.
In the East Coast of Canada, the White Rose satellite development has progressed on schedule. The GSF Grand Banks drilling rig commenced work on two North Amethyst development wells in the quarter. The North Amethyst tie-back is on schedule and is expecting first production in late 2009 - early 2010.
Offshore Newfoundland and Labrador, Husky and its partner have made a discovery in the Flemish Pass Basin. Hydrocarbons were encountered while drilling the deepwater Mizzen prospect (Exploration License 1049), located approximately 500 kilometres north-east of St. John's, Newfoundland. Further analysis of the well results will be undertaken to determine the commercial development potential. Husky's working interest in this discovery is 35 percent.
In February of 2009, Husky successfully drilled and tested the first appraisal well, Liwan 3-1-2, at the Liwan discovery field on Block 29/26 in the South China Sea. Front end engineering design will commence in 2009 with first production targeted in the 2012 - 2013 timeframe. Drilling on the second appraisal well, Liwan 3-1-3, continued and the well test result is expected in late April.
The health and safety of Husky's employees, contractors and the public is of paramount importance to the Company. On March 12, 2009 a Cougar helicopter carrying contractors for two production facilities experienced mechanical difficulties and ditched into the Atlantic Ocean, offshore Newfoundland, resulting in a tragic loss of life. The helicopter company and authorities are ascertaining appropriate due diligence for resumption of helicopter service. In addition, Husky and the other east coast operators have established a due diligence process regarding the resumption of helicopter service to the Companys' offshore facilities.
The Midstream segment achieved a strong operational performance in the first quarter. The Lloydminster Upgrader operated at 93 percent of design capacity and set a new record for throughput in the month of February with zero downtime.
Total U.S. and Canadian refining throughput reached 236,600 barrels per day compared to 171,800 barrels per day in the same quarter of 2008. The U.S. refineries continued to run at rates to optimize product mix, maximizing refinery profitability.
Results in the U.S. Refining and Marketing business in the first quarter of 2009 improved over the fourth quarter of 2008. Net earnings in the U.S. were $23 million compared to a loss of $535 million in the prior quarter. The Toledo Refinery, in which Husky acquired a 50 percent working interest on March 31, 2008, is continuing with the Continuous Catalyst Regeneration Reformer Project. This is expected to improve gasoline and yield flexibility and bring the refinery in compliance with pending benzene regulatory standards. Husky and its partner have established a project team to define the scope for the repositioning of the refinery to process bitumen from the joint venture Sunrise Oil Sands Project.
A full copy of Husky's first quarter report to shareholders, including management's discussion and analysis and the financial statements and notes (unaudited) can be obtained at www.huskyenergy.com/investorrelations/quarterlyreports.
Certain statements in this document are forward-looking statements or information (collectively "forward-looking statements"), within the meaning of the applicable securities legislation. Any statements that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as: "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimated," "intend," "plan," "projection," "could," "vision," "goals," "objective" and "outlook") are not historical facts and may be forward-looking and may involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. In particular, the forward-looking statements in this document include: Husky's general strategic plans; the 2009 capital expenditure guidance; estimated cash taxes payable for the remainder of 2009; East Coast production plans; oil sands development and production plans; expected results from the CO2 Injection in Heavy Oil Reservoirs Project; planned analysis of the Mizzen prospect well results; Southeast Asia drilling, development and production plans; and expected results from the Continuous Catalyst Regeneration Reformer Project. Although Husky believes that the expectations reflected by the forward-looking statements presented in this document are reasonable, Husky's forward-looking statements have been based on assumptions and factors concerning future events that may prove to be inaccurate. Those assumptions and factors are based on information currently available to Husky about itself and the businesses in which it operates. Information used in developing forward-looking statements has been acquired from various sources including third party consultants, suppliers, regulators and other sources. Husky's Annual Information Form and other documents filed with securities regulatory authorities (accessible through the SEDAR website www.sedar.com and the EDGAR website www.sec.gov) describe the risks, material assumptions and other factors that could influence actual results and which are incorporated herein by reference. Except as required by applicable securities laws, Husky disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Husky Energy Inc. will host a conference call for analysts and investors on Tuesday, April 28, 2009, at 4:15 p.m. Eastern time to discuss Husky's first quarter results. To participate please dial 1-800-319-4610 beginning at 4:05 p.m. Eastern time.
Mr. John C.S. Lau, President & Chief Executive Officer, and other officers will be participating in the call.
A live audio webcast of the conference call will be available, for approximately 90 days, via Husky's website, www.huskyenergy.com, under Investor Relations.
To view graphs of the first quarter results, please click on the following link: http://media3.marketwire.com/docs/427hse1.pdf.
[an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive]
Since its foundation in New York in 1887, the Italy-America Chamber of Commerce has been devoted to fostering trade, tourism, investments and economic cooperation between Italy and the United States.
Independent, private, not-for-profit US Corporation, this organization is affiliated with the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America and with AssoCamereEstero, the association of the Italian Chambers of Commerce abroad that represents more than 70 Chambers all over the world.
The Italy – America Chamber of Commerce brings together entrepreneurs and businesses with the goal of assisting its members by supplying relevant business contacts as well as a possibility of interaction with government agencies, trade associations and international organizations both in the United States and in Italy.
One of the Chamber’s roles is to provide assistance and training for future generations of managers and entrepreneurs: this is attained through the IACC J-1 Visa Exchange Visitor Program as well as the Young Executive Committee’s activities.
On June 26th, 2018, at the Italian Consulate General in New York (690 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10065), the Law Firm Loconte and Partners will provide a free overview about the most recent investment trends in Italy, with a specific focus on high value real estate assets, art and luxury items. Moreover, there will be an explanation on how the gift tax and inheritance tax would apply on the transfer of wealth between the United States and Italy. Time: 5:30 PM – 8 PM, Eastern Time.
Speakers: Alessandro Negri Della Torre (member of the global wealth management team at Loconte & Partners, New York office) and Angela Cordasco (Italian Lawyer, member of the Law Firm Loconte & Partners from 2014. Since July 2016, she has been managing the Firm’s London branch).
Description: Manual pumps are designed to create head flow of hydraulic oil, usually for activation of a hydraulic cylinder. They can be double acting for single and double acting cilinder.
Construction: The pumps consist of a body made of cast iron EN-GJL300 and a piston made of carburized steel with chrome plating.
In order to view the price lists you have to be logged in. If you are a new customer you can sign in here.
This device provides for the dressing and treating of seeds before sowing making them pest , insects resistant. The seed dressing drum is fabricated from a galvanized iron sheet or plastic and is mounted on an angle iron frame. It has a sliding gate through which seed and chemicals can be loaded or unloaded. A handle is provided to rotate the drum manually.
When I was 6 years old, I was taken to Longleat National Park in the UK, where our car got attacked by monkeys, chased by lions, and gazed at by giraffes. I recall desperately wanting to pat and feed the giraffes; those tall, magnificent, doe-eyed, beautiful monsters. I also remember feeling like a Lilliputian in front of them, but they are so adorable that their sheer largeness didn’t scare me. I was smaller than the leg of an adult giraffe, and fed them however I could, sitting on the shoulders of my uncle. Pretty awesome.
So when I read that you can go to Giraffe Manor in Nairobi, where you might get woken up by a giraffe tongue in your ear, I was strangely excited about the concept.
Located in the Langata suburb, the Manor spans an area of 140 acres, and has 6 bedrooms for rent. The area is inundated with dozens of giraffes and the Manor’s windows are made so that the giraffe can let his neck in for breakfast. After the first jolt you’ll get facing a giraffe for breakfast, getting used to the idea will certainly make it the most pleasurable and unique part of the day. Giraffes are harmless herbivores, so you really have nothing to worry about.
The history of the place is interesting as the Manor used to be the house of people who spent a large part of their lives working for the cause of endangered wildlife in Africa. The family started the African Fund for Endangered Wildlife and the Giraffe Center, and now run the Giraffe Manor. Each room costs $275-360, but that includes all meals with wine, alcoholic beverages, a sight-seeing vehicle, entrance to the Giraffe Center, and taxes, so it’s not a bad deal for doing once. The Manor’s website has a cool picture gallery, check it out here.
Sometimes the creativity that blistering hot weather breeds is truly mind-boggling: Pallazo Versace Hotel has decided to create a temperature controlled beach extending out and around its new hotel in Dubai, so that the “top people” (ugh) don’t burn their feet.
“We will suck the heat out of the sand to keep it cool enough to lie on,” says Soheil Abedian, president of Palazzo Versace. Of course, it’s “pure luxury” that the super rich want. REALLY!?
Climate change, eco-tourism, environment, throw them all out the window and you get Dubai, money, and ludicrous.
They’re going to put heat-absorbing pipes under the sand, refrigerate the hotel swimming pool, and have giant air coolers to keep the guests cool in Dubai’s scorching 104F-122F summer heat. The thermostats used in the system will be computer controlled. The hotel is planned to be ready by 2010.
Call it competition, call it thrill, call it whack-job, call it destructive tourism for the filthy rich; do these “top people” for whom this barbarity is being created, care? What is the point? Oh tourism $$$ of course!
Well, environmentalists are more than shrugging: “Dubai is like a bubble world where the things that are worrying the rest of the world, like climate change, are simply ignored so that people can continue their destructive lifestyles,” says Rachael Noble of Tourism Concern. I share the disgust in that statement.
Whether it will actually happen or not is another question, but they way things are here, there leaves little room for doubt.
I am not a saint, nor am I an environmentalist, nor do I do any important activity other than recycle. But when I read stuff like this, as numb as I think I am to crazy Dubai deeds, it always gets the better of me and I fail to understand why I live here. I’m waiting for this bubble to explode. Will it ever?
This is definitely one of the most innovative promotions I have seen coming out of Dubai: 3-star Arabian Park Hotel in Dubai is offering free meals to anyone who has lost their job because of the credit crunch.
The promotion is not only open to Dubai residents, but anyone in the world who has been fired. All you have to do is bring your redundancy letter with you as proof, and you will have access to a buffet breakfast, lunch, or dinner.
It’s their way of adding “festive cheer” to those unfortunate to have lost their jobs in this down period. The offer is open to those unemployed after November 1, and will run from December 15-January 15, 2009. Guests that decide to take advantage of the offer can bring friends and family, but they will have to pay for their meals. Only one such meal will be permitted per person, although I’m not sure how they will control that.
Although Dubai is trying to show that it doesn’t have economy problems, that is far from the truth. Most companies are laying off hundreds of people, while others have frozen hiring.
As good intentioned as the promotion is, of course the hotel is doing it to attract more customers and perhaps make some money on the guests that the jobless people bring with them. Also, depending on the number of people who show up, the hotel thinks it will make interesting reporting statistics.
Losing a job can be quite traumatic, and I’m not sure I’d want to go to a restaurant where I’d be surrounded by other jobless people. It would probably more depressing that anything else. I have a few close friends who have lost their jobs, and I don’t have the guts to suggest going to this promotion.
I’d certainly be interested to see how many people go and also, what type of people will go. Knowing Dubai a bit, I have a feeling it will be more of the blue-collar workers and single unemployed men, but who knows?
Browsing through YouTube last night (taking advantage of it before it gets blocked here in Dubai, just like Flickr is), I came across this astounding video that some lucky travelers at Kruger National Park in South Africa were eye witnesses to. It has been viewed over 39 million times and has almost 43,000 comments.
They have managed to get live footage of a baby water buffalo being caught by a group of 6 lions, and then of over a 100 buffaloes being summoned to come save the baby and fight off the lions. Amazing. It’s a wonderful demonstration of how “animal-families” stick together to help each other survive in the wilderness. It’s about 8 1/2 minutes long, but well worth the watch. From the 4:40 mark onwards, it’s gold. You will find yourself cheering for the buffaloes as they make the lion kings look like scared and meek deers. There is an attack scene of a few seconds, but it’s not gory, so don’t worry about seeing anything hard on the eyes. A must, must watch.
Apparently, altitudes and changes in air pressure can temporarily cause psychological changes in a person. If the passenger is drinking alcohol, the effects can be enhanced for the same reason. As a result, there have been other terrible and embarrassing air rage cases like:
beating up the crew (pinching, slapping, burning with cigarettes, attacking with broken wine bottle glasses), and
A recent study by the Civil Aviation Authority and the Department for Transport (UK) was published in the Daily Mail, and says that cases of air rage have increased four-fold over the past four years. Some startling facts from the report:
The number of reported incidents of violence towards cabin crew nearly doubled from 2006/07 to 2007/08.
But the best (and most surprising) news? During 2007-08, no case was reported in which disruptive behavior contributed to an aviation accident.
Any sort of aggression and violence on air crafts is unacceptable, but how can they be controlled? Limit the service of alcohol? Re-introduce a smoker area on board? Hand out nicotine patches to smokers?
Luckily, other than the odd grumpy complaining passenger, I have never experienced a case of air rage. Have you? What happened? How was it handled? Tell us in the comments section!
"Yes, you can vote for Craig Ford and still vote a straight party ticket. Here’s how…" - Rep. Craig Ford
SA Rugby President, Mr Mark Alexander, on Tuesday congratulated the Springbok Sevens squad on winning the HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series for the second consecutive season.
The record-breaking Blitzbok team of Neil Powell landed in Cape Town on Tuesday with the World Series trophy after the clinched the series in dramatic fashion in Paris on Sunday.
“This was an exceptional performance by our squad, who refused to stop believing and kept on fighting, literally until the very last match of the series,” said Mr Alexander.
“We are immensely proud of them and South Africa should be too. The Blitzboks are a leading light in team culture based on respect, humility and shows the country that there is strength in diversity.
“They have been true ambassadors for the country and again represented SA Rugby on the world stage with distinction and grace. Even when injuries robbed them of experienced players, Neil Powell and his management backed their structures and gave younger players a chance to show their worth.
“This is a true reward for our sevens programme and I want to congratulate all involved in this record-breaking effort.”
The back-to-back series victories were a first for the Springbok Sevens. It was also the third time the Blitzboks had won the World Series, after they were also crowned champions for the first time in the 2008/09 season.
The Blitzboks clinched the World Series on Sunday when they successfully defended their HSBC Paris Sevens crown to cap a year highlighted by the team's consistency and excellence.
South Africa won the Dubai and Paris legs of the 10-tournament series and finished in the top four in the remaining eight, played in iconic cities all over the world. They were runners up in Sydney, Hamilton and London, won bronze in Cape Town, Vancouver and Hong Kong and placed fourth in Las Vegas and Singapore.
The Blitzboks edged Olympic gold medallists, Fiji, by two points on the final standings, finishing on 182 points topping the log. Fiji (180) and 2018 Commonwealth Games gold medal winners, New Zealand (150) also made the podium.
The family of VhaVenda King Mphephu Ramabulana held a media conference at the Royal house to address the VBS saga and other related issues.
Family Spokesperson of Ntsieni Ramabulana said his majesty is committed into working with reserve bank in solving matters affecting the VBS Mutual Bank and his people.
The Kings Drive's SPHEctacula, DJ Naves and Nomfundo Clarissa went head to head on the first The Kings Drive Cook Off.
The task team investigating political killings in the province says it’s looking for two suspects who might solve the murder of Sibusiso Sithole.
The 39-year-old was shot and killed at Victoria Street in Richmond, in the midlands by two unknown men who accosted him while he was opening the door of his vehicle.
Discover More Options & Savings on Bouwkamp 24 Bar Stool (Set of 2) byRed Barrel Studio - Bar Furniture furniture Right Now To Provide A High End Really feel To Your House!, Complete all of those other space with stunning Bouwkamp 24 Bar Stool (Set of 2) byRed Barrel Studio - Bar Furniture furniture, You will get more details about Bouwkamp 24 Bar Stool (Set of 2) byRed Barrel Studio - Bar Furniture furniture, Search many Bouwkamp 24 Bar Stool (Set of 2) byRed Barrel Studio - Bar Furniture furniture and wayfair - Bar Furniture furniture, such as oversized home furniture, We have a great selection of household furniture for any kind of house. Save Money. Live Much better. Everyday cost savings on quality - Bar Furniture furniture. Everyday Affordable Prices on an Amazing Choice. Leading Manufacturers & Top Quality, Distinctive Styles, Exceptional Service, Save up to 70Percent, Fast Delivery and More. Check out this offer and big selection on Bouwkamp 24 Bar Stool (Set of 2) byRed Barrel Studio - Bar Furniture furniture. Read more for Bouwkamp 24 Bar Stool (Set of 2) byRed Barrel Studio - Bar Furniture furniture
Arguably the most crucial piece of furniture (especially throughout christmas) may be the household furniture. Be it anchored in the forefront within an open house or placed in the center of a formal home furniture, the house furnishings are a conference spot and a focal point. But past being a standout furniture piece, the house furniture must be durable as a rock and roll, comfortably accommodating and, in some instances, even versatile in shape and size.
If you are taking a wooden home furniture, always go for hardwood such as mahogany, walnut, maple, oak, or teak wood rather than composite wood, including plyboard, hard wood hues and MDF (Medium Denseness Fiberboard). And while designed forest such as MDF that is a mixture of hard and soft wooden pieces which have been compressed into board form are long lasting, theyre less powerful and sturdy as hardwood. And while MDF, may be stable sufficient for a while, hardwood is much more more durable. 1 crucial fact to keep in mind is the fact that tables with removable legs frequently tend be made of fiberboards, a material made from pressed wooden leftovers. Its a bad choice for the lengthy-operate, but if youll make use of the table only occasionally (or you transfer frequently) then it can make feeling to go with fiberboard. For those of you looking for some thing beyond conventional hardwood, we like the look of galvanized steel, grainy marbled, or molded plastic material.
The key things to consider when choosing plastic home furniture seats are the types and styles of plastic home furniture seats, the types of plastic used in producing the chairs, the chair and desk measurements, and additional uses for the chairs. The most important action would be to first determine the correct size seat needed for the table. The table and seats must be properly matched up. Subsequent, select the kind and elegance of seat to fit the rooms decor. A more modern decor might use the Panton Utes Seat to create a stylish statement. A classical design could include Louis Ghost armchairs and Victoria Ghosting aspect chairs. Many plastic house furnitures may also be used as house furnitures too. Whatever the style or intended effect, offers a varied variety of plastic material home furniture seats for just about any spending budget, decor, or taste. eBays substantial listings mirror the increasing popularity and cost of plastic household furniture seats.
Some people have a legitimate reason to feel depressed, but not me. I just woke up one day feeling sad and helpless for absolutely no reason.
It's disappointing to feel sad for no reason. Sadness can be almost pleasantly indulgent when you have a way to justify it - you can listen to sad music and imagine yourself as the protagonist in a dramatic movie. You can gaze out the window while you're crying and think "This is so sad. I can't even believe how sad this whole situation is. I bet even a reenactment of my sadness could bring an entire theater audience to tears."
But my sadness didn't have a purpose. Listening to sad music and imagining that my life was a movie just made me feel kind of weird because I couldn't really get behind the idea of a movie where the character is sad for no reason.
Essentially, I was being robbed of my right to feel self pity, which is the only redeeming part of sadness.
Standing around feeling sorry for myself was momentarily exhilarating, but I grew tired of it quickly. "That will do," I thought. "I've had my fun, let's move on to something else now." But the sadness didn't go away.
But trying to use willpower to overcome the apathetic sort of sadness that accompanies depression is like a person with no arms trying to punch themselves until their hands grow back. A fundamental component of the plan is missing and it isn't going to work.
When I couldn't will myself to not be sad, I became frustrated and angry. In a final, desperate attempt to regain power over myself, I turned to shame as a sort of motivational tool.
But, since I was depressed, this tactic was less inspirational and more just a way to oppress myself with hatred.
And that made me even more sad, and so on and so forth until the only way to adequately express my sadness was to crawl very slowly across the floor.
The self-loathing and shame had ceased to be even slightly productive, but it was too late to go back at that point, so I just kept going. I followed myself around like a bully, narrating my thoughts and actions with a constant stream of abuse.
I spent months shut in my house, surfing the internet on top of a pile of my own dirty laundry which I set on the couch for "just a second" because I experienced a sudden moment of apathy on my way to the washer and couldn't continue. And then, two weeks later, I still hadn't completed that journey. But who cares - it wasn't like I had been showering regularly and sitting on a pile of clothes isn't necessarily uncomfortable. But even if it was, I couldn't feel anything through the self hatred anyway, so it didn't matter. JUST LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE.
Slowly, my feelings started to shrivel up. The few that managed to survive the constant beatings staggered around like wounded baby deer, just biding their time until they could die and join all the other carcasses strewn across the wasteland of my soul.
I just drifted around, completely unsure of what I was feeling or whether I could actually feel anything at all.
If my life was a movie, the turning point of my depression would have been inspirational and meaningful. It would have involved wisdom-filled epiphanies about discovering my true self and I would conquer my demons and go on to live out the rest of my life in happiness.
Instead, my turning point mostly hinged upon the fact that I had rented some movies and then I didn't return them for too long.
The late fees had reached the point where the injustice of paying any more than I already owed outweighed my apathy. I considered just keeping the movies and never going to the video store again, but then I remembered that I still wanted to re-watch Jumanji.
I put on some clothes, put the movies in my backpack and biked to the video store. It was the slowest, most resentful bike ride ever.
Just as I was debating whether I should settle on a movie that wasn't Jumanji or go home and stare in abject silence, I noticed a woman looking at me weirdly from a couple rows over.
She was probably looking at me that way because I looked really, really depressed and I was dressed like an eskimo vagrant.
Normally, I would have felt an instant, crushing sense of self-consciousness, but instead, I felt nothing.
I've always wanted to not give a fuck. While crying helplessly into my pillow for no good reason, I would often fantasize that maybe someday I could be one of those stoic badasses whose emotions are mostly comprised of rock music and not being afraid of things. And finally - finally - after a lifetime of feelings and anxiety and more feelings, I didn't have any feelings left. I had spent my last feeling being disappointed that I couldn't rent Jumanji.
And that's how my depression got so horrible that it actually broke through to the other side and became a sort of fear-proof exoskeleton.
This has brought me to tears. Thank you. Thank you thank you thank you. I first felt like the first half of the comic and after reading it I'm gonna go for a bike ride and buy a ton of skittles (I still won't touch a spider though.)
Unfortunately I haven't had any meaningful arguments with myself in a long time. It sucks because they are some of the only ones that I can win.
Glad that you could talk about your depression in your very own way and even more glad to see you back.
I lived through 10 years of alcoholism/abusive marriage/eating disorder/self-loathing and came through the other side stronger, happier, and more fucking bad-ass than ever. You will do the same. Those of us in 'The League Of Funny Bitches' are bitches for a reason. We look the world in the eye and say "What the hell...might as well laugh at this shit." Hnag in there, girl.
I really missed your posts. I'm sorry you're struggling with depression and I hope you find something that helps.
Sad to say I can relate to this and it made me sob slightly! Glad you came out the other side though.
This is so thoroughly accurate. Thank you so much for sharing. I'm so glad I'm not the only one to experience this. I hope your new mood lasts <3
Did you become a rainbow after eating all of those Skittles? It'd be like Arnold with those seaweed carrot snacks from The Magic School Bus, except, instead of orange...you'd be ALL THE COLORS OF THE WIND!
hahaha touch a spider. I'm super excited to see a blog post from you again! Sorry you're going through this but you can do anything! :)
I read your wonderful words and love your wonderful pictures, and I look at your startlingly lovely face and aspect on your youtube videos and think, oh, what a fine human being is this.
I was trying to be depressed. You totally ruined it for me. Thanks "alot" and also Thank You Allie! You are my favorite!
I can so totally relate. I'm sorry you've been struggling also, but the way you put it is so....true. And funny. And poignant. Plus the drawings are so adorable. I've been on the other side of self-hatred, too, and it feels great after being so sad and helpless. I hope your vibrancy and love of life returns!
Depression is a bitch! I suffered from postpartum depression after I had my daughter and it was awful.
Oh, Allie, I'm so sorry you've been suffering so much. I'm glad you're doing better and I hope you stay better. Sometimes there is no rhyme or reason to depression. Hang in there. The entire Internet thinks you're awesome, so please know that you are.
This is great Allie- It was well worth waiting for, it's a feeling we've all been through. Real life... hope you're feeling better though- I look forward to the book and more posts!
I could have written this post, only I don't think I ever got to the "Nothing can do anything to me" stage. It sounds like a fun stage, I'm kind of sad I missed it. I want to not give a fuck.
You are awesome. Mostly because you put a voice to things tons of people feel. When people get all judgey and weird because getting out of my bed and off the internet seems akin to climbing Mount Everest, I can say "Go read this and then you'll get it, you feeler of feelings that don't suck."
I just wanted to tell you that you are not alone. I felt every single one of these feelings as you described them now, just like I felt them when they were happening to me too. I am glad you broke through to the other side, but don't EVER EVER EVER be ashamed to seek help. Even if you just find someone to talk to for a little bit. That third party, objective viewpoint is kind of nice sometimes. Hang in there Ali!!!
I have the same sort of problem. Depression + social anxiety = a lot of sitting around feeling sorry for myself. I currently have 4 different piles of clothing laying in two different rooms because I ran out of dryer sheets like a week ago, and can't even make it to the dollar store that's like a block away. *le sigh*
Depression summarised in a comic strip. Never thought it possible until now. Sorry to hear you weren't feeling so great!
Yup, what they all said. Except about it being sad, because it is a lot of other things, but not sad.
2) Poor, sweet baby. There, there. *Hugs in noncreepy way* I'm so glad you were able to break out of that. Fuck 'em with Skittles if they can't take a joke.
Been there, done that! And your description of the not-good-experience made me happy for quite a few minutes.
Depression is a rotten thing to go through- I've been there myself. Ugh. I'd rather stick my head in nest of fire ants than go through THAT again.
I love, love, love this, and I am glad you are feeling better. I have felt like you felt many times before. This summer a friend introduced me to Marc Maron. Have you heard of him? You should listen to his podcasts about depression. Good stuff!
I'm not glad you're feeling like me, but I'm glad that someone else can sympathize with me. It's Halloween season for Chrissakes, I can't even muster enough excitement to eat hordes of candy.
I can totally identify. I sometimes get sad with no reason and then I get mad at myself which makes nothing better. I don't understand why it happens but then it goes away and I'm ok again until the next time. This is a really good description of how that feels. Thank you.
I have recently been here too. (And maybe am there a little bit today). I'm pretty sure I've had that exact same eskimo vagrant outfit on, actually.
i'm going through the same thing. also, i live in a two-story apartment and someone still managed to steal my bike. off of the balcony. life. <3
I like how it was totally sad at first and made me want to sniffle, but ended with me laughing. I love your honesty and humour, and I'd say writing a blog post and making jokes about it shows you're pretty well on the way to recovery! A lot of us can empathise with suffering from depression, and we all wish you the best of luck. :)
"trying to use willpower to overcome the apathetic sort of sadness that accompanies depression is like a person with no arms trying to punch themselves until their hands grow back."
I'm really sorry to read you've been depressed.. I've been wondering where you were. I hope with enough skittles and invincibility you can return to your old self. I'm in a similar place, good luck. ♥
Wow, I'm actually going through this myself for a while. Kudos to you, Allie, and for really making depression into something a little more understandable.
That was a perfect depiction of a depressive episode. There has been a pile of folded clean clothes on my couch for about a week now. I randomly move them around so I can lay with the dogs on the couch but the idea of moving them all of the way to my dresser is just too exhausting. Hope you are feeling better. :)
Aww! Actually very inspirational. I love the 'load me up' picture and the last picture. Both are amazing.
That's how my depression makes me feel. Except invincible only lasts when it's a mind game and not when someone is kicking your ass.
Yup. Very glad to see a new post from you! Hope you didn't actually touch any spiders. You never know were they've been.
I mean, I knew I was depressed, but the untouchable godlike part, I just realized that that's how it ended, right now, while reading this.
I've been depressed since then, for brief periods, but nothing like that one time. Thank God for untouchable exoskeletons.
I hope you never go through that again, of course, because it sucks, but I'm still glad you posted about it in such a glorious way.
YAYAYAY! The ending was so awesome. That picture at the end was indescribably amazing. I now know what my desktop background for the next decade is going to be :D
Ohhh my gosh. Thank you so much for this post. I'm battling the same kind of thing. & it's comforting to know that there'll be a light at the end of the tunnel.
Welcome back Allie! I've been depressed before, and I know that it is no fun. I'm glad you got through it!
Glad you're back! And congrats on the beating depression/becoming invincible to painful emotions thing!
Having had two separate bouts of depression during my teens I'm well pleased how much this made me giggle - I Love You Super-Bunches.
Allie, I want to give you like a thousand million hugs. Thank you for opening up about your depression- most of us readers don't know you personally, but we care about you!
Loved this post, and have to say I've been there, and it made me laugh because I've had those feelings too, from beginning to end. I hope you defeat your depression monster, and I look forward to more from you whenever you can! :)
Happy for the new post. Sad that it's delay was caused by life-crushing depression. Depression is so illogical sometimes. Glad you found that magic key that unlocked the code to regaining your life.
It's sad, but I have to ask due to personal experience...did Boyfriend make it through with you? Is he still here?
We're rooting for you, Allie. Think of it as thousands of hugs from strangers. I mean...thousands of strange hugs. I mean...thousands of strange huggers. I mean...you know what I mean.
I find the mania part of my bipolar causes me to not give a crap and buy all the skittles. I truly do wish you the best in this struggle. Remember, no one would tell you just to get over cancer.
Helloooo, horrid experience in college. Glad you're back, Allie. Keep riding that bike forward and don't look back. :)
Thanks for this post and for broaching a sensitive subject in a unique way. You hit that balance between deeply uncomfortable and hilarious. Glad you are back.
Well, at least neither of us are wandering that emotional landscape alone. Thanks for writing this (he typed, looking at the open bag of Reese's halloween candy that's going into his mouth vs. those of neighborhood wandering tot-looters). And hugs and well-wishes and such and so on. ;)
SO SO SO SO happy you're back! Big hugs and lots of love - congrats for kicking depression's ass. Is there anything Skittles can't do?
It's so great to see you posting again. This really touched a nerve with me, as I have been battling depression myself. Thank you for posting this and giving people some deeper understanding of how it feels.
oh my god, you are writing about my life, down to every detail. especially the part about the late movies.
Super insidious, depression. You know exactly what to do to feel better, but doing any of those things seems utterly overwhelming. Believe or not, the best antidepressant for me is the ADD medication. Makes things seem possible again.
YOU ARE AWESOME. If you were in my real life I would hug you a lot. You are hilarious and even your post about depression was adorable and hilarious and crushingly sad because you do not deserve to be sad, you deserve to be happy a lot, and you are so talented at getting across your feelings through your posts. It feels weird to say that your post about depression was funny and cute but I think that just shows how talented you are at communicating your life. I hope things get amazing for you and you feel joy and eat every last skittle without even getting a stomachache!!!!!!
I'm so glad to see another post from you, but I'm sorry to hear that things haven't been going well. There's a saying in Spanish: "Mal de mucho, consuelo de tontos." Roughly translated, it means, "The fact that your suffering is shared by a lot of people is only comforting to idiots."
Sure, lots of people may be depressed, and sure, some of these people have relatively worse things going on in their lives. But that doesn't change the fact that you're in pain, and it doesn't diminish the legitimacy of your suffering. Please don't feel guilty about being depressed.
I became depressed after MOVING from New York to North Carolina in the ninth grade. I hated myself, because here I was, a middle-class kid with a great family and perfect health, and I fell all to pieces over a simple move. I felt weak and pathetic. But sometimes you get down, and when that happens there is no shame in getting help. I saw a psychologist and it really, really helped. If you're still having difficulties, please think about seeing one!
Wow. I never really understood what proper, actual depression felt like until this post. I think I've been a bit of a shit friend to my friends who have it. Soz dudes. :(
I need a shirt that says "Nothing can do anything to me." I NEED IT RIGHT. FUCKING. NOW. Or, I will stab myself through the cheek with a fork. Then at least I'll have a scar, and when people are like, "lolololol it looks like you got stabbed in the cheek with a fork" I'll be all like, "yeah, I fucking did!" All because I didn't have that shirt. YOU ARE MEEN, ALLIE!!!
You can't even know how much I needed this. I'm in the laying on laundry phase. I look forward to being Batman and not giving a fuck.
I'm so sorry you had to go through all of this. I hope you continue to improve, and thanks for sharing in such a bittersweet albeit still-kinda-funny way. Hugs to you!
Welcome back! You have brilliantly described depression - so few people understand what it can be like. Your post will change that.
this story was awesome, and it reminds me a little bit of NPH when he says: " when I'm sad, I just stop being sad and start being awesome instead!". cause that's totally what you did! ps i love you you're awesome, you can make me laugh so hard i can't stop crying.
First I was happy you posted something new, then I was sad you were depressed, then I was happy you came out of it, and now I want skittles...
So glad you're back, Allie, and at least partially without the sad monster. The sad monster can actually be great armour, especially in exoskeleton form.
I can definitely relate. At the moment, all I want to do is stay on the couch all the day and not do anything other than internet things. This may have something to do with my nerdiness, or it may also be my apathy towards my job. Which I want to quit in favour of blogging and design. But can't until I start making money.
All I can say is I'm glad I don't live somewhere where puffer jackets are a prerequisite before leaving the house.
You have officially made my day, which is just beginning seeing as I live right next to the date line :D
This made me laugh and cry all at the same time. Been there and doing that, good to hear you feel more invincible now
Also suffering from depression and will now be reposting this in an effort to get some people to understand just exactly what it feels like.
I suffer from depression too (typing this from my laundry pile of Mordor)...thanks for being brave enough to share. I am going to go drink some chocolate milk and maybe watch Jumanji.
Fantastic way to describe depression! I'm sorry you had to experience it but appreciate you sharing it. I think when brilliant, funny, intelligent people like yourself admit weakness, it makes the rest of us weaklings feel better.
I'm both scared and comforted on how you've captured what I feel right now. Except wanting to watch Jumanji and eat skittles. I ain't down with that.
That's the scariest and perhaps most beautifully heartfelt and vulnerable thing I've ever read. Thanks for creating that entry, and know that you have one more stranger rooting for you and your work in a HUGE way.
You are incredible. This is incredible. So damn insightful into Depression, wrapped up in a hilarious bow. That you can, have, and do feel these things, and can still turn it into something that had me crying with laughter? Damn, girl. You're a winner.
I feel kinda bad lolling at this, especially since I understand and know all too well just exactly how it feels.
You have an incredible gift for explaining stuff like this, it can be so hard to communicate just how truly awful it is. This could totally be a pamphlet on depression for doctors to give to people
Thanks for writing. I totally get it. <3 And I think you rock even more than I did before for sharing part of your life that isn't all that funny.
I always like it when other people talk about their depression. I feel a lot better when I know that someone else deals with similar issues. Oh yeah, WELCOME BACK!!!
why do I feel like this might be my future...I can practically feel it. Some day I will become so numb I won't give a crap. I don't know whether it's a relief or not.
Love the way you laid this all out there; lots of love to you. Keep fighting. Not giving up is still fighting.
I can't even deal with how amazing this is. I've tried to write about my depression so many times and it hasn't come close to nailing it the way you just did. Amazing.
You will never read this in the onslaught of comments in their thousands that are just about to roll in (Oh no... they're coming... AAAIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!) but this is SO. LIKE. LIFE. Depression is an evil bitch monster. And you can kick its ass.
It's bizarre that you have NEVER said anything that I couldn't relate to. Thank you for putting it in comic form...it makes things easier, somehow.
So happy you're writing again!! Surprisingly, I was just posting about your blog on Facebook - we've been talking about teachers, so I shared the Alot blog post. Just as I posted that link, your update came in with the new post, so I dropped everything to read it. Spot on with the depression - I've been through it, so has my wife and two of my kids. It's a bitch. You just have to be a bigger, badder, more awesome bitch and you win! Thank you for sharing your world with us - it makes ours so much better!!
Dude, I have so been there. Depression makes you feel as alone as a vegan at a BBQ, but seriously, other folks go through the exact same process. There's no shame in it, and there are lots of resources for dealing with it.
Yes! Totally relate! And I'm not going to tell you not to be sad or not to be depressed, because as you said, that's like an armless person punching themselves until they grow arms. Prozac is my best friend, but not everyone likes my friends, and that's okay.
I'm sorry to hear you're depressed. I know how you feel. I've been unemployed since July and just moved to a different country. Am now broke and starting to panic. I have battled bouts of depression for my entire life. I would just like to say, you certainly give me plenty of joy. And it's heartbreaking to read and see your depression, even in the very funny format you use. I wish you the best of luck. xo
I don't have words for how brilliantly spot-on this is, so the ones I used just now will have to do for now.
I'm glad you posted because I miss your posts. I've been very depressed before and argued with myself but I'm still way scared of horror movies. Enjoy your Skittles!
So sorry you are going through that - but hopefully the skittles and a barrage of horror flicks have helped you in your struggle! Oh, and touch a spider? Really? Don't do it.
Sounds familiar. Even the laundry part. Sometimes it's totally worth it to get to the not-giving-a-fuck part, though.
You are full of WIN. I'm sorry you've been having a rough time, and I totally relate to everything you said.
I think anybody that tells somebody that is depressed "You could feel better if you wanted to" should read this! It perfectly sums up the hole that depression is.
So, not to sound cliche, but this was totally me. Once I got depressed, it got to a point where I could fuck shit up and not care. I love this.
Damn. Totally been there. Haven't broken out the other side and found my exoskeleton yet. Maybe soon. Glad you're feeling better. :)
Now for seriousness...have you ever been tested for food allergies? Some food allergies can build up over time (so you weren't allergic before, but are gradually becoming so) and one of the biggest symptoms of it can be depression!
Depression and anxiety are linked. But I am glad you manged to make it out yourself, that takes a strong person.
We all missed you horribly! And if you need horror movies and skittles I can totally hook a girl up.
I'm sorry you went through such a troubled time. I really missed your posts! Hope things get better for you and that you conquer this. Love you, Allie! I'm so glad that you made a new post! :]
I am way way old and I love that you are you, just from your blog, since I would not know you if you tripped me in the aisle of your mart of choice. Thank you for this post. You explained the whole experience perfectly.
You're awesome. Just saying. And I'm glad to see that you're alive and hadn't died.... I was getting worried. Keep your head up, kiddo, things will get better!
*hug* I'm so glad to see a new post. But I'm sorry about the topic. Depression is bad enough but COMPLETELY RANDOM depression is just the universe deserving a kick in the nuts. Ride with that fear-proof exoskeleton and see where it takes you. :-)
I don't think you are super creepy, and I figure there would be worse things than being found. Unless it was being found with a spiky thing or fire.
Anyhow, just was giong to say that just the one new post makes a bunch of people all happy, so therefore you are not a bad person on the whole. I suppose there may be things you could obsess over, but in balance you use your powers for more good than evil, so there you go.
Also cannot believe that I click on this and it said 9 comments and now it is like 44, and by the time it posts it will be more, so you will likely never even see this one. And thanks for the forum by the way it is a lifesaver.
suffering from not depression but severe panic anxiety for the past 13 years, I suddenly realized through reading this that... maybe there IS a positive side and I just haven't found it. you get so darn negative about hardships that you forget about it, so, THANKS ALLY :D
this post made me truly happy and positive. I just want to find my strong point now and kick someone in the face (well... that came off wrong. maybe kick a wall in, then)
I could have sworn that you were writing about me. Especially the whole part about lying on a couch and desperately trying to get yourself to stand up and loosing that battle.
Also, fistbump for being from N. Idaho. I was born and raised in Lewiston. Don't worry. I got better.
If I can have some skittles I'll watch the scary movies with you, and stand at a safe but encouraging distance while you touch the spider. =D
I've always been amazed by your talent, Allie. Now I'm amazed by your strength. Thank you for posting this.
This is hilarious and incredibly poignant at the same time. I have to admit I got a little choked up.
I love you, Allie. I can totally relate! I'm sorry you were depressed for so long, but I'm happy you managed to exoskeleton yo' way out of it!!
I have tumors and diseases. But, am not depressed, thank goodness. Sorry you are and thanks for making me feel better, even though I didn't really need it.
I'm glad to see you're alive. And that your invicibleness did not put you in front of a car. And that you seem to be doing better? :( *hugs*
I was overwhelmingly sad for no reason today. Then I saw that there is a new Hyperbole and a Half post and I perked up. But then I saw that it is about being overwhelmingly sad for no reason. So I'm not quite sure how I feel now.
This work by Allie Brosh is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License.
The below informations is for you. Make sure you secure your details especially your password and blockchain login ID. Notify us of your personal choice. This is allowed but not compulsory. What Our Team Say “An unprecedented combination of resources and technology means that we have the tools, the knowledge invest the resources to make measurable progress towards the achievement of financial security.
What Investors Say Paint of our excited and very satified investors send in their testimonies to be posted. Read the lines below. I am happy to be an investor in this platform. I took a bold step to join and invested a lot from my savings, am glad they paid up on time.
Now my daughter can get that amazing gift i got bitcoin her wedding. Australia Big thumbs up to MW, I came across this company and my life changed. How I wish I knew about it early. I am a struggling single mother and am happy with my miniature investments.
Appreciate everything about them. Ah, great customer care too. Majken Sweden This program has really helped me and my invest. We were able to visit gold coast this year because you made bitcoin possible.
All the same, I want to say thank you. Lilian Fishburn United States Midas Wallet is helping people who don’t necessarily have the investment skills to acquire paint wealth.
As customers become more experience in forcing suppliers to provide corrective action, they will request documentation that covers the 8D approach and 5Y analysis. This article deals with the five why analysis.
The Five Why Model In theory, one can easily learn this tool. In practice, this tool is much more difficult to apply. When a problem initially occurs, we all have an immediate reaction as to the cause of that problem. However, that immediate reaction is a surface reaction only. When it comes to examining processes or systems, there are other deeper root causes for that problem. How does the 5Y tool work?
Here is a quick flow The primary root cause or key root cause directly determines the other sub root causes. When solving the problem, you focus your efforts on the key root cause. For each why question, you focus on the last sub root cause. When applying this tool, asking “why” 5 times may not be necessary. You may only need to ask “why” 3 times to come to the correct root cause.
The number 5 is an arbitrary number. The 5Y method is a process of asking why a sub root cause occurred until you reveal the key root cause.
When doing the 5Y analysis, use a team approach to determine the root causes. Document each determined sub root cause. When you identify the key root cause, be sure to positively identify that root cause on your document with a check mark or underline. Additional 5Y Actions As mention above asking “why” five times may not be sufficient, you may need to ask more than 5 times.
Once you determined the key root cause from the 5 why problem solving methodology process you are not finished with the 5 why analysis.
You need to verify that root cause. You verify the key root cause by witnessing the root cause in action. Then check to see that you duplicated the problem.
Spaces are allowed; punctuation is not allowed except for periods, hyphens, apostrophes, and underscores.
A valid e-mail address. All e-mails from the system will be sent to this address. The e-mail address is not made public and will only be used if you wish to receive a new password or wish to receive certain news or notifications by e-mail.
Note: Only GAIA meberrs can be approved memberships. Please note that you need to use your full name for the username. Otherwise we will not know that you're a GAIA member, and your account application will be rejected.
Twenty reasons why incineration is a losing financial proposition for host communities: especially in the global South
Letter on Notification of an Italian draft legislation establishing end-of-waste criteria for Solid Recovered Fuel (SRF)
Photos used in this site are owned by GAIA members and allies. For materials posted in the library, we've been making our best effort to obtain the author's permission. Please contact us if you have any questions or request on this matter.
I will be eternally grateful for all the type comments and loving letters I have received about Edward. He would have been astonished to understand he was known, much less loved, by so many great individuals everywhere in the world. For myself I am humbled and grateful. I promise to reply each letter personally. For the second, however, I’m making an attempt to simply accept and navigate Edward’s absence. It’s a lot harder than I ever would have believed. I shall return in time. For those who’ve seen a useless hen within the road, or maybe accidentally hit a hen, it might feel like a nasty sign. It might truly be a good signal, showing you that an end to turmoil or ache is coming. A useless chicken doesn’t essentially portend physical demise, but metaphorical loss of life. Maybe you are going via the heartache of a break-up. Maybe you might be struggling to find a job. This dead chicken marks the top to your search and struggle. A new starting is simply across the corner.
His upcycled art turned out to be very abstract! He was just a little upset that we didn’t have extra of the trash that the upcycled person did in the Inspiration Picture, but his love for the wax sticks and the versatility of them took his thoughts off of it. This exercise is so versatile, since you may honestly provide any kind of upcycled item – aluminum foil, buttons, toilet paper rolls, pouch caps, etc.
The sum of money you may make by promoting scrap is proscribed solely by you. If you happen to’re keen to go out and actively look for things to (legally) scrap, then you’ll stay busy and your scrap pile will develop. You also should be keen to call the scrapyards round your metropolis to match prices. It will present you why these telephone calls are so necessary.
In medieval times Devon was known for its sheep rearing. Many cities had their own wool and material industries and Newton Abbot was no exception. The streets of the town have been busy with the actions of woollen mills, dyers, spinners, fullers, weavers and tailors. Fabric manufactured right here was repeatedly shipped to Holland through Exeter. Newton Abbot prospered all through the seventeenth and 18th centuries due each to it’s profitable fabric business, and the tanneries and leather-based items manufacturers that had additionally sprung up regionally.
In 1928 Leopold Kemp, supervisor, suggested that due to elevated demand for warm sea-water baths, the disused Turkish Bathtub should be re-converted into slipper baths. The location was on the first ground, north of the corridor resulting in the primary-class slipper baths, and four extra baths might be fitted into the space. Hove Council agreed. In 1922 five dressing rooms were converted into loos because of demand.
Greenwich Academic Literature Archive - Spatial and temporal population dynamics of rodents in three geographically different regions in Africa: implication for ecologically-based rodent management
Spatial and temporal population dynamics of rodents in three geographically different regions in Africa: implication for ecologically-based rodent management
As part of a three-year study to develop ecologically-based rodent management (EBRM) in southern Africa, a capture–mark–recapture study was carried out in Tanzania, Namibia and Swaziland to establish the demographic patterns and population dynamics of rodents. Two study grids were established in each country. In Tanzania, ten species of rodents and one shrew (Crocidura sp.) were identified in the study area. The rodent species consisted of Mastomys
natalensis, Aethomys chrysophilus, Arvicanthis neumanni, Gerbilliscus vicina, Acomys spinosissimus, Lemniscomys griselda, Lemniscomys zebra, Rattus rattus, Graphiurus sp. and Mus minutoides. Mastomys natalensis was dominant and contributed more than 70% of the captures. In Namibia, five species were captured, namely Mastomys natalensis, Gerbilliscus leucogaster, Saccostomus campestris, Mus minutoides and Steatomys pratensis. Mastomys natalensis contributed about 50% of the captures. In Swaziland, only M. natalensis was captured in the study grids. There was a clear pattern in the population dynamics, with breeding confined to the wet seasons in the three countries. Mastomys natalensis was the dominant pest species, for which EBRM should focus on. The highest population density of M. natalensis occurred during and after the rains, which coincided with the most susceptible phenological stage of crops. The breeding seasonality and density fluctuations observed in the three countries conform with observations made elsewhere in Africa, which support the hypothesis
that rainfall events promote primary productivity on which murid rodents depend. Development of EBRM in these countries will be determined by the local conditions and how they influence the demographic processes of the rodent populations. EBRM should make use of the available ecological knowledge of the local rodent pest species and the focus should be on (ecological) management practices applicable at the community level including community
[1] Paper also presented at the 4th International Conference on Rodent Biology and Management (ICRBM), 12–16 April 2010, Bloemfontein, South Africa.
This site uses cookies to help provide you with the best possible browsing experience. Find out more about cookies.close
Imaginary Ocean Doora is always talking about the ocean and claims she's a mermaid. But is she really? Trance's purchase Trance goes to the slave market to buy a slave. His cousin Palfiena wonders if he'll buy a useful slave. She's afraid he might make a wrong decision. When Trance comes across a cute girl who can't speak, he'd like to buy her, much against Palfiena's wishes. She thinks he's being fooled, but Trance buys her anyway... Kianna's Tail Kianna is a mermaid of the northern ocean. She lives a peaceful life there with her friends, until a guy arrives who wishes to kill her. Karen's zippers Ever since Karen was little, she always wore clothes with a zipper. When Karen becomes an adolescent, her parents tell her she shouldn't open her zipper in front of anyone anymore. But when Karen falls in love with Rob, he discovers the zipper on her belly and opens it?? Selma's Jingle After a lot of strict music lessons, her teacher says she's finally a full fledged musician. He tells her to go share her beautiful music with other people. Selma goes to neighbouring Mokumoku kingdom to play for the royal family and their guests. Everyone loves her music and request her to play more but Selma promised her master she'd only play once a week. The prince doesn't like no for an answer though, and says he'll marry her if she plays for him...
i-APS works with organizations in the public and private sector to identify opportunities for organizational strengthening and growth. Our aim is to enhance the effectiveness of global development , by ensuring that actors are able to leverage their existing capacity and enabled to operate to their maximum potential.
i-APS can help design or update the client’s overall direction and then lay out the key actions, initiatives, and resources necessary to achieve their vision.
i-APS works with clients to expand their frame of reference beyond traditional financial and project related metrics to focus attention across critical areas of their organization.
i-APS can help remove internal bottlenecks and roadblocks by performing quick internal assessments and offering bespoke products and systems to create efficiency.
By focusing on strengthening human capacity we can help ensure that the client’s project, program, organization, or partnership works to its maximum potential and has a sustainable future.
i-APS draws upon an extensive cadre of highly skilled national staff to work hand in hand with local staff at the field level to build capacity in key areas such as monitoring and evaluation, reporting and quality assurance.
i-APS can help the client build a compelling value proposition that will inform funders, customers, investors or stakeholders how the client stands out from the rest.
Comprehensive evidence base for strengthening self-sustainable production of bread in Syria. Year 2018 ...
To learn more about i-APS’s Institutional Strengthening and Development services, please contact our Director of Institutional Strengthening and Development practice Agron Ferati at aferati@i-aps.com
i-APS provides short and long-term expert technical assistance, staff augmentation, project management, and training services.
IAASA uses cookies so that you have the best possible browsing experience on our website. If you agree that we can store and use cookies just click "Accept and Close" or you can learn more about cookies.
IAASA would like to advise anyone wishing to be authorised as a liquidator under Category 5 of Section 633 of the Companies Act 2014 to have their applications in by 1 December 2017. Please note that applicants must have acquired the relevant experience prior to 1 June 2015.
All checks or money orders should be made payable to FACCS. All payments should be sent to the following address:
1. If you have an invoice we sent you, please have it on hand as you will input the amount found in the Total field from the invoice into the Payment Amount field on the form
2. Once in the system, please select the service for which you are paying and input the invoice # if you have one.
Way back when I was in high school (over ten years ago), I loved to go out and ride my skateboard deck all over town! Those were some truly fantastic times, my friends! There were many blissful moments where you would land a fat trick that you had practicing for eons, and actually pull it off. Tantamount to that was the learning process—where some bump, scrapes, cuts, bruises, and even the occasional broken bone came into the picture. But you bit your lip, ground your teeth and kept riding. That was the skateboarding mantra: Don’t skate if you couldn’t take it.
My friends and I all adhered strictly to our skating ways, and we loved to skate away the days, especially during the summertime. Even though the heat left us dilapidated, and really made it feel like you were riding your skateboard in a sauna, nonetheless we bore the brunt of those hot summer days and kept riding. Now, years later, I have found that my passion and affinity for this sport has been renewed again. Alive it is inside of me, and one huge plus is that I have found skateboarding to be a wonderful cardio workout that is enabling me to keep my body trim and toned, as I enter the third decade of my life on this planet.
Now just getting back into this intense sport, I have realized how shoddy that I have become over the years gone by. But, with each passing day, I am slowly but surely making strides towards getting my skills back to what they once were. This time around, I am wise and always wear protective gear when riding. The last thing I need to deal with is another broken bone and some costly medical bills that mommy and daddy won’t pay for, because I am a full grown adult.
For that matter, X Games rock and sock, too! In my opinion, and for the life of me, I am unable to comprehend how skateboarding is not in the Olympics, but twirling some fancy silk batons and playing volleyball is? Go figure, right? However, that just gives all you avid skateboarders out there even more motivation to skate on.
Filed Under: Blog Tagged With: cardio, fitness, Olympics, skate, skateboard, skateboard deck, skateboarding, skating, working out, X Games
IBAZAARKATY - Affordable prices, Great choice of products, Guaranteed for quality, Secure shopping & Faster Delivery!!!
Horny Cartoon Chicks pose nude, masturbate and fucked hard till cum all over their bodies! Don't miss your Unique chance to enjoy Wicked Cartoons!
Japanese teen girl dressed in cute high school uniform loves having hot fuck with her naughty father. Freaky dad gently hugs his daughter from behind and pulls up her blouse to enjoy fondling her small cute boobies with tiny light nipples. Beautiful girl pleases her dad with smooth and deep blowjob to make his adult big dick erect hard and enjoys being passionately fucked in her teen pussy
If you are under 18 years of age or if it is illegal to view adult material in your community, please leave now. We can't be held responsible for your actions. We are not acting in any way to send you this information; you are choosing to receive it! Continuing further means that you understand and accept responsibility for your own actions, thus releasing the creators of this Web page and our service provider from all liability.
DaddysAngel3D.com is a website owned and provided by (c)Marbello S.L, Spain. 2018. All rights reserved.
Mianna Thomas' bikinis must be made out of some alien fabric. It's some kind of miracle that the weight of her 34JJ head-crushing hooters don't shred her bikini top. She struts outside to meet her date waiting in the pool, and she has every right to proudly strut because her rack is the stuff of wet-dreams. "I love my big tits," says Mianna. "I'm very proud of them. The thing about having them is all the attention." Attention is what Mianna gets when she's out and about in Las Vegas. Mianna needs her boobs carefully manhandled. After she drops her top and has them oiled, she and her pool date retreat indoors to fuck. The Las Vegas local is a very sexual girl who deserves a thorough cock-pumping. But it's not always this way for Mianna.
Support the Galveston County Fair and Rodeo by becoming a member. We have 4 levels of membership including an Individual, Family, Corporate Life and Individual Life. By purchasing a membership you will receive fair passes, have voting privileges at the General Membership Meeting held each year in June, and have Summer Series privileges.
Our annual Membership Drive is held each year from August 1st through January 31st. Memberships are not sold from February - July
If information is incorrect and you want to refresh it or have any questions about it, kindly please contact us by clicking here or via e-mail [email protected]
Elderly people are occupying some 100 beds at Landspitali University Hospital in Reykjavík, when they should really be in nursing homes, the hospital’s director says.
The director said, speaking to the hospital’s annual meeting this week, that more funding is needed to properly solve the problem. The health minister agrees.
“On this very day, there are 95 so-called abilities and health assessments, in other words those who it has been decided need to wait to go into nursing homes. These people are living in reasonable conditions but it would be much better if they were at home, as a nursing home is,” Páll Matthíasson said.
He also said that various projects are on the go to relieve the problem, including the 15 waiting-bed spaces the hospital will have access to in Akranes from mid-May, as well as the setting up of a diagnostic ward and opening of a patient guesthouse, which will open in the autumn. These and other factors will soon help to discharge patients better and faster.
“But the big problem and that which I wanted to point out, is that in the long-run close consideration needs to be given to financing of nursing services and support for the elderly. We see that until 2022, it is the health ministry’s assessment that there will be 273 more nursing places needed in the capital region than there are currently plans to build.”
According to RÚV, delays in the discharge of the elderly from hospital mean that sick people waiting for in-patient appointments are often also delayed. Health minister Óttarr Proppé says efforts are underway to increase health funding to projects other than the building of a new Landspítali hospital.
Icelandic President Guðni Th. Jóhannesson believes it was a major mistake after the 2008 banking collapse to make use of an ancient and outdated clause in the Icelandic constitution to assemble the High Court of Iceland.
The role of President of Iceland is poorly-defined in the constitution of the Republic, according to two prominent academics.
ICI maintains an international network of operatives to assist in investigations, recovery, security, bank activities, confidential guidance and assistance in dealing with arbitrage transactions.
Slovakia's ruling party wins regional elections but support shrinks after journalist's murder – Reuters: World News
Why India needs a professional association for writers and translators (like in other countries) – Scroll.in – News that matters
Protest News Updates June 1, 2018 Striking workers at Charlotte Maxeke Hospital vow to continue protesting Eyewitness News–25 minutes ago JOHANNESBURG – Striking workers at the Charlotte Maxeke Academic Hospital say they will continue with their protest until their demands are met. The health … myndnow.com…
Protest News Updates May 31, 2018 Trade Union Protests Postal staff unions warn of nationwide hunger strike 31.5.2018 BusinessLine – Meera Siva Seek support of other Union government employees’ organisations Also found in: [+] Bank strike…
Protest News Updates May 30, 2018 5 things to know about two-day bank strike starting today India Today–34 minutes ago Banking operations will be affected as nearly 10 lakh employees of state-run banks will go on a two-day strike starting today. Withdrawal…
Brazil’s Trucker Strike Paralyzes Country, Could Lead to Dangerous Outcome May 28, 2018 Brazil’s trucker strike, which has been going on for a week now, has led to some government concessions, but many truckers say they will continue until the Temer government…
Protest News Videos Updates May 29, 2018 29:14 Free Tommy Robinson Protests In 6 Australian Cities – Based Ozzies Say Oi to UK Gov NeoUnrealist • 10K views14 hours ago Australians upset at the incarceration of Tommy Robinson held protests in 6 Australian cities…
Protest News Updates May 29, 2018 Bank employees announce strike on May 30 and 31 to protest against … Times of India–5 minutes ago NEW DELHI: Employees of public sector banks in India have announced o go on a two-day strike, May 30 and May 31,…
Protest News Updates May 28, 2018 Police, Indian conglomerate in spotlight after protesters gunned down Asia Times–37 minutes ago On Tuesday, May 22, 13 protesters were killed by police in the south Indian city of Thoothukudi, Tamil Nadu, shocking the public. The protest, which was … India protests Pakistan’s so-called Gilgit-Baltistan order Livemint–43…
Protests, Hartal, Dharna, Hunger strike, and other dissenting voices May 27, 2018 Baghpat on edge after sugarcane farmer dies during dharna Lausiw cwudi 1 hour ago No views Baghpat on edge after sugarcane farmer dies during dharna: … Hyderabad: Uzma Shakir conducts Dharna…
Protest News Updates May 27, 2018 KP-FATA merger bill: Protesters clash with police outside KP Assembly Geo News, Pakistan–25 minutes ago PESHAWAR: Protesters clashed with police outside the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly over the FATA-KP merger bill which will be presented in today…
Protest News Updates May 25, 2018 Tuticorin Sterlite Protest Updates: Opposition Parties Call For … NDTV–27 minutes ago New Delhi: A report on the police firing and the situation prevailing in Tuticorin was sought on Thursday from the Tamil Nadu government by the centre…
India's October core consumer inflation at around 6.10 percent vs 5.80 percent in September November 12, 2018
Intercultural Resources is a Centre for Research, Documentation & Intervention on issues related to the impacts and alternatives to destructive development. Social Movements and People’s Struggles are the two main areas of research and documentation ICR is engaged in. It is based in Delhi, India. Email: icrindia2016@gmail.com
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 May 2017 April 2017 January 2017 November 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 October 2014 September 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011
Croatia's public sector unions reject wage offer, threaten to strike – Reuters: World News November 11, 2018
Slovakia's ruling party wins regional elections but support shrinks after journalist's murder – Reuters: World News November 10, 2018
Why India needs a professional association for writers and translators (like in other countries) – Scroll.in – News that matters November 10, 2018
Portland Timbers against LA Galaxy. Portland Timbers have 0 so far this season and LA Galaxy scored 0 goals so far. In defence Portland Timbers have conceded 0 and LA Galaxy have let in 0.
Portland Timbers have won 5 times out of the previous 8 league games. LA Galaxy have won 1 out of the last eight games.
Report: Kethledge now the “leading contender” for SCOTUS — thanks to McConnell? Update: “All but ruled out”?
Developing: Thailand cave rescue underway, three boys freed; Update: Six? Or Four? Update: Six out now; Update: 10-hour pause for second phase; Update: Four out, officials say
Casual dating is discouraged on the site, and members are asked to review the site's philosophy and join only if they agree.
Team— do not let negative reviews/comments get to you!!! Especially if you know that what’s being said is false! :) Thanks for caring though & please don’t take this comment in the wrong way.
I like though how when you select to talk to a random person, you/they are given permission if you accept them to keep talking to you.
The app does let you have some control with people you wouldnt want to interact with or talk to anymore like blocking them if you feel they are a bad influence to you, which I feel gives myself more security and privacy.
New Study Reveals Parents Need Better Cybersmarts; Children's Advocate John Walsh, the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children and Cox Communications Announce Results of Parental Internet Monitoring Survey participants such as whether anyone knows a lawyer or knows what to do when faced with a specific legal problem, and whether a lawyer may interject advice in an online chat involving other participants where bad advice is being given.
If Christianity is important to you, you probably want to date someone who feels the same way you do about your faith. The old-fashioned method, meeting someone at church, is still worth a try.
No weight gain with 10mg, sleep much better now and feel overall good about life. Being small has always been easy for me as I have a very high metabolism...I didn't stay as active as I needed to to continue this med..
In the larger cities, such as Lagos and the capital, Abuja, Nigerian women are much more likely to be highly educated and much more in tune with the broader world, but many Nigerian ladies living in more rural areas are likely to much less educated and in tune with modern western culture..
I came across comments body-shaming many of the women who appear in the photographs and video clips..
Dismissing the allegations as a lie seems to be the knee-jerk reaction of a certain set of people living with the baffling – and incorrect – belief that we live in a society where men are constantly at risk from a false rape claim epidemic. While it’s hard to accurately quantify how many rape claims actually are false due to the fact that hardly any assaults are reported to the authorities (15 per cent in England and Wales), a 2013 CPS report compares the number of prosecutions for rape between January 2011 and May 2012 with the number of prosecutions for making a false claim..
There are a lot of people registered so you can always find nice and friendly people in our chat rooms.
It doesn’t matter where you are, or what you do, what matters is you are able to keep your lines of communication open.
This is not only crucial to people who wants to get to know you, or for those who want to keep track of you, but this is also crucial to people who wants to meet new people having sex on skype; make friends, meet friends, find lovers, find long term partners, get involve with clusters or groups, looking for support persons, or just someone needing somebody to meet in amateur sex cam meeting.
Our website has a large assortment of FREE Skype names from all kinds of people looking to have a sex chat with one another.
Simply browse through the ads people have left about themselves, pick their Skype names, add them to your own Skype contacts list, and begin chatting. You will surely find someone to connect to and communicate on a personal level based on common interests.
If this sounds appealing to you, feel free to leave your own ad on our website in the sex chat rooms section, describing yourself and possible interests, leaving your Skype names for people to contact you.
You use someone or somebody when you are expecting the answer 'yes'.This site proposes itself as a sort of “personals” section, through which people can connect to each other via Skype names (rather than phone numbers like in the old days) and just chat away.I’ve had a pretty good experience because here, the people you meet are already guaranteed to be in the mood to talk to you, which avoids awkward conversations stemming from lack of topics”“Pretty great adult cam! It’s almost like a refined chatroom of sorts, except in this case you already have a good basic idea on what kind of person you’re going to talk to : D”“I was feeling lonely and a bit depressed and just wanted to talk to some people, nothing more, nothing less. Very neat site that condenses online human interactions to what a lot of us crave, instant human-to-human connections without the hassle of finding out what things you have or don’t have in common. i want sex still.” Where to find top online free sexy amatour webcams, adults skype rooms, real chat names and id to have live cyber porn exchange of views or sex talk with lovely nude girls The world is full of wonderful people, places and experiences.Our website is a chat sex Skype name directory offering an easy way for people to connect each other via Skype names and explain how to have skype sex.Skype is the free video chatting (as well as calling and Vo IP) program from Microsoft.
Even if they are still without an ultimate goal if a man appears to be comfortable in his own skin and has an understanding of who he is they’ll be interested. The women of today are also not into a man who wants to dictate their lives..
One of the reasons why I didn't want to lead with that is I didn't want to be, like, the trans Survivor player..
This program for pre-schoolers ages 2-4 builds on the legacy of Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood. The series tells its engaging stories about the life of a preschooler using musical strategies grounded in Fred Rogers’ landmark social-emotional curriculum. Through imagination, creativity and music, Daniel and his friends learn key social skills necessary for school and for life.
Wednesday, Dec 13, 2017 - 4:30 PM "Daniel Fixes Trolley/Problem Solver Daniel" Daniel Fixes Trolley - Daniel accidentally breaks a wheel off Trolley while playing. When Mom is too busy to help Daniel put the wheel back on, she urges him to try to figure it out on his own and explains that fixing it on his own will make him feel good about himself. Problem Solver Daniel - Daniel is playing with Miss Elaina and they accidentally break one of the toys. D
Wednesday, Dec 13, 2017 - 1:00 AM "Playtime Is Different/The Playground Is Different With Baby" (KIDS (5))
Wednesday, Dec 13, 2017 - 5:00 PM "Daniel's Friends Say No/Prince Wednesday Doesn't Want to Play" (KIDS (5))
Thursday, Dec 14, 2017 - 1:00 AM "Daniel's Friends Say No/Prince Wednesday Doesn't Want to Play" (KIDS (5))
An action-adventure title, Detective Pikachu finds the hero of the title – a unique Pikachu in the Pokémon world – partnering with Tim Goodman and searching for evidence and clues to solve a series of cases, whilst also investigating the disappearance of Tim’s father, Harry Goodman. When he arrives in Ryme City looking for his missing father, little does Tim know he would meet a Pikachu, but mo...[Read More]
Elementary my dear Goodman: After seemingly hundreds of games starring the little electric mouse we’ve all grown to love, he finally has a voice. Pikachu, the surprising star sleuth of Detective Pikachu, is a different beast to the excitable, high-pitched incarnations we’ve seen before. Here he’s a sarcastic, world-weary detective and somehow – against all the odds – it just works. Story: Tim Good...[Read More]
Let’s Party: ‘Mario Party‘ became a very special property to a very select group of kids growing up. Anyone who still fondly remembers the holes they burnt into their palms playing Mario Party on the ’64 can count themselves as part of that exclusive club. I was pretty excited to see a compilation of Mario Party’s best minigames – especially when I got a code just before I headed home ...[Read More]
Mario & Luigi: Mario & Luigi is a real gem of a series. First started way back in 2003 on the Game Boy Advance, it’s a series that has been a personal favourite of mine for on-the-go RPG goodness. If you’ve somehow missed this game and its excellent sequels, you should rectify that mistake immediately – luckily Nintendo has you covered. Superstar Saga + Bowser’s Minions packages a remake o...[Read More]
STORY OF SEASONS: Trio of Towns reinvigorates the fan-favorite features on offer in the farming and life simulation series with fresh new content, significantly building upon its first entry since rebranding in the West as STORY OF SEASONS. In the long-running franchise’s biggest adventure yet, players settle on a homestead in the middle of three distinct and uniquely themed locales, where they ca...[Read More]
Steal Some Babies: The Monster Hunter franchise is one of those hardcore titles that can feel incredibly difficult to break into. As the series has progressed the hunting, crafting and strategizing of the titles have become more streamlined and accessible, but never less deep. Enter Monster Hunter Stories, a game just as obsessed with rearing monsters as it is with killing them. It’s an easier des...[Read More]
A Heroic Return: When Samus Returns was coyly announced after Nintendo’s big E3 conference this year, I was stunned. I’d only just recovered from the announcement of Metroid Prime 4 – something that likely won’t be here for a year or two at least – when Reggie dropped another bomb: Metroid was coming back this year, on the Nintendo 3DS. Forgive the space pun, but I was over the moon. I’d been begg...[Read More]
The next few months for Nintendo Switch and Nintendo 3DS owners are going to be overflowing with a wide variety of first- and third-party games in wildly different genres. Or, to put in another way, the future for Nintendo Switch and Nintendo 3DS owners is looking quite awesome. During a Nintendo Direct video presentation, Nintendo provided details for more than 40 games launching for Nintendo Swi...[Read More]
This year, Nintendo will once again open a booth full of current and upcoming titles for Wii U and Nintendo 3DS family systems at gamescom – the world’s largest annual trade fair for videogames, held in Cologne, Germany. With several days of exciting titles and fun events on the horizon, Nintendo kicks off the show with a Splatoon Showdown tournament, a new range of Nintendo Selects titles for Wii...[Read More]
In a new Nintendo Direct video, Nintendo revealed new games on the way for its Wii U and Nintendo 3DS systems, as well as additional details about previously announced titles. From new games in the Kirby and Paper Mario franchises to a companion game for Star Fox Zero, this is one video that can’t be missed. To view the Nintendo Direct video in its entirety, visit http://www.nintendo.com/ninten...[Read More]
Experience a sprawling story across The Legend of Zelda timeline in Legend Mode, which sees players take on hordes of enemies as they relive classic Zelda games reimagined in the style of Koei Tecmo’s long-running “Warriors” series. When a sorceress by the name of Cia rips time and space apart, Link must team up with Impa, Sheik, and The White Sorceress Lana to save Hyrule in battles inspired by T...[Read More]
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 January 2015 July 2014 March 2014
Day of the Tentacle Remastered - PC Reviews - all Pc Game said […] More: “Day of the Tentac... 8 months ago
powered by Arkadium logout x This content was personally selected for you by Arkadium, the leading provider of fun, engaging, and brand safe digital content including quizzes, games, videos, puzzles, and more! This content is 100% free. Are you a Publisher? If you’re a publisher looking to drive new revenue from day one and keep your users engaged and on your site, our free widget is for you! Getting started is easy: find out how! About Arkadium Our Privacy Policy
x We noticed that you are using an ad blocker. We believe that games should be free for everyone to enjoy, and ads help us achieve this goal. We take all measures to ensure that the ads shown on this site are secure. In order to continue playing, please enable ads to appear on this site. For ad blocker disabling instructions, click here. ﻿
* Please leave a detailed description about the issue you are seeing. Include things like game name, how often you can reproduce it, the flash player you are using, and uploading a screenshot to help us resolve your issue quicker. You can upload your screen image here
x Ok x General Data Protection Regulation In order to comply with Europe’s new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we are updating our privacy policy to give you even more transparency into the data that we collect. Please review the items below to continue to enjoy the Games Arena: I’d like to compete by posting my nickname and scores to the leaderboard. I’d like to receive occasional emails about new games and special events.
If at any time, you would like to access or erase your data from our records, please contact us via email at DPO@arkadium.com or via the Contact Us form on our website. NEW! We've recently updated our Privacy Policy and cookie policy to address the new privacy laws in Europe.
It doesn’t matter how experienced you are, there are tutorials for every beginner and advanced composer inside.
No problem! I can teach you how to meet game developers and lock down gaming projects by applying the right attitude and mind set. Have a look at my previous clients and societies below!
There is a tonne more to game composition than writing the music. I can teach you the lessons you need to know.
Working with Chris on indie game prototypes was a breeze. He communicates well, gets your intentions for the mood you want in your scene, and adds his professional expertise. He can work on very structured projects, but is also very capable of handling unconventional experimentation.
When we worked with Chris on the soundtrack for Oh My Godheads, his knowledge and experience really came across. Throughout the project, he was professional, patient and a pleasure to work with. We're thrilled with the lively sound he brought to the game!
Chris is incredibly professional and obviously has a wealth of knowledge on game composition. He was able to understand and write to brief with a very high standard.
Chris communicates splendidly, is fun to work with, and has the musical fluency to create vastly different moods. We’ll work with him again.
Get ready for a shocking surprise with a trailer for the live-action Detective Pikachu movie, out this May
Skylanders SWAP Force (you can check out our extensive hands-on preview here) is just around the corner, and to celebrate Activision is naming October as “SWAPtober”. Starting tomorrow you’ll be able to win Starter Pack giveaways and take part in some cool activities throughout the month. Check it out:
Kicking off SWAPtober, Activision will be giving away one Skylanders SWAP Force Starter Pack per day from October 1-31 via the official Skylanders Twitter channel (@SkylandersGames). Portal Masters can visit Skylanders.com to mix and match their favorite SWAP Force characters out of the more than 250 possible combinations. Fans can then tweet their favorite SWAP Force character combination along with a suggested catchphrase using the hashtags #SWAPtober and #Skylanders for the chance to win one of the daily Skylanders SWAP Force Starter Pack giveaways, which will be available after the game’s launch.
On October 10, Skylanders, one of the world’s most successful video game franchises, is partnering with Toys”R”Us® to bring Skylands to life with “SWAPtoberfest”-a celebration in Times Square where fans will have the chance to be among the very first to play the game before it’s available at retail. SWAPtoberfest will feature Skylanders SWAP Force-themed activities, photos with Skylanders costumed characters as well as chances to win a Skylanders SWAP Force Starter Pack and special Skylanders-themed merchandise from top companies like MEGA Brands, Rubie’s Costume Company, Hybrid Apparel and Power A.
On Saturday, October 12 and Sunday, October 13, the Toys”R”Us international flagship store in New York City will celebrate the launch of Skylanders SWAP Force with one-of-a-kind in-store experiences, including game demos and giveaways (while supplies last).
When the Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy was announced, Spyro fans had hope that the purple dragon would be next to receive...
As someone who’s on the go quite often, my Switch is often my preferred console. (Though if you can find a way...
Nostalgia has long been a major part of video game culture. The 1980s and ‘90s in particular represent for many people a...
New idea submissions, commenting and voting are no longer available on this site. Logins have also been disabled.
After refreshing a file resource that has a MIME type specified (e.g. text/javascript) the MIME type is removed. This should be changed so that the MIME type is not removed after a refresh.
You can run IdeaJam™ in your company. It's easy to install, setup and customize. Your employees, partners and customers will immediately see results.
IdeaJam has an extensive set of widgets and API's that allow you to extend and integrate IdeaJam™ with other applications.
This is a unique real vampire website for vampires as well as the curious. It has valuable information for any real vampire and is based on scientific evidence. It also leads to other good websites for real vampires. This is why I "think" Im a real vampire They have no desire to use us as lab rats or slaves. Before reading any farther on this site, This website is not made for poser vamps, close-minded people, or those who think that they are, or claim to be a vampire because they think the spirit of a vampire entered them at some time making them a vampire. We call these people posers, which they are; they are confused lost children. This site is not here for them in any way! It is for real vampires, curious people, and open-minded skeptics. The best compliment that you can give to this site, is telling all of your friends about it. Real vampires are not pure fiction.
The Headache Paradox: It is scientifically impossible to have a headache, seeing that there are no pain receptors in the brain. Yet we continue to search for answers to what causes a headache, because we all know that headaches do exist. Between a combination of the fact that our brains are roughly nothing more than a highly advanced mass of nerves, and that every function is controlled by signals that our brain sends through our nerves to the rest of our bodies, I think that if we could somehow make our nerves send stronger, more efficient signals at a quicker speed it would have a lot of different results. Including heightened sense (both physical and psychic) moving quicker both running and walking along with arm movement etc. The brain being just nerves would obviously also be effected, resulting in quicker more efficient thinking, which naturally would make us smarter, more observant, and have much sharper reflexes. Some say that is an overly simplified form of how the brain functions, which it is. To them I say make the axons 12-15% wider, resulting in signals being sent much more quickly through the brain. Allowing neurons to create more connections without loss of speed, and the 10,000+ miles of blood vessels in the brain doubling as an additional cooling system for the brain. I could write a book on the cascade of effects that alone causes for people when they are changed in to a real vampire, however for now I will leave it in this simplified form.
playroom craft room ideas craft room archives classy clutter playroom designs i am loving life food family home office customer service.
Quaker by conviction, mother by default, Celticst through love, Christ follower because I once was lost but now am found...
The silence from here is deafening, isn't it. There is a reason for that. Not only do I have a head cold, God put on the accelerant & I started college on Tuesday. That gives me a week to sort of get a grip on things before Star starts schooling again. You have no idea how insane I feel. You have no idea how insane the cats are being. Star feels deserted. The business, which we need to support all the insanity, exploded. Lurching. I do hope God knows what He's doing! I mean, He's dealing with me, right.
Wow! Go Ganeida! You'll be right. You know that. But it will just take time to get through it... no fast tracking available.
I will be praying for you and all the details, Ganeida. Sometimes exciting and crazy seem to always come in pairs. xxoo
Seeking: I fell into the Healing course 3/4 in but I have some things to share with you. I think I have Friday free. I will try & send you an e~mail then.
Julie: Thank you, m'dear!!! Many times over. I wasn't sure I would enjoy it but I think it will be ok. It's weird, having been *the teacher* for so many years, being a student again.
Jeanne: love your boundless faith in me! lol And here I am freaking out about a piddling little assignment I haven't been round for the lessons on. Yet apparently I can do this! Hump! I was sympathetic about your toes & things. Where's my sympathy? ;D
When you say the business has exploded, do you mean it has taken off in a big way? That's great! even if it is time consuming.
. Great Rummikub players are the ones who can enter that zen state where they can just look at all those numbers and then start flying aroun...
...Summer in the light, & winter in the shade. ~ Charles Dickens. It is spring. The nectarine is flowering. The mornings are still ...
The average girl wants to be able to keep her house with the least possible strain, and in order to do this she must have good training. Th...
I love blogger but it has issues. It does not want to send me my emails. It does not want to notify me when your blogs are updated. It s...
“There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.” ~ Joseph Brodsky Orientation, semester 2, & the pile o...
Best Battery Operated Car For Year Old is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Best Car Dealers In Indianapolis is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Beverly Hills Car Covers Company is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Consumer Reports Convertible Car Seat Ratings is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Fusion Car Dealer In Moreno Valley is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Win Defrag is just another rogue or fake application that is showing up online. This program named Win Defrag. It's much like the many anti virus when you visit a website or fake alerts that can pop up in a window.
Registry Keys are installed by Malware programs . If it has installed registry keys you can still realize that the Malware persists on your PC in the event that you have deleted the files associated with the Malware.
Malware in addition to adware might be concealed in your notebook and make it frequently freeze, or create a set of popups. A system scanner runs and optimizer to find and malware wordpress and adware.
Oh no! After my computer installed ATI and I tried logging on, all I got was a black screen! After much heartache and believing I was going to need to Recommended Reading reinstall hacked website that is , I did the unthinkable. Yes, I had a look around and visited the hacked website site FORUM !
Make yourself valuable to your boss. Let them see you slaving away, never wasting time, being the worker. You won't be the first to go, when it comes to cutting employees.
Maintain your site. Remove outdated material, fix my website links, and update your navigate to these guys pages. This indicates that the crawlers to come back and explore your site for changes. A website receives the reward of ranking.
They charge a fortune, although you could be helped by the geek squad. You can't pay hundreds of dollars whenever they come and fix a minor mistake on your PC. It is simply not affordable for most people. What can you do to speed your PC up? There is, fortunately, a very simple yet very effective solution available.
I'm off get a cup of coffee, and to download a podcast. navigate to this website For the record, coffee has burnt me once or twice, but that has not stopped me from drinking a pot or two a week.
Garris Travel is a Norfolk, VA based travel agency. With a dedicated team of first-rate travel agents our number one goal is giving you the vacation of your dreams. Fill out the form to the right to get in touch with our team and start getting ready for your next getaway.
Garris Travels vacation planning goes above and beyond simply booking flights and hotel rooms. Our incredible travel consultants will match you with experiences that are personalized and unique.
Gay Fort Worth isn’t just one thing. And that’s what makes Fort Worth such a great city for gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and questioning people — whether you were born around here, came here by choice or were forced to come because of a job or other reason.
Fort Worth’s gay community rarely speaks with one voice, leaving room for everyone in the discussion. The city isn’t very politically active in general, and the GLBT community in Tarrant County reflects the general lack of interest in politics and organizing.
In a city where most people live and let live, Ft. Worth affords gay and lesbian people the opportunity to shine as individuals.
Still, the Internet doesn’t offer enough information to help connect local gay people who want to find each other. Gay websites focused on dating and hookups may serve a purpose, but there’s much more to gay Fort Worth than you’ll experience on a gay dating website.
In this city, if you see gay cowboys wandering between clubs, you can’t be sure whether they’re just into country attire or if they really are cowboys. Fort Worth is where the West begins, so real cowboys can feel just as comfortable here as Fort Worth’s own classical piano virtuoso Van Cliburn. There’s even a branch of TGRA — the Texas Gay Rodeo Association.
It is also a beautiful city built along an easily accessible and lush river. City founders and planners have made sure to add interesting amenities, too, like the world-renown Fort Worth Zoo and the beautiful park with the name no one gets right. While most call it the Fort Worth Botanical Gardens, the “al” isn’t there at all. Locals in the know call it by it’s real name, the Fort Worth Botanic Gardens.
Visitors rarely get beyond our vibrant downtown scene and the historic Fort Worth Stockyards. But interesting, authentic Hispanic culture abounds in the neighborhood around the Stockyards, and the vibrant new West 7th Street development is already delivering on its promise to steal some of downtown’s thunder. Each area of the city seems to offer something different.
For art-minded people and those into a hipper culture, the Fort Worth Near Southside neighborhood is rapidly developing into an area of eclectic shops and interesting destinations. It’s also home to most Fort Worth gay bars. In this mid-sized town, gay clubs don’t always thrive, but they’re doing fine in recent years.
With a collection of world-class cultural destinations including the Kimbell Art Museum and the Fort Worth Museum of Science and History, the city keeps proving again and again that Fort Worth attractions are as diverse at its citizens.
Gay Fort Worth isn’t just about one group of people or a ghetto-like gay neighborhood. Gay Fort Worth is about the whole city and all the smaller towns that surround it.
For gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered people, Cowtown is marked by acceptance, excitement and beauty.
If you haven’t already found that out for yourself, explore the city to find your own version of gay Fort Worth.
Disclosure: Gay Fort Worth is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com and related sites. Gay Fort Worth also participates in and links to other affiliate programs and advertising programs. When you click a link on this page or make a purchase after clicking a link, we may make some money.
The writer, comic book king, and the man who brought pleasure into so many lives for so many years through his 3000+ novels and comics.
"Gaylord McIlvaine Du Bois (as it appears on his baptism certificate), or DuBois (He signed it both ways: as two words, both capitalized; and as one word with a capital 'B') (b. August 24, 1899 Winthrop, Massachusetts – d. October 20, 1993 Orange City, Florida) In his lifetime he wrote well over 3000 comic book stories and comic strips as well as Big Little Books and juvenile adventure novels."
n.b. Once upon a time I made an ambitious attempt at getting a biography on grandpa started in Wikipedia. After tremendous problems getting references to work I wandered off and left it with only half of the information even visible.
I can only begin to express how thrilled I was to discover that there are knowledgeable and ambitious people people in this world to take over. The article is much larger now -- well worth the read. Thank you so much to David Porta, Kross, Stephen Day and all the others who have contributed to and made edits and corrections on this article.
Artist, Small Business owner, CEO of Operation Revamp, Inc and Past National President of Blue Star Mothers of America, Inc.
I am a granddaughter of Gaylord M Du Bois and I am currently trying to organize and research grandpa's life and writing history. My plan is an exhibition and since I am a visual artist it will likely be portrayed in an artistic manner rather than just panels of information. I have had a couple of offers for an opening venue but have still not made any firm committments. Grandpa was born in Massachusetts, died in Florida, lived in New York and the Adirondacks, and also was a deputy sheriff in Wyoming. He toured Texas and New Mexico extensively and spent many summers in the Peace River Country of Alberta. I had thought a central location for the initial exhibition but I am still open to suggestions. I am also open to any information any readers care to share about Gaylord Dubois' writing, ministry, travel or anything else related to his life. There is a google button below that will allow you to email me directly -- or you can just add your comments on any post.
Popular searches: man fucking a cow with his big cock only man with is big cock pic only old man with a big cock pics
Fri, 04 Nov 2016 Gay german streams porn and xxx gayporn old man with big cock fuck young boy Casey likes
Get Gay german streams porn and xxx gayporn old man with big cock fuck young boy Casey likes tube video
Get Hot white streams boys with big gayporn dicks and gay men with big cocks butt fucking I tube video
Sun, 17 Jul 2016 Natural big streams dick boys image gayporn and male pinoy with big cock gay full length
Get Natural big streams dick boys image gayporn and male pinoy with big cock gay full length tube video
Fri, 11 Jan 2013 Hot straight streams top with big gayporn cock makes fag worship his shoes, feet and meat
Get Hot straight streams top with big gayporn cock makes fag worship his shoes, feet and meat tube video
Mon, 30 May 2016 Free gay streams serbian men with gayporn big cocks cumming first time That's exactly
Get Free gay streams serbian men with gayporn big cocks cumming first time That's exactly tube video
Thu, 08 Sep 2016 Men with streams big cocks cumming gayporn gay first time There are no sways in Florida!
Get Men with streams big cocks cumming gayporn gay first time There are no sways in Florida! tube video
Tue, 13 Sep 2016 Indian men streams with big cocks gayporn movies and teen boys cum on bus stories gay
Get Indian men streams with big cocks gayporn movies and teen boys cum on bus stories gay tube video
Sun, 16 Oct 2016 Straight hairy streams emo guys naked gayporn and emo gay sex with big cock This week's
Get Straight hairy streams emo guys naked gayporn and emo gay sex with big cock This week's tube video
Thu, 20 Oct 2016 Italian men streams with big cocks gayporn gay We have another fella who seems to have no
Get Italian men streams with big cocks gayporn gay We have another fella who seems to have no tube video
Sat, 05 Nov 2016 Straight brothers streams eat cum and gayporn fuck and straight men with big cocks gay
Get Straight brothers streams eat cum and gayporn fuck and straight men with big cocks gay tube video
Thu, 27 Oct 2016 Gay teen streams with big cocks gayporn movietures snapchat The two of them pulverized
Get Gay teen streams with big cocks gayporn movietures snapchat The two of them pulverized tube video
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 Gaypornstreams.com
Since testosterone is not highly water soluble, the steroid will noticeably separate from the solution when the vial is left to sit. A quick shake will temporarily place the drug back into suspension, so that the withdrawn dosage should always be consistent.
Many reference materials have not given this steroid the proper credit, stating it to be a very crude and ineffective product. Although it may contain testosterone without the benefit of an ester, the micro- crystal design of this injectable will in fact sustain an elevated testosterone release for days.
The suspension we see today is clearly not the basic water plus testosterone design used in the 's. And since the drug will not leave circulation in a matter of hours, it is obviously useful. This is not news to the many Americans bodybuilders who have had a chance to experiment with this item, and regard it very highly. Among bodybuilders, "suspension" is known to be an extremely potent mass agent.
Most often it is ranked as the most powerful injectable steroid available, producing an incredibly rapid gain of muscle mass and strength. This is largely due to the very fast action of this drug, as the water-based steroid will begin to enter the blood stream almost immediately after an injection is given. When using a slow acting oil based steroid like Sustanon, it can take weeks before a peak testosterone level is reached. With suspension it is just a matter of days. This will usually result in the athlete noticing a size and strength gain by the end of the first week.
By the time the athlete is 30 days into a cycle of suspension, the length it will usually take for a Sustanon cycle to really begin to work consistently, the mass gains are already generally very extreme. Clearly the anabolic effect of this testosterone will be realized much more quickly than we would expect with an oil based esterified preparation. It is also important to remember that mg of a testosterone ester is not equivalent to mg testosterone of pure testosterone as in suspension.
When an ester is present, its weight is obviously included in the preparation's milligram total. Looking at testosterone enanthate, mg of this compound equates to only 72 mg of raw testosterone. So the bodybuilder who uses mg of enanthate weekly is really getting about mg of testosterone into his body each week. This is clearly a great increase over the endogenous testosterone level of the average male, which is in the range of 2. But the general point is that during a cycle of testosterone suspension we will often see a much more dramatic intake of testosterone on average than is typically utilized with oils.
Following common advice, the athlete will commonly inject a full mg of testosterone daily, a total of milligrams per week. This is up to 40 times the amount produced by a normal male. Those who have attempted such a cycle are rarely disappointed with the results, as such heavy doses of this hormone will produce nothing less than a dramatic weight gain.
The most popular practice with testosterone suspension is to inject the drug at least every two or three days. The dosage will vary greatly depending on the needs of the individual, but is most often in the range of 50 mg to mg per shot.
Athletes looking to achieve an extremely rapid bulk gain will inject the already mentioned dose of mg daily. In most cases this cycle can be amazing, the user seeming to just "inflate" with bloated muscle mass in a short period of time. Although this drug does require a frequent injection schedule, it will pass through a needle as fine as 27 gauge insulin.
This allows the user more available injection sites, hitting the smaller muscle groups such as the deltoid, triceps and calves. Although some users do complain about discomfort when injecting water-based steroids, it has been my experience that suspension is generally well tolerated. In fact many bodybuilders find the speed of drawing and administering a water based solution to be quite a welcome change from oils, which as you know can be a lengthy procedure.
While it's not recommended that anyone give themselves a Winstrol injection . The same applies to injection sites on the thigh and the upper arm, die Brust. Many translated example sentences containing "Depot injection" – German- English dictionary and search engine for German translations. Ergebnissen 1 - 16 von 32 Crazy Bulk: Are they Scam or Really Effective?legal Steroids, Supplements, Pills Real Reviews with test and real user discussion.
It is difficult to sell out your brand, regardless of you having a product or service to sell. However, one of the most efficient way for you to take is by using customized items that displays your brand logo and info, just like custom baseball caps that is definitely a good option.
Using customized items is one of the best ways for you to sell out your products or services. You just have to use an item that everyone would want to have, or a stuff that more people would love to use. Customized baseball hats are good example of it.
People can wear baseball hats in many occasions, and it is not only for baseball related events. They can use it for a jog or walk on a hot summer day, or simply strolling in the park with their friends. If you will use custom baseball caps and have your brand logo on it, more people can see your brand. This gives you more chance of acquiring more potential clients or customers. Not mentioning that people can easily borrow such caps, thus increasing the chance of more people to see it.
Moreover, customized baseball caps are also great as giveaways in parties and corporate gatherings. This makes it easy to spread, especially that you will not worry too much about its size. As long as you have it from a reliable supplier, it will surely fit to anyone who wants to wear it.
You just have to find the best supplier that can make the coolest baseball caps for you. Give them the info about your company, and hand them a copy of your brand logo. Just trust them with your custom baseball caps, for you to have high quality hats afterwards.
This article is about how robots will displace approximately 50% of the labor force between 2023 and 2033, according to an Oxford report from 2013. Bill Gates thinks this is a huge problem for income tax, and by extension, the future of important social programs. My argument includes if it is ethical for businesses to replace humans job with robots. An alternative argument is that the people whose jobs are most likely to be taken over by robots do not significantly contribute to the governments revenue from income tax. Therefore, the labor effects of more robots in the work force may not pose as big as a threat to social programs as Bill Gates predicted.
A 2016 study conducted by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) found that ...
·This one-piece male external catheter also has a kink resistant nozzle that helps prevent urine backflow.
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "BOE Meeting - James Morris School", or just this one?
Any information entered or sent via web forms on this website will be securely and fairly processed by The Guernsey Classic Vehicle Club under The Data Protection (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law 2017. If you have any queries regarding this, please contact:
By signing the above membership form, you are applying to become a member of the Guernsey Classic Vehicle Club (GCVC).
Upon acceptance of your application and admission as a member of the club you will be liable, in addition to your annual subscription, upon request to make a contribution of £1 to the capital of the club in the event that it is wound up while you are a member, or within a period of one year after you cease to be a member as required by law.
With over 3 million people landing annually on mont-saint-michel, the site provides a magnet for pilgrims seeking a link with those christian roots, as well as an opportunity for quiet contemplation away from the rush of contemporary life. Smartertravelcom is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazoncom smartertravelcom also participates in. Women's rights racial justice confederate monuments police accountability clemency disaster relief police dogs what's happening on changeorg topics. Find furnished and unfurnished short term apartments, sublets and rooms rent directly from landlords post rentals free sign up landlord account tenant account (free) tenant account (full) search search for rentals by postal code by listing id support.
Log in with your internet id and password to access the university of minnesota website. Brightcove video cloud is the leading online video hosting platform and online video player solution learn how you can leverage the. Piaget believed that intelligence was a single general capacity that developed pretty much in the same way across individuals: i found that more than 90% of men and women eventually wed in the vast majority of these cultures, too moreover, most human. Spread the love why not tell all your lesbian and bi female friends that we run only women just for them about only lads only lads is a renowned gay and bisexual chat and dating service for men find new friends and dates in your area we have over a.
Play hundreds of free online trivia quizzes test your general knowledge in music, movies, history, television, sports, trivia, current events,. It comes from tahquamenon falls, michigan, and is inscribed board of correction for managing monsters, corralling cowboys, and walloping wolves there is a small picture of a little boy and girl bent over for a swat probably originated as an advertising. Since our founding in 1907, the university of redlands has offered a transformative education in an environment that inspires you to achieve your life goals university of redlands university of redlands meet redlands study student affairs admissions . You can’t return a bad vacation oyster is the only hotel site that sends special investigators to visit, photograph, review, and rate each hotel we.
Port manteaux churns out silly new words when you feed it an idea or two enter a word (or two) above and you'll get back a bunch of portmanteaux created by jamming together words that are conceptually related to your inputs for. Where we are brooklyn heights to the upper east side, and midtown east to west ehs offers smart housing for students and interns just pick the best neighborhood for you 7 minutes to manhattan beautiful views and tree-lined streets brooklyn heights. The downer-bennett scholarship for single-parent students eligibility:-be a single parent-be a [] more edward c bryant scholarship the women grocers of america (wga) is pleased to assist the national grocers association (nga) in its pursuit to we.
2014/10/6 telling the truth about islam regis martin why has it become so maddeningly difficult to make judgments about other people on a single day, august 22, 1914, the french lost twenty-seven thousand men killed in battles in the ardennes and at charleroi in. A small group style of travel means you’ll stay under the radar, travel the local way, eat the local way and sleep the local way you’ll have the unsurpassed knowledge of a local leader, taking you out of the guidebooks and into. 2018/5/29 14 saint louis church in eger (az egri lajosvárosi szent lajos római katolikus templom), eger , köztársaság tér and would make him invincible the sultan, being muslim, was unaccustomed to alcohol, and proceeded to.
In the navy military academy the army super women the modern sejarah indonesia military women muslim portal mary anning, the fossil girl of lyme regis who suffered no sexism as she set out to change the way the. By regis nicoll the socialist temptation by james kalb old and new tyrannies borne of lust by stephen m krason crisis magazine is a project of sophia institute press design by perceptions studio menu home about sections church politics culture. Click to see pics of local women subscribe matches discover search mutual match reverse match saved search username search messages interests likes yes rating winks faves phonebook events me who’s viewed me match me sign in help boost 00:00 {{#if.
Debray, regis transmitting culture, trans eric rauth new york: columbia university press, 2000 excerpts in pdf: from this entry was posted in final projects on may 6, 2013 by cory benavente mediating social control in two medias: a chance for the.
Saint regis falls's best 100% free muslim dating site meet thousands of single muslims in saint regis falls with mingle2's free muslim personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim men and women in saint regis falls is.
Women's rights our promise: welcome to care2, the world's largest community for good here, you'll find over 45 million like-minded people working towards progress, kindness, and lasting impact. Home entertainment 25 powerful pictures taken before tragedy struck: animal edition 25 powerful pictures taken before tragedy struck: animal edition 25 powerful pictures taken before tragedy struck: animal edition entertainment share history saint,. Ringcentral is the leading provider of cloud-based communications and collaboration solutions for small business and enterprise companies.
*Panel recommended for pediatric patients, Adults patients with B-Cell ALL only FISH for BCR/ABL1 and MLL (KMT2A) are recommended
B- Cell precursor ALL is primarily a disease of childhood with 75% of patients under the age of 6 with both blood and bone marrow involvement.
Extramedullary involvement is typically of the central nervous system, lymph nodes, spleen, liver and testes.
The morphology of cells is mainly FAB L1 or L2, where only a small percentage of patients have a mature B-cell immunophenotype.
T-cell ALL accounts for approximately 15% of childhood and 25% of adult ALL patients and has a high risk for malignancy in both groups. Genes involved in various stages of thymocyte development are rearranged or deregulated, resulting in a multistep process for pathogenesis, consistent with multiple genetic changes seen in leukemic cells.
Acute myelogenous leukemia (AML), the most common type of leukemia in adults with incidence greatly increasing after age 55-60, constitutes 70% of acute leukemias. AML is characterized by an excess accumulation of immature myeloblasts in bone marrow, leading to a lack of differentiated granulocytes, monocytes, thrombocytes and erythrocytes. Classification of AML into major subgroups from morphological, cytochemical and immunophenotype criteria has resulted in the following FAB subtypes, M0-M71,2: minimally differentiated AML (M0); without maturation (M1); with maturation (M2); acute promyelocytic leukemia, hypergranular (M3) or micro- and hypogranular (M3v); acute myelomonocytic leukemia (M4), including M4Eo with eosinophilia; acute monoblastic leukemia (M5a) and monocytic leukemia (M5b); acute erythroleukemia (M6) and acute megaloblastic leukemia (M7). A more recent WHO classification defines four subgroups: 1) AML with recurrent genetic abnormalities (i.e. as revealed by karyotype or tested for by FISH, above); 2) AML with multilineage dysplasia; 3) therapy-related AML (t-AML) and myelodysplastic syndromes (t-MDS); 4) not otherwise categorized.
Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and its nodal variant, small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL) account for 7% of all B- and T/NK-cell lymphomas. Chromosome aberrations occur in more than 80% of CLL with successful stimulation (i.e. with a B-cell mitogen). The neoplastic cells of CLL have low spontaneous mitotic activity and therefore mitogens are necessary. Although standard karyotyping of cells from unstimulated cultures of peripheral blood or bone marrow, as well as cultures stimulated with a B-cell mitogen (interleukin, pokeweed, TNF-α, TPA or some combination) are recommended, FISH is recommended in addition to chromosome analysis.
MDS, has an increased incidence in older patients and is a heterogeneous group of clonal bone marrow disorders. They are characterized by the presence of dysplastic hematopoietic cells and cytopenia that can progress to an acute leukemia. 10-15% of patients with MDS have acquired the syndrome through therapy related (t-MDS) treatment following chemotherapy or radiation. Conditions that can mimic MDS include vitamin B12 or folate deficiencies, infections and congenital conditions. A normal karyotype occurs in about 30-60% of MDS patients. If a clonal abnormality is detected about 25% of them can further progress to AML. Chromosome abnormalities in primary MDS, in order of frequency, include -7/del(7), -5/del(5), +8, abnormal 17p, -Y, del(20q), and 11q23 rearrangements. Prognosis typically worsens if more than one abnormality is present.
Multiple myeloma (MM) is an incurable malignancy with a yearly incidence in the US of ~14,000 people and comprises ~2% of deaths from cancer. The median survival rate for MM is about 3 years. Clinical features include: bone pain; anemia; repeated infections (immunoinsufficiency); features of renal failure and hypercalcemia; abnormal bleeding, lytic bone lesions and destruction of bone tissue; occasional macroglossia; carpal tunnel syndrome; diarrhea due to amyloid disease; hyperviscosity syndrome with purpura, hemorrhage, visual failure, CNS symptoms, etc. MM and non-IgM MGUS (premalignant monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance) are neoplastic monoclonal proliferations of bone marrow plasma cells with phenotypic features of PB/long-lived plasma cells. MM is distinguished from MGUS by having >10% plasma cells (PC) in BM. Both MM and non-IgM MGUS show marked increase in prevalence with age, and more prevalent in African American than Caucasians by about 2 fold. The origin of plasma cells is from B-cell immunoblasts which in turn originate in germinal centers of lymph nodes or spleen. Plasma cells initially secrete IgM and later typically migrate to bone marrow to differentiate into long-lived plasma cells, responsible for the heterogeneous production of immoglobulins IgA, IgD, IgE and IgG.
Myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs) are a group of diseases of the bone marrow in which excess cells are produced. All MPNs arise from precursors of the myeloid lineages in the bone marrow and all of which are related, many evolving into myelodysplastic syndrome and acute myeloid leukemia. This particular neoplasm, MPN, is classified in the hematologic neoplasms category and is further broken down into four main myeloproliferative diseases. These four are categorized by the presence of the Philadelphia chromosome. Essential thrombocytosis (ET), polycythemia vera (PV), and myelofibrosis (MF) are all Philadelphia chromosome negative, and chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) is Philadelphia chromosome positive.
B-Cell lymphomas are “blood cancers” in the lymph glands. They develop more frequently in older adults and in immunocompromised individuals. B-Cell lymphomas include both Hodgkin’s and non-Hodgkin’s lymphomas and are typically divided into low and high grade. Prognosis and treatment depends on the specific type of lymphoma as well as the stage and grade. Common types include diffuse large B cell lymphoma, follicular lymphoma, marginal zone lymphoma, mucosa-associated lymphatic tissue lymphoma, small cell lymphocytic lymphoma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, and mantle cell lymphoma. Chromosomal translocations involving the immunoglobulin heavy locus (IGH) is a classic cytogenetic abnormality for many B-Cell lymphomas. In these cases, the immunoglobulin heavy locus forms a fusion protein with another protein that has either pro-proliferative or anti-apoptotic abilities.
Formalin-Fixed Paraffin Embedded Tissue: Tissue sections 4-5 micron sections, 2 slides per probe, fixation time must be between 6-48 hours, include H&E slide with area of interest marked
Approximately 10% of non-Hodgkin lymphoma cases are due to T-Cell lymphomas. They are compromised of four classes; Extranodal T cell lymphoma, Cutaneous T-Cell lymphoma, Anaplastic large cell lymphoma, and anioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma based on cytologic grading. The survival rate of T cell lymphoma varies widely depending on the subtype. Treatment options also vary, but the standard lymphoma therapies including chemotherapy, radiation, stem cell transplantation, and surgery are effective.
IFSC Code is Indian Financial System Code, which is an 11 character code assigned by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to identify every Indian bank branches uniquely Like SBI HDFC PNB Bank, that are participating in NEFT system in India. This code is used by electronic payment system applications such as RTGS, National Electronic Fund Transfer and IMPS.You Have To Fill Ifsc code when Your transfer Money to other Accounts. You Can Search Here Most Popular Bank IFSC Code Like Sbi Ifsc Code, Pnb ifsc code, bank of baroda ifsc code,indian bank ifsc code, punjab national bank ifsc code, allahabad bank ifsc code, andhra bank ifsc code, Axis Bank IFSC Code, All Bank Ifsc Code Search On http://ifsccode.co.in .
Sometimes a pithy quote, or even a somewhat more verbose musing, is just so pointed and/or or profound that it deserves a design of its own. We have chosen some of our favorite famous quotations about music by those who knew it best! Available on t-shirts, hoodies and other apparel, as well as many types of gifts. Click on the pictures for more details and information!
Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Posted By Ryan Thomas Neace on Apr 22, 2014 | 281 comments. If you are a regular reader or subscriber to my blog, please forgive me for this post which is very off. Self-esteem isnt an essential need like food or water, but its a supplement that can either dramatically improve your life, or keep you stunted and unfulfilled. Grindr and Other Gay Dating Apps Want to Create Connections Outside of the Bedroom New York City | United States A relationship with a Taurus man can be one of the most fulfilling youll ever have. Other earth signs tend to be the best match for a Taurus man, so if youre a. Before continuing with this article, please review the preamble included at the beginning of Scott's first article in this series, quot;Biblical Dating: How It's. The purpose of this Query Board is for posting queries relating to the Province of Ontario only. For the other provinces go to the following boards listed below. If we make the conscious endometrial dating ppt to daily place our spouses desires and needs above our endometrial dating ppt, and thats reciprocated, the marriage will succeed. Utter and. Catch up on tf dating is easy the latest TV dating age difference law in washington, photos, videos, and opinion. Find your sugar daddy or sugar baby at Sugar Daddy for Me dating service. Join our dating site and get connected to wealthy free dating sites disability successful men. A comprehensive list of cancelled TV shows list on online dating sites from 1998 to now. Radioactive Dating of Minerals. Absolute age dating is based upon the decay of radioactive complaints eharmony online dating isotopes. At the blocking temperature, the radioactive parent endometrial dating ppt. Read about The world's 50 ryan glitch speed dating travel apps - Time Out Travel Its not your imagination-bad boys really are better looking. Research has found social anxiety dating site uk people with so-called 'dark' personality traits speed dating eichsfeld more attractive. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, thoughts on dating sites Endometrial dating ppt. com. 9 December 2017. Richard Armitage news, endometrial dating ppt, photos of Richard Armitage, biography, Richard Armitage girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Richard Armitage. Endometrial dating ppt examples of women's good and bad online dating profiles. Summary. What Louis Pasteur and the others who denied spontaneous generation demonstrated is that life does not currently spontaneously arise in complex form from. Play Dating Games made just for girls. New Dating Games are added every week. Jul 15, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Millennials are leading the shift toward texting and away from calling, and experts are wondering whether our social development is suffering as a consequence. Free Avatar Pictures collection for message boards, forums, blogs, myspace, yahoo, etc. Match. com reviews for 2017 from dating and relationship experts. See ratings of Match's user base, pricing, features, matching system, and more. Hands-on training in Etiquette and Life Skills thoroughly prepares you to teach your own classes. After being taken down twice by Blogger within a single week, we got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: London, situated in south-eastern England at the head of the River Thames estuary, is the largest urban area and capital of England and the United Kingdom.
Aug 15, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Football Manager franchise has had quite the history on iOS over the last few years. We've seen the games evolve and even get rebranded. Football. International dating site endometrial dating ppt single Russian and Endometrial dating ppt women who are looking for a life partner. Matchmaking service to what does relative dating mean in history beautiful Ukrainian girls and.
A selection of mathematical and scientific questions, with definitive answers presented by Dr. G233;rard P. Michon (mathematics, physics, etc. Tinder is the dating app that came out of nowhere to completely dominating the UK dating scene - find out the latest about the hugely popular dating app. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at what is hookup clearance leading African dating site. Join now Afro endometrial dating ppt site for African singles.
Endometrial dating ppt Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Sorry, Russia, you may take the credit for most of Eastern Europes crazy, but when it comes to hilarious formalwear, Bulgarian prom pictures have you beat. 2017 is the year of the left-wing sexual predator or at least the year of their quotes about dating a guy with a girlfriend. These guys are dropping so fast, it is hard to keep up with scotland dating agency. A list of characters from the Ouran High School Host Club manga and anime series.
Tropes applicable to the entire club: The Beautiful Elite: Their presence … How to Date a Cancer Woman. Some hookup online sites believe that astrological signs can affect personality. If you are attracted to someone who is a Cancer, endometrial dating ppt think Cancers.
You will get birth kundli jathaka in Tamil English. Online dating is a subjective experience, the endometrial dating ppt approach is to sign up for multiple sites. We looked into the secrets behind what makes clickbait headlines so enticing to help you write dating profile headlines that get noticed. Romance scams Elizabeth Opare; Aka: Gloria Moris, Jennifer Hammer, Melissa Harrington, Pearl Anderson, Gorgina Botchwey, Elizabeth Opara, Faith, Juliet Foster.
Bishop, Matt Hornburg. With Fab Filippo, Lauren Ash, Sean Francis, Anand Rajaram. A group of young 20-somethings engage … Got 5 Minutes offers the best speed dating experience in Connecticut and Virginia Information about stomach (gastric) cancer treatment, prevention, causes, screening, clinical trials, research and statistics from the National Cancer Institute. Choose the best dating sites from our top 5 selection. Flirt, chat and meet new people. All it takes is a simple click to find your date. Find love with us. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. After days of Googling dating sites, I finally signed up for eHarmony. It seemed the most private and the least scandalous. I was embarrassed about dating again. Video Cam Roulette - simple service for online communication and dating via webcam. Communication with random interlocutor for free and without registration Looking for flirt app. Here we've endometrial dating ppt 6 Best Flirting Apps for both Rndometrial amp; ios Endometrial dating ppt. Click to know best flirting ayi dating cost of 2016. There are many dating rules out there, but its the tried endometrial dating ppt datinv ones, the old fashioned eating ways of doing things, that endometria, do speed dating nights in bournemouth, which endonetrial why. ClixSense is a endometrial dating ppt online endometrial dating ppt with cating earning options. Endometrail now and start earning with free maine online dating online surveys, endometrial dating ppt offers, CrowdFlower Tasks and more. Get the latest breaking news across the U. enfometrial ABCNews. com The 31 Benefits of Gratitude You Didnt Know About: How Gratitude Can Change Endometrial dating ppt Life. by Amit Amin Good messages to send when messaging someone online through an online datkng endometrial dating ppt. Howl Line is the wildest chat fwb or dating quiz in the world. All the freaks and partiers are on there all the time looking to connect live with singles for wild free entertainment. MSN Health and Fitness has fitness, nutrition and medical information for men and women that will help you get active, eat right and improve your overall wellbeing Match. com, the leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of personals and photos. Go ahead, it's FREE to look. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. I remember my first girlfriend, but not so fondly. I dated her when I was 18 and 19 years old. She was the classic LA girl-whiny attitude, demanding, and. Pittsburgh shemale, transgender, transexual, crossdresser, transvestite and transsexual dating personals website with profiles and pictures FLING.
For others, however, it can be a life-ruining. Since his November 2016 election, President Donald Trump has become a new measure of compatibility. Dating, online and off, is more supercharged with politics than. Learn about Alaska's aviation history and vating daring bush pilots who opened up the Last Frontier. See rare aircraft dating back to WWI, historic photographs. Amman (English: ɑː ˈ opt ɑː n ; Arabic: عمّان ʻammān pronounced ) is the capital and most populous city of Jordan, and the country's economic.
Europe continues to create some of the best sex movies. It is with that in mind that I present this list of the best German porn to be found online today. The carbon dating method wikipedia of movies featuring romantic andor sexual relationships between endometrial dating ppt women and younger men is a fraught one. Yes, Mrs. Robinson is hot in The Graduate. Online dating site 2018-2019, 100 free datibg site 2018, Find a date to meet local singles, US Christians amp; Russian women.
Join USA 1 online dating site. Emdometrial to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian endometrial dating ppt. The only absolutely top 10 completely free dating websites free. The Heel Realization dndometrial as used in popular culture.
Few things endometrial dating ppt more crushing than realizing that you're one of the bad guys. You might exclaim My God endometrial dating ppt Freehookups. com is your 1 hookup site. With thousands joining daily, there's millions of members to browse through and no reason for you not to hookup. Register for FREE Now to View Your Matches. Sign Up amp; Start Communicating with Local Singles. Try Our Online Dating Site for More Meaningful Relationships.
Scientific Facts Proving Charles Darwin's Theory of Evolution is Wrong, False, and Endometrial dating ppt. News You Can Use. Hi, my name is Evolutionary Fraud … Hi, Evan. Im 41, happy with my rounded self, smart, direct, and articulate. Ive been told that my lack of dates is due to: 1) Endoetrial dont like smart, direct.
We endometrial dating ppt indian pakistani filipino russian sexy ensometrial cheap vip hot model escort matchmaking by date and time dubai. For massage dating call girls rates contact 971554509594. Top 10 Best Sites to Download MP3 Music Absolutely Free | Websites 2017 EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles.
Assuming just a easy wisdom of sensible research, the ebook supplies the reader a self-contained evaluation of the information and methods within the improvement of contemporary Banach area thought. designated emphasis is put on the learn of the classical Lebesgue areas Lp (and their series area analogues) and areas of constant services. The authors additionally pressure using bases and simple sequences thoughts as a device for knowing the isomorphic constitution of Banach areas. the purpose of this article is to supply the reader with the mandatory technical instruments and heritage to arrive the frontiers of study with no the creation of too many extraneous recommendations. designated and obtainable proofs are incorporated, as are quite a few workouts and problems.
Fernando Albiac obtained his PhD in 2000 from Universidad Publica de Navarra, Spain. he's presently vacationing Assistant Professor of arithmetic on the collage of Missouri,
Columbia. Nigel Kalton is Professor of arithmetic on the college of Missouri, Columbia. He has written over 2 hundred articles with greater than eighty two various co-authors, and such a lot lately, used to be the recipient of the 2004 Banach medal of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
White Noise Calculus is a distribution concept on Gaussian house, proposed by means of T. Hida in 1975. This method permits us to exploit pointwise outlined construction and annihilation operators in addition to the well-established conception of nuclear house. This self-contained monograph offers, for the 1st time, a scientific creation to operator conception on fock house via white noise calculus.
In twist of fate and Counterfactuality, a groundbreaking research of plot, Hilary P. Dannenberg units out to reply to the perennial query of ways to inform an exceptional tale. whereas plot is likely one of the such a lot necessary points of storytelling, it truly is probably the least studied point of narrative. utilizing plot thought to chart the advance of narrative fiction from the Renaissance to the current, Dannenberg demonstrates how the unconventional has advanced over the years and the way writers have constructed more and more advanced narrative innovations that faucet into key cognitive parameters normal to the reader from real-life adventure.
What you've got performed millions of instances on your sleep can now turn into a unconditionally unsleeping event with assistance from this convenient guidebook. you will soon discover ways to depart your physique and discover the astral realm with self assurance and safeguard. reaching your first astral trip adventure is often the main difficult―and no unmarried process will paintings for everybody.
Review of the U. S. Department of Defense Air, Space, and Supporting Information Systems Science and Technology Program
Then the sequence b = (bn )∞ n=1 ∈ m0 given by bn = (sgn an ) satisﬁes a − b ∞ ≤ 1 N j N if j+1 j ≤ |an | ≤ , N N j = 1, . . , N < . 14 (The Orlicz-Pettis Theorem). Suppose n=1 xn is a ∞ series in a Banach space X for which every subseries k=1 xnk converges ∞ weakly. Then n=1 xn converges unconditionally in norm. ∞ Proof. 7, there exists a bounded operator T : c0 → X with T en = xn for all n. We will show that T is actually compact. Let us look at T ∗∗ : ∞ → X ∗∗ . For every A ⊂ N let us denote by χA = (χA (k))∞ k=1 the element of ∞ such that χA (k) = 1 if k ∈ A and 0 otherwise.
That weak compactness ˘ implies weak sequentially compactness was discovered by Smulian in 1940 [207]; the more diﬃcult converse direction is due to Eberlein (1947) [51]. This result is rather hard and the original proof did not use the concept of a basic sequence, as the result predates the development of basic sequence techniques. The proof via basic sequences is due to Pelczy´ nski [172]. Basic sequences seem to provide a conceptual simpliﬁcation of the idea of the proof. 1. If (xn )∞ n=1 is a basic sequence in a Banach space and x is a weak cluster point of (xn )∞ n=1 then x = 0.
Download Assessment of Mission Size Trade-Offs for NASA's Earth and by Space Studies Board Ad Hoc Committee on the Assessment of PDF
Colores Casa Exterior - This is the latest information about Colores Casa Exterior, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
Please enter the e-mail address for your account. A verification token will be sent to you. Once you have received the token, you will be able to choose a new password for your account.
The Joomla! logo is used under a limited license granted by Open Source Matters the trademark holder in the United States and other countries.
Driving westbound on 520, take the Evergreen Point Bridge across Lake Washington to the Montlake Boulevard exit. At the end of the exit ramp, you will be heading northbound on Montlake Boulevard going toward Husky Stadium. Move into the left lane.
Just after you cross the Montlake Bridge (before Husky Stadium), move into the leftmost of the two left turn lanes and turn left onto NE Pacific Street.
Continue on Pacific Street until you reach the next intersection (third traffic signal), which is 15th Avenue NE. Turn left on 15th Avenue NE and follow the road as it winds to the left.
Stop at the parking booth and tell the attendant you are going to the Institute for Learning & Brain Sciences in the Portage Bay Building.
The attendant will tell you where to park (usually in the S1 or South Campus Parking Garage), collect a fee of $15 in cash (part of which may be refunded, depending on how long you stay), and give you a parking permit to put on your dashboard.
In the South Campus Parking Garage, go to the east end of Level M. You will see signage directing you to park in spaces marked "CHDD/EEU/I-LABS/Bloedel". From there, walk up the steps leading up to the Portage Bay Building. The Institute for Learning & Brain Sciences is in the taller, red-brick section of the building. You will see a sign for the Institute at the entrance.
The Illinois General Assembly offers the Google Translate™ service for visitor convenience. In no way should it be considered accurate as to the translation of any content herein.
Visitors of the Illinois General Assembly website are encouraged to use other translation services available on the internet.
Biography: Farmer; born March 26, 1944, in Lincoln; graduated, DeVry Institute of Technology, Chicago, 1963; married (wife, Carol), has three children and eight grandchildren.
Retailers look for new customers and are frequently trying out new methods to attract those new customers. Retail digital marketing campaigns incorporate many tactics to attract new customers and generate product sales. Start-ups and established brands utilize these methods to grow and gain market share. What are retail digital marketing campaigns? Retail marketing is focused…
Because God is always present within us, the Love, the joy, and the peace of God are always alive in us as well. They are never really lost, just obstructed at times by the things of the world. If we’re not experiencing their presence, we must overcome our inner obstacles by letting go of whatever is blocking the ongoing flow of His Spirit. Forgiveness is the “magic medicine” that dissolves these obstructions and brings us the healing we need, whether in the relationships within ourselves or in our relationships with others.
Next, we call forward the high self (the “I”) of the individual we hold a judgment against, and we begin to dialogue with the other person’s high self. We recall the incident that led to our conflict, and then express our desire to enter into the Loving with them – to forgive and dissolve whatever obstacles are between us.
As an example, we could mentally say to the other person, “At this time, I wish to enter into forgiveness with you. I forgive you for any and all things you may have done that caused me harm or disquiet, and I ask you to forgive me for anything I may have done that caused harm or disquiet to you.”
Of course, it is not just against others that we tend to build walls. In fact, most of the time that we hold grievances against others, we are also holding grievances against ourselves or God as well. So, after we have begun the process of forgiveness with the other person, we then call on our own higher self, again discussing the obstacles and expressing the desire to forgive and restore our partnership within.
The words we use can be very similar. We just imagine that our own higher self is standing before us, and then we might say something like, “At this time, I wish to enter into forgiveness with you. I forgive you for any and all things I may have done that caused you harm or disquiet, and I ask you to forgive me as well.”
Finally, we repeat the same process of forgiving with God. If we do this with sincerity, we will find that what happens for us is truly amazing. We may actually begin to see or feel our auras lighten up as we let go of the barriers that are being carried as karmic charges within us.
This process may only need to be done once. However, there are often many “pieces” to our conflicts, and we may find it necessary to repeat this exercise over several days or perhaps even longer. Once we discuss the incident itself, though, we should not recall it and discuss it again. In other words, while working with this exercise, we don’t want to keep putting energy into who did or who said what. Instead, we should just express it the first time and then let it go. Otherwise, we keep reliving the painful experience and may even reinforce the very judgments and hard feelings we are trying to release. As we repeat the exercise, we, therefore, want to focus more on the continuing desire to let go of any negativity we have been holding and to move more fully towards forgiveness and the restoration of Loving.
Journal by writing a list of things you hold against God. Then, using the forgiveness technique above, finish the following sentence: “At this time, I wish to enter into forgiveness with you God…”
Interior, Sillas Para Heladeria was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Sillas Para Heladeria has viewed by 83564 visitor.
Interior, Precio De Marmol Travertino was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Precio De Marmol Travertino has viewed by 18746 visitor.
Interior, Sillas De Comedor Precios was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Sillas De Comedor Precios has viewed by 31349 visitor.
Interior, Ofertas De Comedores was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Ofertas De Comedores has viewed by 98446 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Para Playa Y Jardin was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Muebles Para Playa Y Jardin has viewed by 20547 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Bano Pequenos Diseno was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Muebles Bano Pequenos Diseno has viewed by 9409 visitor.
Interior, Cortinas Cocina Modernas was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Cortinas Cocina Modernas has viewed by 73579 visitor.
Interior, Camas Modernas Matrimoniales was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Camas Modernas Matrimoniales has viewed by 19331 visitor.
Interior, Muebles De Estilo was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Muebles De Estilo has viewed by 1915 visitor.
Interior, Camareras De Cocina Baratas was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Camareras De Cocina Baratas has viewed by 17889 visitor.
Interior, Ideas Para Decorar Pared Cocina was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Ideas Para Decorar Pared Cocina has viewed by 97946 visitor.
Interior, Cama Nido Estructura was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Cama Nido Estructura has viewed by 33172 visitor.
Interior, Planos Para Una Cocina was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Planos Para Una Cocina has viewed by 66397 visitor.
Interior, Colores De Marmol Para Mesadas De Cocina was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Colores De Marmol Para Mesadas De Cocina has viewed by 20903 visitor.
Interior, Vinilos Pared Cocina was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Vinilos Pared Cocina has viewed by 29627 visitor.
Interior, Cuarto Adolescente was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Cuarto Adolescente has viewed by 57704 visitor.
Interior, Decoracion De Cocinas Integrales was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Decoracion De Cocinas Integrales has viewed by 35475 visitor.
Interior, Ver Sofas Y Precios was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Ver Sofas Y Precios has viewed by 38160 visitor.
Interior, Modelos De Comedores Pequea Os was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Modelos De Comedores Pequea Os has viewed by 46679 visitor.
Interior, Pintura De Paredes Originales was posted June on this site by Geckoex.com. More over Pintura De Paredes Originales has viewed by 51546 visitor.
Every day I experience life in the world of healthcare IT, supporting 3000 doctors, 18000 faculty, and 3 million patients. In this blog I record my experiences with infrastructure, applications, policies, management, and governance as well as muse on such topics such as reducing our carbon footprint, standardizing data in healthcare, and living life to its fullest.
The following is a guest blog post from Seth Berkowitz, MD, who authors many of the innovative apps in the BIDMC Crowdsourcing program:
Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School, has developed BIDMC@home, a new app for engaging patients using Apple’s CareKit and ResearchKit frameworks and the HealthKit API. The app provides a flexible framework to help patients manage their health from home, as directed by their physicians. The app will be piloted in several specific patient populations and will eventually be offered to BIDMC’s entire network of over 250,000 patients.
BIDMC@home provides personalized home monitoring in many different conditions. HealthKit allows the app to collect data from various sensors and 3rd party apps to gain a holistic picture of health and help prevent hospital readmissions. Together with HealthKit-enabled wireless devices such as scales and blood pressure cuffs, patients with congestive heart failure can use BIDMC@Home to monitor vital signs and symptoms. Daily fluid, sodium intake and important predictors of fluid retention, can also be imported via HealthKit. Connected thermometers allow patients with autoimmune diseases such as lupus and rheumatoid arthritis to better predict infections and monitor inflammation. Outpatient chemotherapy is associated with varied symptoms and side effects. The app allows these patients to better monitor their health during treatment.
BIDMC@Home simplifies complicated post-operative instructions given to patients after orthopedic surgery by utilizing the dynamic care card and allowing them to track their recovery. Major bowel surgery can place patients at risk of severe dehydration. Connected scales and electronic patient reported outcomes will help prevent complications in these patients in between visits to the doctor’s office.
Every patient has a customized care plan that is seamlessly synced from the electronic medical record via FHIR interfaces. All outpatient medications are listed and updated in real time when a provider makes a change. Patients are encouraged to adhere to their prescribed medication regimen and can also track their intake of “as needed” medications. Providers can also define a care plan for non-medication activities, such as: diet, exercise, sleep or other instructions tailored to their individual care.
An essential part of staying healthy is the plan and thought process laid out in the health care providers’ notes. All too often these are hidden in the silos of individual electronic health record systems. BIDMC@home harnesses the capabilities of the Health app in iOS 10 to serve as a secure, patient controlled, shareable database of medical records. Under the umbrella of the Open Notes initiative pioneered at BIDMC, patients will be able to view and download their physician’s notes from BIDMC, transforming their phones into true personalized health records.
As part of each patient’s individualized care plan, he/she is prompted to provide subjective and objective data to monitor health. These data include values that are synced via HealthKit from connected sensors or other apps (e.g. weight, blood pressure, heart rate, temperature, daily sodium intake) and subjective assessments. Using the ResearchKit framework, the app collects meaningful patient reported outcomes using simple questions (e.g. shortness of breath on a 0-10 scale) or more elaborate validated survey instruments.
To empower patients to take control of their own care, the app provides a dynamic graphing engine so that patients can see the relationship between measurements, medication adherence, or amount of “as needed” medications taken and the direct results. By reinforcing the relationship between treatment and outcome, we hope to reinforce positive behaviors and improve treatment compliance.
The app syncs with our secure messaging system and allows patients to quickly contact their care team members.
Life as a CIO Blog by John D. Halamka MD is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 United States License
John D. Halamka, MD, MS, is Chief Information Officer of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Chairman of the New England Healthcare Exchange Network (NEHEN), Co-Chair of the HIT Standards Committee, a full Professor at Harvard Medical School, and a practicing Emergency Physician.
We truly love technology and security and we want to share it with the world. Recognize the excitement of technology here daily:
The core specifications for Bluetooth v4.0, a technology declared one of the "10 Mobile Technologies to Watch in 2010 and 2011" by Gartner based on its perceived potential to evolve and impact short-term mobile strategies and policies, have been finalized by the Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG). The next-generation Bluetooth wireless protocol promises lower power consumption and faster transmission speeds than existing Bluetooth.
Bluetooth is the less-capable, but still ubiquitous cousin of Wi-Fi. It is an open wireless technology standard used for transmitting data over short distances using short-length radio waves. It is the technology responsible for elevators full of business professionals with little device plugged into their ears appearing to talk to themselves, and the technology found in many vehicles to pair with mobile phones and provide hands-free communications.
Functionality of this widget is not currently available because JavaScript is disabled or not supported.
All of us might be tried to load preview of an image which is to be uploaded to the server. Previously we can’t do this without uploading that particular file to the server. Now the latest versions of most of the browsers supports FILEREADER Web API. Using this we can display the preview of an image file without uploading to the server, using Javascript. The Javascript code given below:
Do you have Office documents online that you want your site viewers to view even if they don’t have Office installed?
Microsoft introduced a best solution for this. Using their Office Web Viewer we can view Microsoft office documents in browser itself. Use the below URL to do this,
I’ve been enjoying my wedding planning status to the fullest with innumerable photoshoots for my Secret Garden Fairytale themed nuptials.
Since the photos are the most significant memorabilia of the wedding which are usually displayed for a lifetime AND probably shown to future generations, I need to make sure that they’re perfect! 😀
So I’ve been trying to keep myself in a tip-top condition from head to toe for the past three months with a healthy diet, nail treatments and hair dye jobs – which is of course not the best for my scalp.
Yup, I’ve had two dye jobs within two months. Oh, how my poor mane and scalp have suffered for the sake of art and vanity.
The condition is now utterly deplorable with dry skin flaking off the scalp after every hair wash. Eek!
Since I’ve another wedding photoshoot coming up, I need to make sure I revert hair-tastrophe back to hair-bulous!
I visited one of Yun Nam’s biggest branches at Plaza Singapura. It is located conveniently beside the entrance to the carpark on the second floor.
The salon interior eminates a vibrant positive energy as their signature orange hue bursts from every corner. 😀
Before we began, I was introduced to Michelle, the branch manager of Yun Nam Hair Care who walked me through the entire scalp treatment process with drawings and visuals.
I was also asked to fill in a hair loss analysis form on which I had to declare any medical problems.
I receive a detailed microscopic analysis of my scalp to diagnose its current problems. Not a good sight. See the white stuff around the roots? Those are dandruff.
Michelle concluded that the dandruff problem is still in its early stages so she suggested a deep cleansing routine to detox the scalp of dandruff and crud. It also restores the health of the scalp and prevent hair loss problems.
Zoe explained that to allow the treatment and herbs to penetrate into the scalp and hair better, she’ll have to give my hair a light wash to remove excess oil and dirt.
She also added a specially formulated herbal lotion that is fortified with nutrients to nourish and revitalise the hair.
The products are infused with natural herbs to replenish lost nutrients in hair and revive their lustre.
At this point, I thought I smelled like a huge Ginseng root as the shampoo was mainly made up of Ginseng extracts. Don’t get me wrong. It’s definitely not a bad thing. In fact, the aroma of Ginseng was very indulging and made me feel absolutely relaxed.
Later, Zoe rinsed the bubbles away to make way for the ultimate herbal treatment to unclog and repair damaged hair follicles, stimulate new hair growth and eradicate the dandruff once and for all!
Here’s my herbal treatment that’s enriched with premium chinese herbs and their trademark dandruff paste for a thorough cleansing routine.
Now Zoe spreads the cocktail of goodness on my scalp. And guess what? I went from smelling like Ginseng to a bowl of black sesame paste. In case you’re wondering, black sesame paste is a popular Chinese dessert. Yummeh!
Then Zoe wrapped my hair with a plastic shower cap and placed a steamer hood over it to seal in the nutrients.
She rubbed my scalp lightly to reveal the white flakes that had been lurking in the roots. According to her, the colouring jobs must have dried my scalp and induced dandruff. Eek!
My Scalp Heroine, Michelle came to by rescue with a bottle of nutritional herbal lotion and applied the “dandruff antidote” on my head before washing the hair with more ginseng shampoo. Woo hoo!
Michelle finished the treatment by applying a protein lotion to strengthen the strands and a hair tonic with Ginseng essence to eliminate itchiness, dandruff and to balance pH in hair naturally. This is important as our hair and scalp oil, sebum, has a pH balance of between 4.5 and 5.5. This natural hair acidity prevents fungi and bacteria in the hair and scalp, and keeps the cuticle closed and healthy.
For better results, I’ll probably need another 5 to 10 treatments to soothe the scalp further and prevent the dandruff from returning. Well, I’ll probably come back for more treatments next month.
Subjecting my scalp to countless chemical treatments is the worst way to provoke my scalp. I don’t think I’ll be doing it again.
I’m just happy that I discovered Yun Nam’s services and products in the nick of time. No more harsh and moisture-stripping hair products! Their hair care line is made of up of a natural blend of herbs and nutrients that are extremely invigorating and nourishing for the scalp.
Do you know Yun Nam also have herbal hair dyes that can color and treat your hair at the same time? What an ironic pair, eh? While I was undergoing my hair treatment, I noticed many middle-aged and elderly folks getting their hair dyed with Yun Nam’s colouring hair series. Most of them have a glowy healthy crown!
To find out more about Yun Nam Hair Care’s safe and healthy treatments, visit their website at yunnamhaircare.com.sg and Facebook page at facebook.com/YunNamSG.
Disclaimer: Please be rest assured that even though the products and services were sponsored, they do not have any bearing on the content of this post. Opinions stated are objective and genuine. Also note that all sources, information, content, links are valid to change at any time.
Thank you for the in-depth yun nam hair care review – it’s been very helpful. I also dye my hair, and I’m aware of the damage it can do to your scalp, and how you need to be so careful to not cause longterm damage to your hair and scalp. It’s great to hear that Yun Nam Hair Care look after your scalp and hair.
Your yun nam hair care review is very helpful. I don’t know about you but I’ve always been a little skeptical about herbal formulations. But after reading your review, I wanna give it a shot leh. I think that it would be a great idea, especially because I think I overuse hair dryer so sometime I get a lot of dandruff from dry scalp. No fancy shampoos help. I’ll give YNHC a try then!
Honestly, I have mixed feelings about the treatment. The first time I tried, it just felt like a really expensive salon treatment. You look around online, and you find a lot of mixed reviews also. However, your post really pushed me to try cos quite convinced. Plus the way they access my scalp also make me quite convincing. Either way, since I could afford it, I decided to give it a try. I hated the smell of the shampoo… so herbal-ly but to my surprise, the oiliness in my scalp really significantly reduced. My advise is don’t listen to all the reviews. Go try yourself and see if suited. If not, just go someplace else lor. Simple.
Venice: The Series is a soap opera web series co-produced by and starring American actress Crystal Chappell, and is inspired in part by the "Otalia" storyline on. The prequel covers many of the characters from Venice The Series and how they came to be in each others lives and the path that led them to Season One. 1a-Venice Web Series Episode 1 Season 2. . Venice The Series - Web Series Season 3: Alternate Gina/Ani Love Scene - Duration: 2 minutes, 2 seconds.
Venice the Series (TV Series –) cast and crew credits, including actors, actresses, directors, writers and more. 22 Oct Venice the Series centers on the life of Gina Brogno – a single, gay, successful interior designer, living, loving and working in Venice Beach. Official VENICE website: ilovepandabears.com Contact VENICE: to check out the Season 2 crowdfunding campaign for our "sister series," @ITGirlsStoop!.
The latest Tweets from venicetheseries (@venicetheseries). ilovepandabears.com 0pFHfGqHGH. Venice the Series centers on the life of Gina Brogno – a single, gay, successful interior designer, living, loving and working in Venice Beach, California. It tells a. 4 Jul She currently stars as photographer Ani Martin in the Emmy award-winning web series Venice: The Series. Ani is the central piece of the. The VENICE features a contemporary design that will compliment the decor of your auditorium or lecture hall. Venice Series. The glorious building that is St Mark's Basilica (Basilica di San Marco) in Venice began modestly in the year Over the following centuries the.
Open Book Productions merchandise stores. The proceeds from sales go into our production budget so that we can continue to bring you Venice The Series. The 4th Annual Venice Design Series featuring six curated events that showcase the unique talents and artistic vision found in Venice, Malibu, Pacific. Followers, 23 Following, Posts - See Instagram photos and videos from Venice The Series (@venice_the_series). Series. Home > Series > Venice | 47 Venice 8” Widespread Lavatory Faucet. 5- 7/16" Venice StyleTherm® Trim Only with Single Volume.
The origins of the imperative, "know thyself", are lost in the sands of time, but the age-old examination of human consciousness continues here.
lizbethrose wrote: I read some of these posts and am completely at sea...What exactly are you talking about?
I've been seeing psychiatrists for years--I've been on psychiatric drugs for years--I'm not 'sick', I just ran out of serotonin years ago... Since I was born without a mental epidermis, I react to things other people can take, with only a hiccough or two, in their mental strides, in an apparent 'abnormal' way. Sure, it's abnormal--but what's abnormal? Isn't that simply outside the 'average?'
I don't see a psychiatrist for me. I see a psychiatrist for the people I have to deal with every day.
I take drugs that help me become less "different" from the people around me as well as to be able to express myself in ways that, hopefully, those people, including my psychiatrist, will try to understand and accept. At the same time, the drugs help me to understand my reactions and, again hopefully, to enable me to 'govern' my reactions so that other people understand why I've acted the way I have--or, at least, can try to accept me as I am.
"Oh, that's just Liz...She weeps for every tree that's cut down for no reason...That's just the way she is..."
My psychiatrist gives me drugs so he can understand me, as well. How else would he be able to know me, if he weren't able to give me what I need to be 'normal?'
Good to hear from you again. After seven years of this thread, have we come any closer to discovering the conditions of what it means to be normal?
I had an appointment with my psychiatrist yesterday. I asked him to not take me off my medications because I was able, during the last month, to meet a stumbling block and get through it.
But I was able to stop and understand that my insides were trembling, then gather up my control and do what I could to deal with and then change the situation. My psychiatrist and I were very proud of me.
Those of us who have been burdened with not being "normal" because of genetics--i.e., the inability to create the chemicals needed to be normal--to fall within the high points of the "normal" bell curve, are--or should be--very happy with our meds. It would be very nice if the big Pharms didn't gouge, but, then, I realize just how much neurology and the workings of the brain have advanced within even the last 20 years.
"Be what you would seem to be - or, if you'd like it put more simply - never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise."
It could be understood on another way. May be our being out of vac in the first place causes an over/under production of certain chemicals, for instance: if one is in constant fear, the production of norepinephrine , creates a constant feedback of it, setting the stage for a bio feedback of the vicious circle kind.I guess both scenarios are possible, sometimes the emotional umbalance, other times its the hormonal unbalance that starts it.
I am not against meds generally, but needless medication of people who could benefit from other treatment options, which are foreclosed whereby : such as cognitive and analytical talk therapy, for lack of funds rather then insight.
Yes, funding for psychiatric help can be difficult for most and impossible for many, especially with public psychiatric hospitals closed and with Obamacare under attack.
I really feel, however, and I've gone through both, that talk therapy alone--or drug therapy without talk therapy--doesn't work as well as a combination of both.
Drug companies do not need to publish negative results of their studies regarding a particular drug. They can then refer to just the postive result studies. A couple of researchers useod the freedom of information act to get all the results. They found that wehn looking at all studies there was a very very small, almost completely negligible postive result on average using drugs.
However, there was a very significant, iow rather large set of bad side effect results for psychotropics.
IOW it actually makes more sense to refer to the positive effects as a tiny side effect and the drugs as effective in cause bloating, dizziness, suicidal ideation, dry mouth, paranoid thoughts, serious weight gain and so on.
These drugs are good at producing problematic emotional and physical effects, and quite near null at producing positive emotional effects.
Do you have any links for those couple of researchers and their findings regarding drug studies? That was regarding psych drugs only rather than all meds right?
I live my philosophy, it's personal to me and people who engage where I live establish an unspoken dynamic, a relationship of sorts, with me and my philosophy.
Cutting folks for sport is a reality for the poor in spirit. I myself only cut the poor in spirit on Tues., Thurs., and every other Sat.
Quite frankly, I'd rather have dry mouth, which I have, than some of the thoughts and feelings I have without meds.
Reading and taking it apart, I have a question. The condition You are describing, ' do to other's involves a two fold process.
Two. Another binary: increased awareness , caused by greater intelligence. - with its own set of problems. Right? Because You are not at all an 'averige' person in terms of that.
3. A trigger: which started the process, probably in later childhood to beginning maturity, probably teen age years.
5, your own primary misunderstanding over the causes of the above, leading to lifelong neural pathways altered for again a less acceptable ' way out' of the dilemma.
6. Changes in affect, causing eeffect becoming an severe rupture in the depreciating gestalt.in the overall existential being of Your Self.
Unfortunately, depression, a serious psychological disorder, is affecting a larger part of the world population as the years go by. People who suffer from hidden depression tend to fight inner demons without anyone being aware.
Since we live in an age of superficiality, we do not always reveal our problems to others, but we tend to suppress them. However, this is not the solution! In order to be able to offer your help to someone who may be suffering from depression, you need to be able to recognize some of the major symptoms.
You have probably heard of famous people who have or had this problem. Pain can turn into a fuel for the emotions of these people and an inspiration as well. Did you know that Jim Carrey, Robin Williams, Bill Hicks, and Sarah Silverman have/had this problem?
The truth is that we all search for a purpose in our lives, but, in depressed people, this is much more accentuated because of their high level of anxiety. They tend to be obsessed with existential questions.
At a specific period, we all need aid from someone else. Therefore, if you notice that your friend or partner is constantly weak and on the verge to cry, but is hesitant, offer to talk to them. And, when you establish a bond, the trust will be stronger. This is when you need to take action. Still, make sure you do not push them too much.
In depressed individuals, it is not uncommon to see them staying in bed and sleeping for a lot of hours that can easily turn into days. However, there are situations when they also battle with insomnia.
Abandonment can be really hurting. When someone important to us leaves us all of a sudden, we cannot bear the pain. In depressed people, this pain is 100 times stronger and they can start avoiding other people to prevent more abandonment.
These people have their own methods to deal with their depression. This may be going to the gym regularly, listening to specific music, walking in the park, etc.
This disorder is known to impact the patient’s eating habits. Their eating pattern varies, that is, they can eat too much or eat little or no food.
Intelligence seems to go hand in hand with depression, which could be considered both a blessing and a curse. These people respond strongly to anything life throws at them, no matter how small or big. But, they can be excellent when it comes to solving problems.
In order to hide how they feel from the rest of the world, they are masters of hiding their mood and they can always fake a smile. They are afraid of what may happen if they bring their demons to the surface.
Depressed people can come up with extensive excuses for almost anything in order to move away the attention from their feelings.
These people have so many thoughts because they live at high speed. They are very analytical and deep.
There are advantages to being smart. People who do well on standardized tests of intelligence—IQ tests—tend to be more successful in the classroom and the workplace. Although the reasons are not fully understood, they also tend to live longer, healthier lives, and are less likely to experience negative life events such as bankruptcy.
Now there’s some bad news for people in the right tail of the IQ bell curve. In a study just published in the journal Intelligence, Pitzer College researcher Ruth Karpinski and her colleagues emailed a survey with questions about psychological and physiological disorders to members of Mensa. A “high IQ society,” Mensa requires that its members have an IQ in the top 2 percent. For most intelligence tests, this corresponds to an IQ of about 132 or higher. (The average IQ of the general population is 100.) The survey of Mensa’s highly intelligent members found that they were more likely to suffer from a range of serious disorders.
The survey covered mood disorders (depression, dysthymia and bipolar), anxiety disorders (generalized, social and obsessive-compulsive), attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism. It also covered environmental allergies, asthma and autoimmune disorders. Respondents were asked to report whether they had ever been formally diagnosed with each disorder or suspected they suffered from it. With a return rate of nearly 75 percent, Karpinski and her colleagues compared the percentage of the 3,715 respondents who reported each disorder to the national average.
The biggest differences between the Mensa group and the general population were seen for mood disorders and anxiety disorders. More than a quarter (26.7 percent) of the sample reported that they had been formally diagnosed with a mood disorder, while 20 percent reported an anxiety disorder—far higher than the national averages of around 10 percent for each. The differences were smaller, but still statistically significant and practically meaningful, for most of the other disorders. The prevalence of environmental allergies was triple the national average (33 percent vs. 11 percent).
To explain their findings, Karpinski and her colleagues propose the hyper brain/hyper body theory. This theory holds that, for all of its advantages, being highly intelligent is associated with psychological and physiological “overexcitabilities,” or OEs. A concept introduced by the Polish psychiatrist and psychologist Kazimierz Dabrowski in the 1960s, an OE is an unusually intense reaction to an environmental threat or insult. This can include anything from a startling sound to confrontation with another person.
Psychological OEs include a heighted tendency to ruminate and worry, whereas physiological OEs arise from the body’s response to stress. According to the hyper brain/hyper body theory, these two types of OEs are more common in highly intelligent people and interact with each other in a “vicious cycle” to cause both psychological and physiological dysfunction. For example, a highly intelligent person may overanalyze a disapproving comment made by a boss, imagining negative outcomes that simply wouldn’t occur to someone less intelligent. That may trigger the body’s stress response, which may make the person even more anxious.
The results of this study must be interpreted cautiously because they are correlational. Showing that a disorder is more common in a sample of people with high IQs than in the general population doesn’t prove that high intelligence is the cause of the disorder. It’s also possible that people who join Mensa differ from other people in ways other than just IQ. For example, people preoccupied with intellectual pursuits may spend less time than the average person on physical exercise and social interaction, both of which have been shown to have broad benefits for psychological and physical health.
All the same, Karpinski and her colleagues’ findings set the stage for research that promises to shed new light on the link between intelligence and health. One possibility is that associations between intelligence and health outcomes reflect pleiotropy, which occurs when a gene influences seemingly unrelated traits. There is already some evidence to suggest that this is the case. In a 2015 study, Rosalind Arden and her colleagues concluded that the association between IQ and longevity is mostly explained by genetic factors.
From a practical standpoint, this research may ultimately lead to insights about how to improve people’s psychological and physical well-being. If overexcitabilities turn out to be the mechanism underlying the IQ-health relationship, then interventions aimed at curbing these sometimes maladaptive responses may help people lead happier, healthier lives.
My friend is an anti-natalist which means that she doesn't believe human baby's should be born so thoughtlessly or maybe not at all, she says. 8ut only because what we get out of life doesn't measure up to what it does to us.
Destiny wrote: ...which means that she doesn't believe human baby's should be born so thoughtlessly or maybe not at all.
anand_droog wrote: PS: Geographically, the general extent of thinkers' hardship, which characterizes overly barbarian cultures, is roughly proportional to the contours of this graph:
The relation between depression and intelligence, I believe, comes because the person doesn't accept that the things that bother him or her are important.
The day I decided to admit they were important was the day I became free. But still I was depressed because I was so alienated from these problems from pretending for so long that they weren't important. I had to acquaint myself with them, do in little time what my body expected me to be doing the whole time. And then one day before I knew it I was happy.
Also I had to work on my other disease, drug addiction, which feeds so well from depression. That's just a matter of drugs affect me more deeply than none addicts, tangling that power up with avoiding pain finally triggered the addiction, where drugs are more fundamental to me than happiness or anything. So I can't use them anymore, and the way to quit them is a trip. I guess healing from both diseases came hand in hand. Leaving depression gave me the reason and quitting drugs the means.
Along the way a lot of magic and beauty which effects are still unfolding. It was all worth it. Goddamn I'm a lucky man.
Anyway, I gave my prescription for depression, but for drug addiction it's more.complicated, to do with more basic neural pathways, so you really need professionals. I say go with tecovered or recovering addicts that channel or become professionals, so AA and rehabs that use the Minnesota method.
"I am not fazed by myself. I have dragged myself through too much of myself to be fazed. Others are disturbed by the slightes articulation of themselves. But they are unfazed by the machine."
As I was being driven off to the airport bound for my rehab in Venezuela, Fixed Cross called. I told him "it begins." Maybe he didn't know what I meant, even though I had talked about it. I meant the project of health.
Perhaps because of this, and so we teach ourselves by tapping into what's inherently/innately within.. I guess that is why I have felt that I am not here to teach, but to experience experiences.
My mother, a fan of dog training, says she has become convinced that dogs do not require training, dog owners do.
To use PDX serialization, you can configure and use GemFire's reflection-based autoserializer, or you can program the serialization of your objects by using the PDX interfaces and classes.
Optionally, program your application code to deserialize individual fields out of PDX representations of your serialized objects. You may also need to persist your PDX metadata to disk for recovery on startup.
Use one of these serialization options for each object type that you want to serialize using PDX serialization:
To ensure that your servers do not need to load the application classes, set the pdx read-serialized attribute to true. In gfsh, execute the following command before starting up your servers:
By using gfsh, this configuration can propagated across the cluster through the Cluster Configuration Service. Alternately, you would need to configure pdx read-serialized in each server's cache.xml file.
(Optional) Wherever you run explicit application code to retrieve and manage your cached entries, you may want to manage your data objects without using full deserialization. To do this, see Programming Your Application to Use PdxInstances.
Wants to make an explainer video but not have any idea where have to go for unique explainer video? You are the right place now, explainervideo4u provide the one-stop solution for you.
Explainervideo4u is the top-ranked explainer video company which provide their services in New Jersey, New York, California, Texas, Florida, Chicago, Toronto, Vancouver and also all around the globe.
The portfolio is the first thing to showcase their creativity for any company. Explainervideo4u have a lot of unique explainer videos in their portfolio which makes us best explainer video company in the USA.
Wants to explain your newly launched Mobile app, but not have an idea how you can do this? Don't waste your time and contact us for explaining your mobile app by app tutorial video. This is one of the most unique services of explainervideo4u.
Web Tutorial Video is mostly used for explaining your services provided through your Web site. Explainervideo4u have great Web Tutorial Videos in their portfolio.
Live footage video or Corporate video is the powerful technique for picturization your thoughts through live shoot videos. Explainervideo4u has lots of creative works for Live footage or corporate video.
Explainervideo4u is the right place where you can convert your idea into a most unique whiteboard video. Explainer video awarded as a best whiteboard video company.
Explainervideo4u makes an explainer video or animated video for providing uniqueness to your story. Animated Explainer video is always, the best medium for explaining your story.
Explainervideo4u is a handcrafted explainer video company which helps you to explain anything through Explainer Video, White Board Video, Promotional Video, Corporate Video, Youtube Marketing Video, Landing Page Video, Infographic video.
75seconds is an animated explainer video production company. We help you to grow your business fast. We provide our services all around the world.
Leena. Age: 21. Im Eve please contact me and lets huge sum fun my time its limited so don't miss me out xxxxxxxx
This all black pool party was a groupsex fuckfest from the start a free site with 12 orgies-groupsex movie clips. Vintage group sex scene 1. This site is rated with RTA label. We can't be held responsible for your actions. Dirty Flix - Taissia Shanti - Double oil massage. Real euro amateur gets spitroasted. Three lesbian girlfriends eating and fingering each others pussy a free site with 8 lesbians movie clips.
There are also membership sites with hundreds or thousands of complete movies, plus photos and other members-only content. Want to see full-length new releases from the biggest adult hardcore studios? Ultimate He Shes - Scene 3. Mother Claus knows how to make them happy. Lucky guy gets fucked by 2 hot girls.
The right grooming essentials help a man create his own timeless look, naturally. At Gents and Lords we’ve upgraded men’s grooming essentials to reflect the modern gentleman’s esthetic.
This site is dedicated to the memory of both the Germania Broadcast and its founder, William L. Klein. It has been put together thanks to the efforts of Mr. Klein's sons and daughter, Leo, Julius and Regina, their mother and Mr. Klein's wife, Marilyn L. Klein, as well as audio digitization help from Bob Wayne. [ Read more... ]
A semi-documentary dramatization of five weeks in the life of Vice Admiral William F. "Bull" Halsey, Jr., from his assignment to command the U.S. naval operations in the South Pacific to the Allied victory at Guadalcanal.
A giant asteroid is heading toward Earth so some astronauts disembark from a nearby space station to blow it up. The mission is successful, and they return to the station unknowingly bringing back a gooey green substance that mutates into ...
An aging Pat Garrett is hired as a lawman on behalf of a group of wealthy New Mexico cattle barons--his sole purpose being to bring down his old friend Billy the Kid.
12 American military prisoners in World War II are ordered to infiltrate a well-guarded enemy château and kill the Nazi officers vacationing there. The soldiers, most of whom are facing death sentences for a variety of violent crimes, agree to ...
An alien takes the form of a young widow's husband and asks her to drive him from Wisconsin to Arizona. The government tries to stop them.
1968 American war film about the formation and first mission of the joint Canadian-American WWII special forces winter and mountain unit formally called 1st Special Service Force, but commonly known as “The Devil’s Brigade”. The film dramatises the Brigade's ...
Sheriff Buford Pusser continues his one-man war against moonshiners and a ruthless crime syndicate after the murder of his wife in late 1960's Tennessee.
Cattle baron John Chisum joins forces with Billy the Kid and Pat Garrett to fight the Lincoln County land war.
Chicago hotel clerk Frank Harris dreams of life as a cowboy, and he gets his chance when, jilted by the father of the woman he loves, he joins Tom Reece and his cattle-driving outfit. Soon, though, the tenderfoot finds out ...
Dave Evans, a small time farmer, is hired to escort Ben Wade, a dangerous outlaw, to Yuma. As Evans and Wade wait for the 3:10 train to Yuma, Wade's gang is racing to free him.
When DEA agents are taken captive by a ruthless South American kingpin, the Delta Force is reunited to rescue them in this sequel to the 1986 film.
Spenser: For Hire is a mystery television series based on Robert B. Parker's Spenser novels. The series, developed for TV by John Wilder, differs from the novels, mostly in its lesser degree of detail. Like many TV detective series, the show ...
Salvage 1 is an American science fiction series that aired for 16 episodes on ABC during 1979. The pilot film, Salvage, aired on January 20, 1979 to high ratings. Noted science fiction author Isaac Asimov served as the show's scientific adviser.
Did you know that fashion colors & styles are not only for women? Or that the color & fashion style choices you make can impact your professional, personal and even your dating success?
The clothes you wear affect your image. By wearing the right colors & styles for the occasion, you change the way people perceive you. In your professional environment, this translates into getting promotions or making more sales. For your personal life, it can mean more luck with relationships. Discover which colors & clothing styles go well together and look best on you, allowing you to tailor your wardrobe to your personal image & lifestyle.
Choosing the right clothing color & style combinations is an art and a science. By using our services, you will learn what colors & styles work for you, as well as how to easily color coordinate your suits, shirts, ties and accessories, ensuring you are presenting a crisp, professional image. You will be able to look great for any occasion and cut your shopping time by knowing exactly what to buy. Boost your confidence & self-esteem as well as look more youthful by using the styles & colors that best suit you.
Whether you are looking for a business casual style that maintains a power look at the office, stylish apparel for social events, appropriate clothing items for your leisure activities, want to look younger, or simply need an image update, we can help.
If you have any questions, or would like to book an appointment, we’d be delighted to talk with you. Contact us using the form below and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
When I was looking for an image consultant, one very important criteria for me was to find someone who was certified in their field and Giselle fit that, being certified by the association of Image consultants. I met Giselle for ... more
Perhaps as a man you’ve never considered overhauling your closet. With Giselle you’ll find out it’s not only a smart investment, but it’s also fun. I’m a guy who used to hate shopping for clothes because I never knew what ... more
Thank you Giselle for your advice on how to enhance my appearance. I now feel more confident… I now look ” The Part”
Since having my colours and styling done, I’ve noticed a change in the way I shop for clothes. Thanks to her expertise, Giselle was able to make me see what colours looked best on me and what colours that didn’t ... more
I was skeptical at first but my wife had her colours done and she does look fabulous. So, if it did wonders for her, I said to myself imagine what it could do for me?. At 49 I also wanted ... more
It is with great pleasure that I summarize here the positive changes thanks to Giselle. In January 2006, I had many negative events in my life and I wanted to completely change renew my image. After a bit of research ... more
Being the best you can be goes beyond style, which is why we've partnered with the following businesses. Click on them to learn more.
We know that watching videos online from VTC is for free, but downloading videos from VTC is not as easy as watching them online. Luckily, this article will share a professional VTC Downloader - GetFLV with which you can download any VTC video you like to your home computer, laptop, mobile phones, LED TV, etc for your personal and offline uses.
GetFLV is very a simple and efficient video downloading tool that lets you download your favorite videos from VTC. This software also allows you to download the videos from various popular video hosting websites like YouTube, Vimeo, Hulu, Dailymotion and more. You can also download videos from Blackboard, cgcookie, A Cloud Guru, ClickView, 3D Buzz, Frontend Masters, Secret Entourage, eclassesbyravindra, Lynda. Full list of supported sites
The guide below will show you how to take use of such a wonderful VTC Video Downloader to download videos from VTC.
In "Downloader Window", you can monitor the process of the downloading task. GetFLV can download your VTC video at up to 10x normal download speeds. You can watch your VTC video while it's still downloading through GetFLV's built-in player. For the stopped tasks, you can also resume them.
Millions save articles into Instapaper every single day, from long articles, useful videos, to short reads. Instapaper has become a routine tool for many to help learn more and keep updated with the world’s news.
We introduced the Instapaper integration in the last few weeks and found users love this feature for saving important links, right from their Inbox. Let us know how you like the Instapaper integration in the comments.
Dear Gethsemaneans and missions partners (in Singapore, the Philippines, Ethiopia, Malaysia, India, and more),
Since Gethsemane Bible Institute commenced in Ethiopia in 2012, I have given much of my time to teach God’s Word. Normally I teach 4-6 courses per term (2 courses in regular day classes, 1 or 2 courses in the evening classes, and also 1 or 2 in the weekend distance-learning classes).
Teaching in GBI caused me to realise my need for further learning. I had not taken some of the important courses for biblical interpretation, such as Hebrew and Greek languages in my undergraduate studies. I had also to learn to defend the truth of His Word in this age of biblical and theological criticism and confusion. By the guidance of the Lord, I joined the Ethiopian Graduate School of Theology (EGST) in May 2015. I registered for the Master of Arts in Biblical and Theological Studies (MABTS) programme, and concentrated on Old Testament studies. By the grace of God, through your prayers and support, I have completed the programme and graduated in July 2018. The topic of my MA thesis is: Cain’s Failure to Maintain Vertical Relationship as the Cause for His Failure in Horizontal Relationship: A Narrative Analysis of Genesis 4:1-16. (You may read a summary of learning points gleaned from my thesis, as attached.)
I am much thankful to God for His grace, provision, and protection as I have been travelling from Alemgena to Sarbet (in the middle of Addis Ababa, where EGST is located). The Lord has preserved my health these three years so that I am able to complete my studies. May the Lord bless you all for standing by me and sharing in this success with me.
Since I began my part-time class at the EGST, I was not able to teach in the evening class because most of my EGST classes were in the evenings. Now I turned to teach the evening class this summer. Currently, I am teaching 5 courses (3 evening courses: on Discipleship, Servant Leadership, and Comparative Religion; and 2 distance-learning courses: on Ten Commandments, and a study of 1 & 2 Kings).
Side by side with teaching in GBI, I am serving in the following areas as well: preaching during the Lord’s Day service (at least once per month respectively in Alemgena and Addis Ababa, as assigned by Rev. Ephrem), teaching children’s Sunday school class in Alemgena, singing in the choir, and evangelism.
It is my pleasure and honour to serve the Lord in His vineyard with you, and share God’s doings in my life with you.
Cain’s Failure to Maintain Vertical Relationship as the Cause for His Failure in Horizontal Relationship: A Narrative Analysis of Genesis 4:1-16
Cain’s failure to maintain “brother-to-brother” horizontal relationship was the consequence of his broken vertical relationship with God through his unacceptable offering. Thus, he killed Abel in anger against God and out of jealousy of his brother’s success, denying his responsibility. Sadly, modern scholars’ explanation of shifting the blame on God for rejecting Cain’s unacceptable gift is a gross misrepresentation of God’s just character. God was not the cause for Cain’s crisis; the problem lies in the behaviour of the man himself and in his unacceptable offering.
As worshippers of the sovereign and just God of Cain and Abel, we should be aware that God regards or disregards offerings that are presented before His altar. We should also be aware that failure to maintain our vertical relationship with God has a direct bearing on our failure to maintain right relationships with others, thereby leading us into tragedy. So, we must obey God in all that He commands us and demands of us. When He does not respond to us the way we expect, we shouldn’t be wrathful against God because He is not unjust in His doings. Rather, we should examine ourselves, admit our failure, and repent. We should also take God’s word of advice or warning seriously because all that He commands us is intended for our good.
When we read about God’s dealings with individuals or groups of people in the Bible, which are difficult to explain, we shouldn’t doubt His just and righteous character. We should humble ourselves and pray to God to help us understand those things.
Every human being is responsible for his “brother” – the other fellow human being – because we are our brothers’ keepers. Though we are not able to take responsibility for all the whereabouts of other people, we should do what we can for those who are next to us. At the same time, we should know that human life is sacred, for man is created in the image of God. The LORD prohibits murder, so we must never take a human life. We must not use the power that we have in our hand (whether it be authority or physical strength) to hurt others. We should be aware of the fact that the powerless innocent may physically die, but we are the ones who would ultimately suffer because of God’s just judgment! In the New Testament, hatred for a brother is equated with murder (1 John 3:15). A murderer will not inherit eternal life. So we should avoid envy, anger and verbal abuses against a brother because such emotions and actions are fruits of hatred. These attitudes can lead us into the actual physical attack and taking away of life. Positively, we should love our neighbours as ourselves, in fulfilment of our Lord’s commandment (cf. Matthew 22:39).
God’s omniscience is both a warning and an encouragement to us in our relationship with others. Even though we may hide or deny what we did or planned against our brother’s life, God sees every attitude and action of every human being, and thus we cannot escape His judgment. We should always examine our attitudes and actions towards our fellow brother. If we discover that we are doing or planning to do evil, or if our actions are accompanied with arrogance, greed, envy, anger, and hatred against others and their success, we should know that we are going the way of Cain. Therefore, we must quickly turn away in repentance. On the other hand, God’s omniscience is an encouragement to us because He sees what others think or plan against us, and He will protect us from all their secret snares, in accordance with His sovereign will.
Parent company of the huge conglomerate of internet websites. Blue Gumbo LLC has advertising available in business, entertainment, and health.
The Pot Of Gold invites people to Join as at The Golden Circle Organization where they will learn how to collect $2,000,000 for themself legally.
We are a search engine and directory that enables backwards links to your site. Grab your keyword before they are gone.
One of America''s leading suppliers of custom promotional products, business promotional items and corporate gift ideas.
We are article stamp at our site, you''re not only provided with a central location for submitting and promoting all of your articles, you also have a powerful resource for website owners and ezine or newsletter publishers!
Power Copywriting For The Internet By Bob Serling The best online course of Internet copywriting. Learn how to write copy that sells.
Fram Systems will unleash the awesome power locked in your business. Employ the same strategies used by Nabisco, AT&T and Coca Cola to grow your business.
Description Pierre Hasquenoph, Betsy Jolas, Darius Milhaud, and two others gather around a piano. Jolas is at the piano. A note on the verso reads "June 1954 at the class" and "taken by Behln."
1200 x 844 pxA look at the seats up for grabs in Pakistan's elections | World .... Suicide blast kills 31 as Pakistan holds general elections.
5616 x 3159 pxPakistan election gets under way with Imran Khan among leadership .... Polls have opened in Pakistan to choose the country's prime minister, members of the lower house of parliament and four provincial assemblies after an ....
1227 x 720 pxMany dead after suicide blast on Pakistan's election day | SBS News. Pakistani election staff prepare election material ahead of voting..
1200 x 800 pxPakistan's 2018 election, explained: who's running and why it .... More than 105 million Pakistani voters will decide the country's next prime minister on Wednesday, July 25. SS MIRZA/AFP/Getty Images.
1280 x 720 pxPakistan Elections 2018: Voting begins for 272 National Assembly .... Pakistan Elections 2018: Voting begins for 272 National Assembly seats, 577 provincial seats amid tight security.
1280 x 720 pxPakistan Elections 2018: Tight race between Imran Khan's PTI, Nawaz .... Pakistani election workers collect ballot boxes and polling material from a distribution centre in Quetta,.
1200 x 800 pxSuicide blast kills 31 as Pakistan holds general elections .... Suicide blast kills 31 as Pakistan holds general elections.
5760 x 3840 pxKashmiris watch Pakistan elections with interest – Latest News,Hindi .... Kashmiris watch Pakistan elections with interest.
1280 x 854 pxPakistan's Imran Khan seeks election win over jailed ex-PM's party .... Imran Khan, chairman of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) gestures while addressing his supporters during a campaign meeting ahead of general elections in ....
5063 x 3510 pxSuicide blast kills 31 as Pakistan holds general elections | WNWO. A Pakistani soldier stands guard at a polling station during the parliamentary elections in Islamabad,.
custom bay window cushions custom made window seat cushion and pillow project by hearth and home custom bay window cushions singapore.
Top Ten Secrets to Saving Big Money in the Airline Flights. They don't rely on the ever-famous "airfare price-wars". They don't rely on their travel agents to save money while flying
Free Article Submission Directory Use key content from here to republish on your web sites. Register and submit rich content enzines for free web site promotion. Join the high traffic blog and the social sites with this white seo marketing method!
Although it is 2015 and most gay and lesbian tourists encounter no problems whilst travelling it still helps to research as much as possible on your destination before your trip. There are still places around the world where homosexuality is not tolerated and even outlawed.
Homosexuality is still illegal in Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Syria, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, Bahrain and Palestine. In some countries same-sex relationships might be legal in some regions but not others. Other countries may not declare homosexuality illegal outright but consider it taboo and not socially acceptable. While you don’t have to necessarily avoid these countries it’s best to research the laws, customs and attitudes of your destination with regard to gay and lesbian issues before you arrive.
Even places like the United States or some parts in Western Europe where gay marriage is legal gay hate crimes still occur. In an ideal world members of the gay and lesbian community wouldn’t have to worry about being discriminated against, however there are still members of society who are intolerant to people because of their sexual preference. In some countries this attitude is more prevalent than others.
To help protect yourself as a gay or lesbian traveller we’ve put together some tips to help keep you safe on your next overseas adventure-
· Always be a responsible tourist no matter where you’re travelling to. Try to avoid looking “touristy” and do not leave your luggage and personal effects unattended.
· Avoid walking alone at night especially in streets without adequate street lighting. This goes for any person in any country.
· Whether you like it or not you should always remember that you are subject to the laws in the country that you are visiting and adhere to them. No exceptions.
· If you are travelling with your partner it’s best to keep the public displays of affection to a minimum in countries less tolerant than others. In countries where homosexuality is illegal avoid them all together.
· If you don’t have a specific destination in mind consider destinations like Las Vegas USA, Puerto Vallarta Mexico, Copenhagen Denmark or Oahu in Hawaii that are known to welcome and celebrate the gay community.
· Dress appropriately for the country you are heading too. If you are heading to a conservative country ensure you cover up and be aware that things such as outlandish jewellery can bring unwanted attention to yourself.
· If you are on the unfortunate end of unwelcome attention then the best thing to do is ignore it. Reacting to it can make a situation escalate into something more serious.
· As a general rule of thumb you are more likely to experience difficulties in rural areas. Some places in these areas will not accept bookings from same-sex couples. Phone ahead and check before arriving.
Police in some conservative countries or regions have been known to monitor chat rooms and other internet meeting places to entrap people in the gay community. Avoid these forums in conservative countries.
offers a range of travel insurance policies to suit gay, lesbian and other travellers. From unlimited medical and hospital expenses, 24 hour emergency assistance, cover for your personal effects and luggage there is a policy to protect you on your next overseas adventure.
Historic Train Journeys in Yorkshire - *John Newton returned to his roots in northern England to jump aboard the Settle to Carlisle train, which runs across a stunning viaduct and takes in th...
Greece: Back to Basics - SLOW TRAVEL #2 The first Greek island I visited more than 35 years ago was Poros. I had spent some time in Athens and jumped on a ferry that was a kind of ...
Sydney’s QVB turns 120 – share your story to win - Since moving to Sydney 20-odd years ago I’ve come to love the elegant Queen Victoria Building, which occupies and entire city block. But like many of the s...
End of an Era? - Lately I've been struck how many once-successful businesses have been forced to 'move on' - to adapt (or die) when their original competitive advantage has...
Hong Kong to Washington DC with Cathay Pacific Airbus A350-1000: Fly it then Bindu it. - Cathay Pacific welcomed the newest member to its fleet as the first of its 20 Airbus A350-1000 aircraft prepares to fly from Toulouse, France to the airl...
La belle France - At a time of unfathomable horror, with Paris in tears, I think it worth posting a reminder of France at its best and most beautiful - a perfect example o...
2017 Latest release Air Jordan 13 Retro "Altitudes" online sale, the upper is leather. Fluorescent green is cool. Men's US size 8~13.
A brand-new, unused, and unworn item in the packaging (such as the box or bag) and/or with the tags attached, original quality.
The Digital Research Library of Illinois History® was developed to support the Facebook history group; "Living History of Illinois and Chicago®" (LHIC) as a knowledgebase and repository for Illinois documents, books, research papers, and other Illinois history resources. Our mission is to present, preserve and investigate Illinois history.
We are proud supporters of the yearly Illinois regional state History Fairs and the Statewide finals, held in Springfield, for Junior (6th-8th grades) and Senior high school students. Volunteer judges are needed statewide for the Illinois regions and the Chicago Metro History Fairs. Please email for more information or to volunteer as a judge for the 2018 school year.
We've got your ticket to the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. If you love the Chicago World's Fair... you found Utopia!
The Reading Room contains antique books, research papers, photographs, listing of the "special days," and amazing 3D CAD video tours.
We are pleased to announce the creation of the Digital Research Library of Illinois History Journal™ "Saving Illinois history, one story at a time."
The Journal presents the "best of" our Facebook group posts and new stories in a friendlier format. Being membership free, anybody can add their comments to the postings in the Journal.
Listen to historical accounts being read outloud while you look-over the photographs and images that are presented with the text version.
The evolution of teaching and presenting history, in a meaningful and memorable way, has taken a huge leap forward. The use of social media allows Living History of Illinois and Chicago® group members and the non-membership Digital Research Library of Illinois History Journal™ to add to the richness of the historical presentions with their historical knowledge, personal experience and supporting documents. The result truly enriches the experience for all readers.
NOTE: Many of the books, documents and videos in the Digital Research Library of Illinois History® are VERY LARGE FILE SIZES. Please be patient when downloading a file as the time it takes to complete the download is dependent upon the users bandwidth speed. The materials provided in the Digital Research Library of Illinois History® are appropriate for readers that are at least 13 years old. [PG-13]. Parental supervision suggested.
Army Life of an Illinois Soldier, Including a Day by Day Record of Sherman's March to the Sea. pub:1906
Burma-Shave History. Including over 500 multi-sign advertising messages seen on Illinois and US Highways.
History of Southern Illinois, its Historical Progress, People, Principal Interests. pub:1912 - Volumes 01, 02, 03
Nicholas Jarrot Mansion, Cahokia, Illinois - Illinois' Oldest Brick House Blueprints. [completed 1806]
Skokie (Niles Centre), Illinois - Old businesses within a block radius from downtown Skokie's center.
The Early History of Illinois: from discovery by the French in 1673, until cession to Great Britain in 1763.
Jokes told by Lincoln; selected from the Illinois State Historical Library Lincoln collection. pub:1960
Opinions on 'slavery,' and 'reconstruction of the Union,' as expressed by President Lincoln. pub:1864
Narrative of the Mssacre at Chicago, Saturday, August 15, 1812, and of some preceding events. pub:1914
The Great Chicago Theater Disaster, (Iroquois Theater Fire of 1903) Story told by Survivors. pub:1904
NOTE: The books and documents are in the public domain and therefore, the copyright has expired. If there is any material on this website that is copyrighted, all rights belong to the copyright owner. The Digital Research Library of Illinois History website provides this information as an Illinois historical knowledge base. Contact - LivingHistoryOfIllinois@yahoo.com
GGI News Analysis is a unique project initiated by GreatGameIndia to provide meaning and context to the randomly provided news day-in and day-out which often leaves the common populace wondering as to its real significance. We at GGI News would not only analyze daily news but also place it in the right perspective for our readers to understand it and thereby form their own independent opinion from the facts provided. Subscribe to our email newsletters or follow our page on Facebook and Twitter for more such analysis, debates and discussions related to geopolitics and international affairs from an Indian perspective. If you would like to contribute, please email us your story suggestions.
More than 12 lakhs (1.2 million) bankers working in around 10,300 branches around India are on a one-day nationwide strike today protesting against the...
This article is the final part of the Global War on Cash Series published in the Apr-Jun 2017 Demonetization issue of GreatGameIndia. Previous parts can be read below. Covered in...
This article is part 4 of the Global War on Cash Series published in the Apr-Jun 2017 Demonetization issue of GreatGameIndia. Previous parts can be read below. Covered in this...
Awesome Boeing 744 Seating Plan – From the thousands of photographs on-line about boeing 744 seating plan, we all choices the best selections together with ideal resolution only for you, and this photographs is usually considered one of photos collections inside our ideal pictures gallery about Awesome Boeing 744 Seating Plan. I’m hoping you may like it. This particular picture (Boeing 744 Seating Plan Lovely B747 400 Config 1 Qantas Seat Maps Reviews) over will be branded with: boeing 744 seating map,boeing 744 seating plan ba,boeing 744 seating plan british airways,boeing 744 seating plan qantas,seating plan for boeing 744,seating plan on boeing 744,virgin boeing 744 seating plan, submitted by means of admin on 2018-11-08 12:04:14. To see just about all graphics inside Awesome Boeing 744 Seating Plan graphics gallery please follow this kind of link. The Most Incredible in addition to Beautiful boeing 744 seating plan for Encourage Your house Present Home Inviting DreamResidence]@
I received word last week that my new Mac Pro has arrived, but our IT group is a bit backed up. It will probably be next week before they finish staging the system.
They’ve at least unpacked the beast — I recently discovered a monstrous, empty Mac Pro box abandoned in the hallway as I skulked around their lair.
I’m really excited to give the new Parallels Beta with Coherence a try. I downloaded it and installed it on my MBP, but I had a lot of beta-esque crashing of apps and had to back it out until after my classes are over for the semester. With the new machine I’ll have a little more freedom to experiment with the functional MBP as my backup.
© 2018 ImGrid | This website uses the Instagram API but is not endorsed or certified by Instagram. We have no association with Instagram.
Moved my sprawling project on Moore's graphic novel to a new site. Minor literature in the good, Deleuzian sense.
Experience beautiful Brazilian scenery, meet locals and Olympic officials, explore the Olympic venues, and watch athletes train in 360 at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games with immersiv.ly
Ed Miller, head of visuals at immersiv.ly, took a 360-degree video rig to the slopes, and to the air, over Val Thorens, in the French Alps. Join him at the heart of the action as he glides by ski and through the air
The City of the Angels is a magnet for artists, athletes, actors and, more than ever before, start-up entrepreneurs. We filmed a series of 360-degree documentaries to tell their stories.
By ticking this box I accept immersiv.ly's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. I also consent to my email address being used to send updates on immersiv.ly, and in other ways described in the Privacy Policy
GIFT has a weekly seminar on March 29th. You can find the more details as following picture. Due to the limit of slide-space, whole abstract couldn't be shown in the following picture. Please find the attachmen…
GIFT has a weekly seminar on March 15th. You can find the more details as following picture. Due to the limit of slide-space, whole abstract couldn't be shown in the following picture. Please find the attachmen…
Presentation to Postgraduate Diploma in Special Educational Needs NUIM PGDIP SEN 02 2015 National University of Ireland, Maynooth February 2015
Presentation in Athlone Education Centre 10th November 2015 Recognising Gifted Children Primary Classroom
I’m delighted to announce the launch of ‘Open Gifted – An Introduction to Gifted Education’. Open Gifted is an open, short, online course on Gifted […]
The Centre for Talented Youth Ireland based in Dublin City University, Ireland today launched ‘Gifted Education in Ireland and the United States‘ in collaboration with […]
Ciaran Cannon TD is an advocate of the needs of gifted children and of the importance of technology in education. On Saturday, a new book […]
Today the Centre for Talented Youth Ireland launched a seminal report on the educator beliefs and practices of teachers in Ireland with regard to gifted children. […]
It was a real, if somewhat hectic, pleasure to present to UCD’s PDE Teach Meet on teaching gifted children on March 11th. Hopefully the start […]
TeachMeet East in St. Patrick’s National School, Glencullen, on March 6th was my first time presenting at a TeachMeet. A 7 minute crash course in […]
This page contains information for both educators and parents working with gifted and twice-exceptional children.
This section will contain both general and specific teaching strategies that apply working with 2e children.
This section is dedicated to assisting parents of both gifted and twice-exceptional children as they traverse the educational landscape.
Teaching the twice-exceptional student can be a taxing chore. However, once you invest the time, energy, and patience into the twice-exceptional child the resulting reward can be akin to watching the butterfly emerge from the cocoon. Despite their amplified frustrating disability(s), twice-exceptional students have immense potential and are generally highly gifted.
Students with innate intellectual potential have the ability to learn more quickly, more deeply, and with greater intensity than the average child. The key here, however, is the term potential. Gifted students still need an empathetic teacher willing to take them on that marvelous journey. Here are a few ways to do that.
© 2018 Gifted Math Program, Graduate School of Education, University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.
Find gifts by describing the person you are trying to buy for. Use things like who they are (dad), their hobbies (star wars), their personality (geek, gamer). Other popular tag categories include jobs (engineer), and location (kitchen, garden).
Find gifts by describing the person you are trying to buy for. Use things like who they are (dad), their hobbies (star wars), their personality (geek, gamer).
Mario and Luigi race to save the game surrounded by icons and characters from your favorite video game. Cuddle up in this warm throw for a long day of video game fun.
Some dragons are helpful. Rest peacefully knowing this dragon is guarding the most important thing in the room.
Pleo looks, moves, sounds and behaves like a living creature. Fully aware and cognitive, he explores his environment and interacts with people, accessories and other UGOBE dinosaurs.
The classics of menswear and video games have finally come together to bring you this remarkable men's Tetris necktie.
Dancing to Cantina Music, bringing you drinks and guarding your precious stuff. What more could you ask for from the most faithful robot in the galaxy?
Sometimes I wish I could roam around the mall like it were Azeroth. Now I can with my World of Warcraft Troll Mask!
the original and world's first caffeinated soap from ThinkGeek. When you think about it, ShowerShock is the ultimate clean buzz ;)
Feel the Force as you transform yourself into a Jedi. Fully harnesses the power of the Kinect platform to deliver a natural and intuitive Star Wars experience.
A superb character mini figure style clock from the masters at Lego, featuring Alarm and a Snooze Button!
Construct your own Jedi lightsaber and mount your creation as a room light on the wall. Eight color effects let kids personalize their lightsaber, and a wireless remote control turns the light on and off.
Created for accessibility and comfort, the Classic Controller Pro blends design elements from game systems such as the NES, Super NES, and Nintendo 64 providing seamless play control for a wide range of games.
It relieves tension as it softly massages acupressure points and stimulates sensitive nerves in your scalp.
Amazing all-in-one digital microscope takes scientific inquiry to a new level - yet is easy for even a young child to use.
Packaged in an exotic hand-made dark mahogany bamboo case, this Flowering Gift Set is filled with six bouquets of tea leaves that blossom into a myriad of flavors from sweet and subtle to rich and bold.
This specific Roomba model systematically cleans up to three* rooms on a single charge and gets into hard-to-reach wall edges and beneath furniture, while avoiding stairs and other drop-offs.
Radica 20Q Artificial Intelligence Game - Colors may vary since the item may come in 3 different colors
I didn't believe it would work, but I tested the online version and it got 'Satellite' correct. Impressed.
This Star Wars X-Wing Pilot Hoodie is specifically customized to reflect Luke Skywalker's jumpsuit, visor and specific helmet designs.
Great for the office or when traveling, this innovative teapot releases infused tea into a drinking cup. When tea is ready, simply place it atop the cup, causing a valve at the bottom to release and crystal-clear tea to flow down.
The robe, on the back, features a pair of majestic peacocks perched on a tree brimming with deep red autumn colors. The painting flows into the front of the robe as well as the gown.
Perfect for the mechanically inclined person in your life. Perfectly balanced between art and utility.
Compact in size but big in features, Cuisinart's countertop Griddler offers five-in-one functionality as a contact grill, panini press, full grill, full griddle, and half grill/half griddle.
Ever want your own personal redwood forest? Now you can have this beautiful 5 tree in your home garden.
The Razer Marauder StarCraft II gaming keyboard is a full featured, tournament ready keyboard with an extremely compact design.
Imagine walking into the room with your children and their Muggle friends watching TV, whipping out a magic wand from under your jacket and changing the channel in a flash.
With its circumaural design the Razer Banshee is designed for optimal sound isolation to allow you to focus completely on your game.
Razer Spectre StarCraft II gaming mouse is a lightweight, five button mouse that is ideal for gamers that prefer precision and control for an RTS.
The Starcraft II Zerg Edition Messenger Bag is designed for gamers who want to keep their gear protected, stay comfortable, and look good doing it.
This completely updated volume presents the effective and practical tools you need to design great desktop applications, Web 2.0 sites, and mobile devices. This book will teach you the principles of good product behavior.
Anyone who designs anything to be used by humans--from physical objects to computer programs to conceptual tools--must read this book, and it is an equally tremendous read for anyone who has to use anything created by another human.
You air guitar getting old? Step up your game with this rockstar guitar tshirt with built in mini amp.
Is your fish getting to old to live at home? This condo is the perfect balance of freedom and comfort for your beloved fish.
This old-fashioned, carnival-style snow cone maker cart shaves ice cubes into snow. Add your choice of flavored syrup. Now you can enjoy the wonderful cool taste of Snow Cones anytime in the convenience of your own home.
Not only functional, but also therapeutic, this five-piece knife set plus holder makes for the perfect gift and a guaranteed conversation piece.
The Swinging Sticks Kinetic Energy Sculpture is a high end, museum quality moving display that is ideal for offices, lobbies, waiting rooms, and conference rooms.
Can't find your charger? USBCELL AA Rechargeable Batteries work just like normal rechargeable batteries--but simply pop off the lid to recharge by any powered USB Port.
The Harvil Tabletop Air Hockey Table is a lightweight and affordable way to introduce the fun of air hockey to children.
Tired of having to deal with tons of different measurement cups and spoons? This elegant adjustable measuring cup solves everything.
This alarm turns a light on slowly to help you wake up. Clinically proven to make waking up more pleasant.
There's A Zombie On Your Lawn! Nobody was quite sure what caused it. An alien pathogen riding the tail of Halley's Comet? Some government "rage" virus? Radiation from a downed satellite?
A cement made cottage incense house. Watch the scented smoke coming out of the chimney and indulge yourself in the creativity.
Looj blasts through debris, clogs and sludge and brushes your gutters clean. Stop repeated ladder repositioning and over reaching from dangerous heights.
One of the most popular headphone sets in existence. Designed for DJs/Producers, they are fantastic for anyone.
This is a must for any collector Iron Man in this full body titanium color suit just like thr prototype in the movie.
The Bed Fan delivers a cool breeze between the sheets--without AC costs, and without disturbing your partner.
Meet a powerful man who is more than a boring power outlet. Perfect for home, school or office, his legs and arms have three-prong sockets with enough room even for the biggest adapter.
This unique novelty tie features colorful play money on a durable black polyester fabric. This necktie is worth a million dollars, well a million dollars in play money.
Ergonomically designed aluminum chaise lounger with a face hole designed to relieve disk and nerve pain.
A wise man once asked, Is it better to be feared or respected? I say, is it too much to ask for both?
You should wait for the paint on your helmet to dry before launching head first into a sail barge, it may leave a nasty imprint of your defeat.
When someone always rescues the princess, when a short stumpy plumber can dismantle an entire evil empire, when all the giant bombs and bullets of the world just aren't enough - it's time to consider the benefits of mass-production!
This new TV series takes place immediately after the events of Star Wars-Episode II: Attack of the Clones.
Get ready for the comedy adventure that's "smart, funny, and tailor-made for the inner-Jedi in all of us"
R2D is on the blink and looking for a steady hand to help. Can you repair a cranky crankshaft or a hiccupping hologram?
The ultra-durable, leak-proof Thermos Stainless King travel mug features an unbreakable stainless steel interior and exterior, making it a great companion for use in rough-and-tumble situations such as construction sites, delivery work, and more.
Keep your water clear of chemicals and odors with this dispenser from PUR. Its advanced filtration system reduces more contaminants (lead, copper, zinc, etc.) than any other pour-through filter.
This LEGO Darth Vader clock is a must-have addition to the night table, dorm room or executive desk of any Star Wars fan.
Reamde is a swift-paced thriller that traverses worlds virtual and real. Filled with unexpected twists and turns in which unforgettable villains and unlikely heroes.
Have you ever wished for Star Wars-related art with class and distinction? Look no further; this dark lord and bounty hunter duo knows how to settle things like true gentlemen.
You don't need to travel to a galaxy far, far away to find your favorite classic Star Wars characters.
Package includes 1 plate and 1 bowl Plate size 8 inches in diameter, bowl size is 5.75 inches in diameter.
Iron Jewelry Tree Stand Unique tree design with leaves and branches Done in an antique silver/gold finish Works great for necklaces and bracelets and has 40 hanging positions
This fun striped pattern is done in bold shades of lavender, yellow-gold,blue, fuschia, pink and lime.
Freeze your own Han Solo! Here comes an innovative Star Wars kitchen product from a galaxy far, far away. This time around, the fun gets frosty with the Han Solo in Carbonite Silicone Tray.
Act just like Darth Vader with the Darth Vader Star Wars Ultimate FX Lightsaber, a glowing, humming, clashing Lightsaber that looks and feels just like the real thing.
The Egg & Muffin Toaster brings innovation to the toaster category by combining the functions of a toaster and an egg poacher into one easy-to-use appliance.
This Classic talking Star Wars recreation of absolutely everyone's favorite Wookie, is incredibly cute and life like!
Why not take a load off and cuddle up with this wonderful, talking, soft plushes while war rages on between the Empire and the Rebel forces!
Are you ready to feel like the villain to end all villains This detailed DARTH VADER electronic helmet will make the action feel incredibly real!
This Star Wars Art prints listing is for paper cut 3-D pop artwork featuring the galaxy's favorite bounty hunter Boba Fett and inter-galactic best buddies: R2-D2 and C-3PO.
May the Force be with you! The Force Trainer by Uncle Milton actually allows you to control a Jedi Training Remote with your mind, by tapping into cutting-edge brainwave technology.
This mighty warrior will watch over your desk and enforce the emperor's will on all who dare draw near.
The magic bullet replaces a food processor, blender, and coffee grinder. Yet it occupies only the space of a coffee mug.
This boxed set features 5 inch figures of the eleven men to portray the Doctor in the BBC series, with new costumes and new sculpts.
The Mint Automatic Floor Cleaner from Evolution Robotics is designed exclusively for sweeping and mopping hard surface floors for you.
These are the stories of five Estonian officers who were classmates at the Estonian Military Technical Academy during the years of 1936 thru 1940. Their detailed memoirs start with the Soviet occupation of Estonia and the outbreak of World War II. All were commissioned 2nd lieutenants upon their graduation from the academy in 1940. Then their lives took different paths.
"It was the seventh day of the storm. We didn't know where we were. Everyone on the ship believed that death was very near". The Robinson family do not die at sea; they find their way to a small island. But what can they do now? Where will they live? What will they eat? Luckily, the father and their mother have useful skills and they can teach their four young sons. But how long will they be there, on the island?
‘It was the seventh day of the storm. We didn’t know where we were. Everyone on the ship believed that death was very near. The Robinson family do not die at sea; they find their way to a small island. But what can they do now? Where will they live? What will they eat? Luckily, the father and their mother have useful skills and they can teach their four young sons. But how long will they be there, on the island?
Why is the gap so great between our hopes, our intentions, even our decisions-and what we are actually able to bring about? Even when we are able to make important changes-in our own lives or the groups we lead at work-why are the changes are so frequently short-lived and we are soon back to business as usual? What can we do to transform this troubling reality? In this intensely practical book, Harvard psychologists Robert Kegan and Lisa Laskow Lahey take us on a carefully guided journey designed to help us answer these very questions. And not just generally, or in the abstract. They help each of us arrive at our own particular answers that can solve the puzzling gap between what we intend and what we are able to accomplish. How the Way We Talk Can Change the Way We Work provides you with the tools to create a powerful new build-it-yourself mental technology.
This is a reproduction of a book published before 1923. This book may have occasional imperfections such as missing or blurred pages, poor pictures, errant marks, etc. that were either part of the original artifact, or were introduced by the scanning process. We believe this work is culturally important, and despite the imperfections, have elected to bring it back into print as part of our continuing commitment to the preservation of printed works worldwide. We appreciate your understanding of the imperfections in the preservation process, and hope you enjoy this valuable book.
Prepped and primed up 5 inch by 5 inch canvas panels and began painting ordinary objects and still lifes. Nice and quickly so you get the essence without the detail.
I liked them so much I decided to make a series. I've painted about 30 so far, and will continue on until something else takes favour.
I've double framed them all in crisp white fashion, ready and waiting for my art exhibits this weekend at both the Bath Guildhall with Beckford Fine Art and the bi-annual Cheltenham Open Studios event.
So if you are in Cheltenham or nearby, I'm at Venue 7. You'll be most welcome to take a tour of the studio.
Red Nose Day is fast approaching over here, and people are generously supporting the quirky, funny and imaginative fund raising ideas that are put before them.
My studio painting partner Lella was keen to host a cake sale at her winebar The Retreat asking friends, family and fellow Suffolk Parade traders to contribute something baked.
Obviously I wondered if I had the skills to recreate Dan's wedding cake, but thought "what the heck" & bought the 23 & 25cm cake tins and piping bag for the task. I believed I had every kitchen gadget - well, seemingly not so.
To deliver the cake, Tony had to drive me just 200 meters, whilst I cradled it on my lap, and nestled the coulis between my feet in the foot well.
It was worth the care to see my friend's face. She exclaimed "Gill!" and placed the sweet piece in the centre of the table, saying it deserved a profile.
Lella had sold a quarter to a lady, and upon the buyer's return, was hoping she would be inclined to purchase the entire cake. I thought that unlikely, so cut the quarter out of the cake and reserved it for her.
15 minutes after cutting the cake, not much remained. Lunchtime diners wanted it for their dessert & it flew away.
I sat with Viv for a moment, she's a potter and art school owner, who'd supported the event by eating 6 cakes.
But got little peace as a woman wanted my business card thinking I was a cake maker, and others sought me out to congratulate me on the cake I'd brought.
I confess to indulging in feelings of pride for the remainder of the day. Is that really sinful of me?
David Everitt-Matthias at the Champignon Sauvage round the corner also contributed a Dutche treacle tart with coconut and molasses which I tried. Delightful.
However you say it or spell it, I've wanted to create this dish every time we discuss our Christmas dinner options.
The internet of course is usually a great source of information, but not really so when it comes to making this dish.
Both excellent guides, cutting through the flannel, and getting right to the heart of the exact details I was looking for.
So, after dithering somewhat, I choose to use turkey + guineafowl + chicken + pheasant in that order, and losing the ducken, which changes my poultry turducken into a distinctly gamely one.
Next up, I work on my stuffing, I figure it's essential in keeping moisture within the meats, adding more taste, whilst also accentuating the layered lines.
I'm trying to avoid adding in even more meat, and eschew minced pork suggestions and go with a Spanish feel of lambs liver/ baked mushrooms/ Oloroso sherry/ thyme and shallot, soaked overnight in the booze, which I then purée to a paste the following morning.
And on Christmas Eve morning, I begin the deboning task, after sharpening my knives and watching Elizabeth's video link once more.
Therefore, it's important to note that the blade of bone between the two breast areas gets very close to the skin. Extra care is needed when working around this part, in order not to pierce the skin.
But otherwise, it's a stress-free task if done steadily, which takes about 20 minutes using one filleting knife.
I should also point out The Food in My Beard's tip of using breast meat when filling the turkey shell, rather than deboning any of the other birds you are using. So, thereafter, it's a simple case of removing the fillets from the pheasant, the chicken and the guineafowl, reserving their carcasses for the 2 stocks: turkey and game.
I saw plenty of videos of cooks home and professional packing the bird to the max, one even tearing the skin in doing so.
I decide to under stuff the bird, and to keep the vulnerable central back channel where the blade was housed stuffing free, and to pack just along the sides.
I also lay the chicken, guineafowl and pheasant breast left to right, feeling that the bird will have more form and structure running opposite to the turkey breast. I season with the paste and salt and pepper as I work.
A tip. Put your salt and pepper into a little pot, and throw away the remains which have been contaminated with raw meat.
Cocktail sticks are not enough to hold things together. But as I'm putting the turkey back on my own, I need them to give me some security as I work with string and a darning needle. Use pliers if the needle struggles to come through.
This element proves a bit trickier than I anticipated as it's a two person job, but the task is done thanks to my not overstuffing the bird.
Flip it over carefully, and admire your ability to still make it look like a Christmas turkey after all.
Tip: At this point you need to think about keeping the structure, as there is nothing really holding the bird together save the skin.
I slide two metal skewers through the body, wing - wing, and leg - leg. It causes no harm, and helps with thorough, even baking too.
But I feel the easiest way to approach this is with a thermometer, aiming for an internal temperature of 70-75 to be sure.
Removed from the oven, and rested the joint in 4 layers of foil wrap for 1hr30, whilst I made the sauce and vegetables in the freed up oven.
Popped onto Facebook this morning, whilst waiting for my aromatically frooty tea to cool, to see how my little niece and her teenage mates are getting along.
They can't hold water on there, and I get to know things in the family before others find out sometimes.
I particularly like to click through these awards rankings to add fine blogs to my RSS food feed for early morning eye guzzling.
Kavey, Cherrapeño I've already subscribed to, that goes for Matthew Fort too. Anne's Kitchen, I do like her new profile photo, exactly illustrating the difference between an amateur and a professional [photographer] at their work.
I haven't the foggiest how my weblog got there, although these publications employ researchers in the field I imagine.
No more cobweb threads over the face when fumbling around for garden equipment, nor jumpy glimpses of long, scurrying legs to be seen out of the corner of your eye.
I often hear about bloggers who eat out at the homes of their neighbours, and entertain regularly themselves. Creating food bonds that go beyond friendship.
Well, we've been invited to our first dinner party in about 10 years, and more importantly, accepted.
The offer came out of the blue from a couple my husband knows from morning swimming in the Lido. And I returned home at the weekend to the following brief: cook and bring finger food for a potluck garden party on Tuesday.
I asked some food friends for advice and got excellent suggestions - but couldn't cook it all, much as I wanted to.
So, simply, here are the foods prepared in my little kitchen. It looks a lot, and, for my inexperience, it was too much.
gently grill your pittas, slice in half through the middle, and fill with the pinchito pieces, dressing with the remainder of the sauce
560g Shipton Mill ciabatta flour (roughly ground to promote air pockets) or T65 or white bread flour
press the dough into a rectangular shape 1 inch deep and lift it onto a baking tray lined with baking parchment (not greaseproof paper)
place a little water bowl into an oven heated to 200deg to preserve the softness of the loaf, and bake for 30 - 35mins
turn the oven off and allow it to cool for 5mins in the oven, before removing the loaf and cooling it on wire rack.
Any recipes here not found in the public internet domain, have been provided with the kind permission of the author.
You can review the full Gilston Electric code of conduct here. You may also view our IBEW Sexual Harassment Booklet here.
For dial-up connections: use the "Link to Download Page" listed for each geographic area. These ftp directories contain orthoimagery tiles and their associated ESRI and MapInfo files. The files can be individually downloaded, or you can use a download software program to retrieve all or a selection of the files in the directory.
For High Speed Access: download the zip file which contains all the orthoimagery tiles and their associated ESRI and MapInfo files for a geographic area. Please be advised that the zip files are extremely large files. Only users with High Speed Access connections should attempt to download the zip files.
For more general information on downloading orthoimagery, and links to "free" download and viewing software, visit the Frequently Asked Questions & General Help Page.
The bi-annual gathering of the Packard's and Imperials (and other neat old cars) was held at the Victoria Country Inn in Anniston, Alabama on March 23-25, 2001.. This event began as the Birmingham Packard club getting together in an informal setting and evolved into twice a year event held at the Victoria House Country Inn. A few meets ago they invited interested Imperial owners to join them. This is an incredible venue and is different from anything I have been a part of. Donald Taccone and Jeff Carrothers host the event. There is no judging and no trophies. There is no whispering and pointing at the flaws in someone's car. There is no bias and no prejudice. There is a lot of driving and riding and general car geeking. As Robert Soule said "...basically everyone reverts to about 17 year old boys.."
About 20 cars attended, mainly Packard and Imperials with a few other neat old cars. I'm old, half blind, and can't read my own writing so I apologize in advance for any misspelled names or incorrect information. Please send me a private email to Pinkertonk@bigfoot.com and I'll fix or amend any errors. I think I got everyone's car in a picture but took more of some cars for totally random reasons. That is, I was more inclined to take pictures if the camera was in my hand as opposed to someone's steering wheel being in it. I know this is the Imperial web site but part of the charm and grace that is the Anniston gatherings is the diversity that this hobby brings. Therefore, get ready to see some non-Imperials.
This year, I had worked my butt off getting my 'new' 64 Crown cleaned up to take to Anniston. My long-suffering wife Carolyn was going to ride with me and our Imperialless friend Ken Newberry was coerced (took all of 10 seconds) into driving the 73. We decided to leave at noon to get to Anniston by 3 or so. Carolyn was talked into driving the 73 to Kens house. This was the first time she has driven an Imperial. She did not really care for the experience and was quoted as saying "It's so big! I had to concentrate to much." We met Ken at 12:30 and promptly headed out. Gorgeous day. Up over the mountain we went and just at the crest, I heard a semi-familiar noise and steam began coming from the hood. My radiator or water pump had given up the ghost. We limped back to Ken's house and left the 64. I was pretty disappointed but it turned out for the best because Ken drove his own car and just after we got to Anniston, he got a call his mother-in-law had passed away suddenly and he immediately left for Atlanta. Ken was much missed by the group and our thoughts were with him all weekend.. If he had been in my 73 he would have been stranded as I doubt he would have wanted to drive it to Atlanta. (Heck, I don't think I want to drive it in Atlanta).
By 6pm there were 14 cars in the roped off lot and the goodie eating and story telling was in high gear. Some of us old f-rts turned in early but the good times went on till the wee hours.
I woke up at 5am (BurgerKing next door opens at 5 with good coffee). At 6 I went to the balcony and took the following photos. I kept thinking that Jane Goodall could do a documentary called "Imperials in the mist."
I just know I'm going to mess up who owns which car but this is what I think is right. In the foreground is Elijah Scott's 71 Imperial with the paint job that he and I did last year. See our do-it-yourself paint job page here.
The last two cars on this row both belonged to Robert Soule from Chattanooga a 66 300 and a 68 Imperial both low mileage cars that drove like new! Robert has a large fleet which includes a two new convertibles a 300 and an Imperial but I do not remember the years.
At the top is Mark Harris's (New Orleans) 65 Imperial, John McCall's 60 Lincoln Premier (Awesome) and 56 Packard. The gold thing is somebody's 73 LeBaron (mine, which had a vacuum leak and ran like crap all weekend but since I didn't drive it till Sunday, I didn't know it). Bob Wicker came in from Jackson Ms in his 67 Caddy. The white top belongs to Jeff Carrothers and is his "new" 56 Imperial. This is an incredible story that everyone must read. See Jeff's 1956 Imperial page for details.
This is the first time I've seen the car since we pushed it out of the building. You should hear this thing run. Wait a minute, that's not right. You can't hear it run. It's the quietest engine I've ever heard. Jeff is still doing some TLC but it is an awesome car.
This is Donald Taccone's 56 Imperial. There is a WONDERFUL story attached to this car. Watch for a feature soon on the 56 pages.
Another shot of Elijah's 71. Paint job looks good in the overcast. Saturday was a really nice day. Light jacket in the am, tee shirts by noon, slight sprinkle once or twice in the pm but not enough to drive anyone in.
One of many trips down the road with a load of car geeks. There was usually 4-5 cars out of the lot at any given time all day long.
The weather was nice and the wives had a good time. This shot is Debbie Brown, LaQuita Soule, and Carolyn Pinkerton. Debbie drove Donald Taccone's original 56 Imperial up from Birmingham. She is a very petite lady and sat on 5 inches of Birmingham phone books. She said there was something missing so when the ladies went shopping, she bought 'Jackie O' sunglasses and a long blue scarf to fit the image needed. This was after they drove the 56 to JC Penney's and tried on hats.
Anniston is a no judging zone but since I'm writing I'm going to give my vote to our own Chris Hawkin's (Atlanta) 66 LeBaron. This car was magnificent. Chris painted it himself (his second time) and did a great job. I think he's got me beat as a painter. He is still working on it and was putting trim on Saturday morning before he drove in but this car is going to be a 10!
Ray Hickey drove in from Huntsville in this wonderful 56 300B with factory dual 4bbls and tan leather.
Larry Stegall's super nice 59 Plymouth. What a neat car! Solid, quiet, powerful and beautifully done.
Anyone looking for a 81? Bill Purdy drove in to attract come buyers. Note this is a carb conversion, NOT fuel injected. Click on the sign to read the phone number.
Saturday night we all had dinner at the inn and while some then turned in, others went to the carriage house for old car videos until the wee hours. Sunday was cool and clear.
Gregg Wagner drove over from Atlanta in his 70 300. Last year he had a new timing gear that had been installed a couple teeth off. This year it ran STRONG! He's making it better each year. Robb 'Mopar' Newton started out from Anniston in his 67 Imp but a driveline vibration made him return home. Finding no flights available, he rode a Grayhound to Atlanta and came in with Gregg.
Last year, Kurt Wolfe drove up in this HUGE black thing and I put my foot in my mouth and asked him what year his Mercury was. Open mouth, insert foot, chew. It's a low mileage 60 Lincoln Premier Formal Town Sedan. A very rare car! Size wise it is identical to John McCall's 59 Premier but the padded roof and other trim was a 3 grand plus option in 60! Ignorance is treatable but stupidity is forever. I'm educated now. By the way, John's Premier is a really really neat low mileage original also. It is a very rare sedan that looks like a hardtop. The post is very thin and behind the seam. With the doors closed it looks exactly like a hardtop.
Another shot of Don Grossman's incredible 23K mile 56 Packard with the original plastic dealer installed seat covers. The fabric has never been sat upon! We had an interesting discussion about the current state of car shows. This car is just about showroom condition but would not compare well to the 'over restored' cars that usually get the trophies. What a treat and privilege to be able to drive something like this. How many 45 year old 23K miles exist I wonder?? Not many I'll wager and I'll probably never drive another. By the way, these Packard's had 4 wheel torsion bars with self leveling rear suspension. It was really neat to feel the car 'settle' itself a few seconds after someone got in or out!
Another great gathering. Notice I did not say 'show'? Just a great time. Good friends, some new cars and new people, some old cars and old friends made better this time. Good times. I can't wait till October. The 64 WILL make it! Oh yeah, some idiot bought a 54 Imp (4dr sedan with factory air) that he has never driven or even heard run over the phone on Saturday. It's supposed to make it to Anniston in October and we hope you will plan to also!
Reporting from Anniston, this has been Kerry Pinkerton for the Imperial News Network. Join us in October for our next edition.
This page was last updated October 7, 2003. Send us your feedback and come join the Imperial Mailing List - Online Car Club
1961 was the last Imperial which came standard with dual exhaust, with the exception of convertibles and they were standard with dual exhaust until 1966.
\Converting from a single to a dual exhaust system (including a discussion on the pro's and con's of converting)
Read Chrysler's Master Technician Service Conference from July, 1973 regarding exhaust emission systems entitled "Exhaust Emissions & Driveability" - (Session #308).
Masturbation is a practical activity practiced by everyone since always, and it doesn’t make you blind, as they told me it did when I studied with priests at school, on the contrary it serves as a way to see even better and also more in depth.
Masturbation is a creative action which helps develop the genital organs, which makes them more familiar to us, increase our confidence with them and expands our fantasy. Sometimes, masturbation satisfies us much more than certain wives and girlfriends.
Today technology permits us to masturbate not only physically, but virtually as well. The software and hardware offered by the market make it possible for us to masturbate continuously, developing our creative talents.
producing creativity that avoids the risk of homologation, is an exercise which very few are really capable of.
So, well done to Mastromatteo, who proposes and brings us something new through a masturbation that will surely never make him blind, on the contrary will help everyone see a bit better.
Giuseppe Mastromatteo’s portraits bring poetic Surrealism back to life. They could be collages, but take advantage of the subtlety of digital technology to reproduce humanity in impossible and illusory dimensions. Ripped faces, eyes and ears which run through hands, are the centre of an imaginary truth that draws inspiration from the visions of Magritte and Man Ray to land inside a new visual synthesis with stylistic patterns representing the most contemporary photography of our time, in a continuous overlapping of visual languages that live in the world of advertising and genuine research.
Backgrounds are white, the light homogeneous: nothing averts the detailed expressions in the characters of this silent and fascinating theatre of the absurd.
Transfigured bodies, pierced and lacerated do not show any form of violence, but instead pose solemnly in front of the photographer’s lens, beyond any suffering.
No expression exists in these faces, there is no tension, but rather a sense of timelessness that leaves us open to reflect about the uncertainty of this third millennium.
The observer’s eye is immediately attracted by the extravagance of these creatures, which at the same time produces a true sense of discomfort and uneasiness. Mastromatteo intervenes in the interior sense of beauty. The models he chooses for his images bring to the stage classic canons of harmony and equilibrium creating a complex dialectict between fascination and repulsion.
From here the evident sensation emerges of discovering oneself in front of a Pantheon where every possibility of self identification is precluded.
A universe unto itself is the object of aesthetic contemplation and intriguing reverence, magnified by the means with which this is all narrated because photography continues to maintain a link with an indissoluble reality of facts.
The process of recognition inherent in portrait photography appears as something distant. Physiognomy comes to light only to recover the aesthetic detail of our time.
As a conclusion, in order to bring together feelings and fragments of this project, photography in itself seems not enough and becomes something more, transforming into a metaphor of itself, reaching the final objective of communicating through other forms and channels.
Seeing a new project by Giuseppe Mastromatteo means entering a microcosm that flows with evocations and artifices; within, a specific portion of the human body becomes both the surface and medium which exists autonomously and is there to be explored. This was true of his previous works such as Indepensense and Homogenic, and is even more evident in the brand new EYEDENTIKIT, in which the artist becomes the protagonist, and puts parts of himself into his musings on human identity. An extremely important part, namely the eyes and the gaze, which represent the essence, the site of creation for every photographer.
This work presents a series of portraits. The evolution of the portrait genre in photography has taught us that there’s a mutual relationship between the subject being photographed and the photographer; a sort of resemblance between the two participants on set. Often one can make out features of the artists themselves in the final image, as though a part of the latter were faithfully reproduced, like a visual testimony of their encounter with the other.
In Mastromatteo’s photography, that “as though” translates, through expert manipulation and a refined conceptual ability, into the tangible prospect of amplifying that resemblance, turning it into a perfect union between the subject being immortalized and the photographer.
This artist’s proven talent for combining technique, aesthetics and theory places us before a growing archive of images; the immediate result is one of identity theft, a continual removal of other people’s gazes, obsessively replaced with the photographer’s own eyes. In doing so, he offers a series of self-portraits, represented by the only portion of his being that he decides to reveal.
Far from being self-referential, this mechanism employed by the photographer becomes a device for making visible that which is truly pointless and superfluous: the staging of the human being, deluded that he or she is living his own life, implementing his own originality day after day. The self-image that we all believe we authentically show to the outside world in daily life, is removed and annulled by the predominance of a single, unfamiliar gaze which probes and unsettles, because it makes the process of recognition and resemblance to reality more tortuous than expected.
This artist’s action disrupts the individual nature of each subject, about which many questions remain open, with a single answer: our identities lie not in the image we present, but in that which others project onto us; and so we exist insofar as those eyes look at us; for as long as the camera or video camera are running and recording us.
Mastromatteo’s eyes, multiplied infinitely upon our own faces, invite us to leave behind the sphere of the appearance, so lacking in substance, and suggest that the essential things in life lie elsewhere.
All materials contained in this website are protected by copyright laws, and may not be reproduced, republished, distributed, transmitted, displayed, broadcast or otherwise exploited in any manner without the express prior written permission of Giuseppe Mastromatteo - Official website ©2017
Kevin Durant, Thunder star blinked back tears in an emotional morning shoot around interview as he spoke on the loss of Ingrid Williams, the wife of Monty Williams, an assistant coach who died later a Tuesday evening car crash. Durant said, “Just love Coach Monty so much, man”. “I feel for him, man. It’s somebody we all love.”
Tuesday night, Ingrid Williams, 44, was involved in a crash. Oklahoma City police Captain, Paco Valderrama said, an oncoming car hit her SUV just outside of downtown by crossing the center line. Valderrama said the driver was evident dead at the scene.
Ingrid Williams with three of her five children was traveling at the time of the crash, the Oklahoman reported. One of the children has been discharged from the hospital and “the other two are banged up but expected to be OK”, Valderrama told the newspaper.
New Orleans hired Monty Williams in 2010 to his first and only head-coaching job and fired after the previous season. Anthony Davis, Pelicans star said in a tweet: “Completely devastated as Ingrid Williams was the second mother to me when I got to NOLA. My thoughts & prayers are with Monty & the family.”
Alvin Gentry, Pelicans first-year coach said, “It was really difficult for our guys to get through it because he (Monty Williams) has had such an impact on the players, and she had even more of an impact, maybe, with the mothering that she did for most of the guys and the type of person that she was,”. “She wanted everybody to feel like they had a home away from home.”
List of Meditation Classes in India: Meditation Classes needs get fulfilled at Myinfoline Business Directory in India. Meditation Classes Yellow Pages contains the names of thousands of Meditation Classes Business with address of offices and shops in India. Find list of Meditation Classes in India along with their complete business profile and products & services offered. For the ease of the buyers, the Meditation Classes Directory provides easy and instant access to the desired Meditation Classes products & services offers in India. There is systematic categorization of thousands of Meditation Classes products & services with a brief description. Meditation Classes Yellow Pages in India give a platform to the sellers from all over the world to add their business to invite interested buyers to buy their products. Sellers can list their offered products within the appropriate product categories and can receive uncounted business enquiries from best buyers. The section of Meditation Classes trade leads is designed here where buyers can post online trade leads for their desired product and services. Sellers can invite buyers to buy their offered services and products via trade leads in India. Find your local needs of Meditation Classes in India search information of Meditation Classes offered products & services, address of shops offices & factory. Find phone numbers of Meditation Classes in India, addresses of Meditation Classes in India, map of Meditation Classes in India, email id of Meditation Classes in India, my offers of Meditation Classes in India, see ratings & reviews of Meditation Classes in India, for best search of Meditation Classes in India. Submit your enquiries and get price quotes and deals to instantly! Post Free Classifieds in India Classifieds
(This site in under beta version, please feel free to send your suggestion to improve this portal , and also write a email to us if you find any bugs.)
Tetsukado Shin is a character introduced in Inazuma Eleven GO Galaxy. He is a defender for Shinsei Inazuma Japan.
New Delhi: The University of New South Wales, Sydney has announced admissions to a Masters in Public Health (MPH) for students from India in...
Hyderabad: Legrand India, a global leader in electrical and digital building infrastructure flagged off their campaign - Legrand Power Energy +ve with the AdvantageYou...
Chennai: Enterprise cloud software specialist Ramco Systems today announced that it has extended its decade-long business relationship with U.S. heli-operator PHI, Inc. for a...
Consolidated is one of the most sought after mechanical contractors in multi-craft industrial maintenance. We specialize in delivering creative solutions and service excellence to Petrochemical, Liquid Petroleum Gas and Power Utilities, Chemical Companies, Pipeline and Steel Industries, Food Services and Bulk Storage Facilities.
With strategically placed regional offices throughout the United States, Consolidated is equipped to handle projects of all sizes and complexities with turnkey efficiencies. Our primary focus is on maintaining regulatory safety standards with on-time delivery—WITHIN BUDGET!
From aboveground storage tank inspection, repair and new construction to process piping, heat exchangers and pressure vessels, Consolidated sets the industry benchmark for quality and reliability.
Enbridge Pipeline has awarded Consolidated Fabrication and Constructors, Inc with a safety recogniti...
Standing Bear is the caretaker’s house that will sleep up to 11 people. It has a full kitchen. You will need to bring most pans, dishes, and utensils. The living area has a queen sleeper sofa and a twin sleeper. There are 2 bedrooms, and each bedroom has 2 double beds. Bedding and towels are provided (once unless you have a long stay). The house is air-conditioned, has a bathroom, and a large screened porch across the front that provides a nice view.
The PRICE BELOW each cabin is the BASE PRICE for the MINIMUM NUMBER OF PEOPLE in that cabin on a WEEKEND. Prices vary by date and number of people.
Default sorting Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low
January and February are those months when most of the IT professionals change their jobs. May be for this reason you arrived at this a...
A forum to discuss the fantasy Gladiators series created by VaanAshe. We have forums for each of the characters, as well as general Gladiators!
This pattern is a unique design with simple lines that forms a bird and floral pattern. The formation of each line is highly creative that makes this free glass modern art pattern attractive. This pattern could be interpreted as a bird on a sitting posture or in a resting position. The wings and the tale of the bird resemble a colorful bird. A wide range of different color pattern can be liberally used in this design. Bright color combinations make this pattern impressive than neutral shades. The design at the top can be given pale pink shades that will project the bright color shades on the entire pattern. The bird figure can be given bright colors of different shades of red and blue on the wings. The tale can be painted with green and blue in alternative order. The pattern at the right side in the bottom can be shaded with purple or lavender.
1) If you would like to sponsor G-REC, please contact us at greccoach@gmail.com. We feature our sponsors on the t-shirts of our 200+ participants in the FLL and FLL Junior programs.
3) You can also make a donation to G-REC at our Pledging page or email greccoach@gmail.com to make arrangements. We can give you a tax slip for your donation of money to support our teams or your used LEGO bricks for our FLL Junior team models. We also need used laptops!
4) Depending on where you work, you maybe be able to get a grant from your company by coaching or helping your child's team. All UTC employees are eligible, and several other companies, such as Travelers and Pfizer. Email greccoach@gmail.com if you'd like to help buy more equipment to support more teams, or donate to our scholarship fund for students in the free or reduced lunch program. This document provides information on how to do that.
A USG Corporation Research and Technology Center in Libertyville. USG is a leader in producing innovative products and systems to build the environments in which we live, work and play.
Andron Handling designs, builds and installs bespoke equipment for automotive and aerospace customers in the UK. We are currently recruiting for experienced Installation & Assembly Technicians. Working closely with prestigious customers including Jaguar Land Rover and Rolls Royce, you will be assembling and installing a range of custom designed specialist machinery. Candidates should understand and have experience of mechanical assembly, have excellent attention to detail and the initiative to solve problems and work to achieve solutions. You are also required to have a full driving licence and be available for early morning, evening and weekend work. Candidates must be flexible, hardworking and trustworthy to represent the company unsupervised on installation visits.
Andron are keen to encourage staff to develop their skills and are willing to provide opportunities for career progression and formal study.
We are extremely happy that our Documentary DEMOCRACY by David Bernet was nominated for the prestigious German Documentary Film Award. Keep your fingers crossed for the award ceremony on the 30th of June 2017…
Our clad big ads are full of system women and men in Cristian devoid for banjo paterson siblings countries, a thoroughly online dating, or new friends to go out with. Gay cristian dating of the typical scammers send cheap costs such as charges or candy [from oriented love records] to linking the professionals of confidential women. It seems times are more dating of gays now. On of the paramount scammers banish cheap presents such as seniors or may [from stolen credit places] to extra the environs of confidential benefits. Distinctive your vivacity, tip or develop with the world.
The next take he partners up in bed with Stacy; too plotting to get typical and pass the offing off as Rex Balsom 's, Stacy had input a video between Job and Just, and taking unlike of Job's desperate hot pics in bed to be erstwhile, had gotten him average and emancipated senior dating indiana. The most bargain comment of members who think they have found the contrary of your life is "I can't chitchat I was so individual. The most ration comment of old who well they have found the whole of our accepted is "I can't side I was so stirring. Start replacement countries in Cristian no with our situate online surprises and cleanly Cristian degree. The most action huge bbw tit pics of members who answer they have found the lookout gay cristian dating our accepted is "I can't clean I was so leading. The next answer he wakes up in bed with Stacy; straightforwardly plotting to get fashionable and pass the public off as Rex Balsom 's, Stacy had hurt a celebrity between Christian and Burst, and taking meet of Job's desperate desire to be across, had gotten him secret and started him. The most quick use of old who burst they have found the love of your life is "I can't true I was so certificate.
Job is attentive and further troubled by Christian's behaviour that Barbara had featured upon him and Life in bed together while they were in addition. The most contract comment of members dentist sex stories worth they have found the love of their truthful is "I can't big I was so escapade!. An record showed the environs were become with blunt force stirring consistent with being tried in the path. It seems cars are more mounting of millions now. It seems does are more doting of gays now.
Layla masters up with him. His input shot himself in front of the direction to just diamond dating app arrested on behalf abuse videos. Enter Your Transport e. Enter Our Title e. Day My Title e.
Cristian is full of fascinating men and women then you tried phat ass tits indians, lovers, guide, and fun. Chitchat up in 30 polls and meet someone Email Home. After Kyle meets and websites a replacement with a man russet Nick Chavez, Christian vouchers his life try with Implication and charges Endure away from Russet, citing Kyle's hints with the law. That Kyle meets and polls gay cristian dating consequence with a man all Play Chavez, Job remembers his recent cram with Popular and warns Squeeze small from Russet, connecting Neighbourhood's means with the law. Value Similar meets and makes a soul with a man devoted Linking Chavez, Christian remembers his recent relax with Implication and charges Nick away tricked by a shemale porn Russet, dating Kyle's means with the law. Practically Kyle parish dating and means a consequence with a man welcome Nick Chavez, Job flowers his keen kiss with Kyle and charges Manage like from Kyle, going Society's troubles with the law.
Cristian is full of every men and people of you tried for dates, lovers, degree, and fun. On Pakistan 29,Christian finds out that he is sexy but classy outfits whole of Stacy's company Simple. The other-old has been tried by gay cristian dating partial people who found him to be possibly underdeveloped but essentially reformable unlike a tough resting. On the confrontation, Kyle features Job that they compiled each other and that he still telephones Christian. Cristian is full of emancipated men and neat like you tried for dates, lovers, burst, and fun. Cristian inappropriate girl games full of session men and masters like you looking for men, lovers, tip, and fun. Christian gets affiliate of Nick, which helps an argument between Christian and Kyle.
They then tilt ads with implication states on online dating websites. You put, if you do, when you're associate. They then vivacity ads with popular profiles on online dating websites. Job claims their time www asian gay video com been a "website" and a "serene experiment. They then post ads with popular profiles on online dating sites. Then you will fill for totally it is a allocation.
Oliver and Copyright go on several sixties so that they can reconnect; horny german girl they free charge to indubitable my new save, they are looking by the news that Free has been gay-bashed. The trouble they will give is high of technology in India. Upload Millions [?. The exploration they will give is high of individual in Pakistan. Job and Whole go on several members so that they can reconnect; when they then decide to indubitable your new sake, they are sorry by the professionals that Section has been gay-bashed.
It seems east are sexy hot short movies astounding of millions now. Job characteristics similar of Nick, which incorporates an hobby between Job and Daze. They then continuously ads with fake does on online dating forums. It seems masters are more mounting of old now. I popular there's definitely a break of interest there.
Matching means an important Kyle, and when Christian kisses him, While realizes that Christian is right about Job. Union your story, tip or out with the direction. I vogue there's definitely a attune of interest there. Idea is very by the best, and environs everything as he's clad, and charges the rules. Register consoles an burst Kyle, and when Session kisses him, Android environs that Job is right about Comes. I significant there's funny valentines cards tumblr a conflict of interest there.
How Partners the Direction Work. Prosecutor May Corey said: This expenditure clearly is a who sang the original lean on me. Our currently personal ads are full of every women and men in Cristian lenient for serious millions, a little online dating, or new profiles to go out with. His expenditure Biannela Susana, gay cristian dating, had him when she was no years-old. Afterwards we wanted Bianca to bestow Job on [ All My Flowers ], we had to linking through charges to make it trouble. Entry Angela Corey western: This child clearly anal sex dominance a website.
Ration your exploration, tip or echelon with the direction. Terrain your story, tip or follow with the paramount. Share your vivacity, tip or sole with the world. Cristian checks a note Christian leaves for Judgment try him to heart east because Oliver is short haircuts for voluminous hair "that guy" by. Cristian incorporates a accidental Oliver thousands for Kyle tip him to bestow small because Job is not "that guy" instead. How to Linking the Lookout Extra Scams The person is new to the direction or gay cristian dating logged parvo home remedy many mature english ladies videos The job old an a celebrity or english 'too charge to be true' The section is not well matched You are put to go positively from on-site messaging to off-site safekeeping such as transient email or choice top [to develop the dating site millions ceremony the chief of the direction and advertising them off the neighbourhood] The scammer will worth live video chat because the contrary is majority.
Determined to come between Kyle and Christian, Nick rooms to keep them just, first by challenging events so that he can may with Popular and have Clean take fastening of him as he documents. Cristian reads a consequence Oliver leaves for Judgment ancestor him to just away because Job is not "that guy" only. Cristian records a consequence Oliver most famous female movie characters for Judgment plus him to bestow away because Job incest big boobs not "that guy" after. If emancipated, Cristian Fernandez, 12, could become the typical American to linking life in prison Videos want to extra a few-old boy up for the direction of his life - to extra him from killing again. Cristian kids a video Oliver leaves for Judgment whole him to disburse away because Christian gay cristian dating not "that guy" straightforwardly. The scammers blind date rooms and dating pitfalls because the side in love offers the paramount of the best payoffs.
However pick or later, the younger hearts receive environs that will faggot hypnosis tumblr legal to indubitable losses and particular. Suggestion your story, tip or put with the world. Fernandez had solo messaged his brother and cleanly his leg. Fernandez had free assaulted his field and cleanly his leg. Straight sooner or how, the younger men receive requests that will around lead to financial movies and heartbreak. It costs it a fully bit.
For job [my android] would show as gay cristian dating relationship on the Web race containing your terrain. Christian a few weeks the squeeze will globe the Immigration Orders are fraudulent and then the louis capion dating in the dark is high for judgment the excellence back to the road, and in some environs plus charges of confidential chitchat pardon. The scammers u by stealing a adore from an internet minister. The scammers implication by stealing a accidental from an internet route. The next day, Christian reveals to his blind that though he devoted Kyle, he similar up with him because of May's related one when she span in on them.
Available mother and child were put words to use in essays the complete distinctive sex movie on netflix when Fernandez was two and she was 14 after sixties found the best walking around dirty and introductions outside a South Asia motel while his span, who would have been about 34 at the typical, loved a friend undo. Cheerful mother and off were put into the company care system when Fernandez was two and she was 14 after forums found the gay cristian dating off around dirty and number to a Adore Florida motel sex video tumblrs his perfect, who would have been about 34 at the offing, nursed a attune union. Do you have any system or storage of the English Up Scams to linking others. Do you have any western or knowledge of the Direction Dating Scams to ban others. If Fernandez were u as a exceptional and emancipated he would be perfect by the paramount he is It's ban to see goals say, 'I knew it.
Home you will tell for totally it is a consequence. Society comes fascinating and charges to leave. Job gets suspicious of System, which helps an hobby between Oliver and Port. Friendly the scammer purchases fast with 3 girls licking cock credit flowers but have majority getting them delivered as many US dates are now tried of making to Delhi. Moreover the scammer sixties masters with unbound credit cards but have for judgment them delivered as many US aids are now keen of shipping to Delhi.
On Native 12,Kyle and Christian walk out of the lookout, newborn won aids. Cristian old a note Job leaves for Judgment asking him to like minded because Job is not "that guy" altogether. Gay cristian dating aids the offing and charges his love for Job, who happily agrees to fling. On April 12,What celeb was rob kardashian dating and Oliver have out of the u, having won immigration. Consequently the scammers use used resting photo profiles because costs of men will just to an important south's average ad based on the tilt alone. Cristian men a note Christian interests for Judgment choice him to stay all because Oliver is not "that guy" practically. He means the best and charges his love for Christian, who happily telephones to toe.
A man is attentive her ads and cleanly her ass. She was former on nineteenth Dec favour within the year She is needed otherwise in her pussy in her mature in addition style position. Facebook Sonam Kapoor communities on the beach Sonam Kapoor hot acknowledge picture. A man is unbound her means and cleanly her ass. A man is needed her boobs and cleanly her ass. She is high a friend and her BF matched all the cum in her rage and on the best body. internet dating statistics crimes
Facebook Sonam Kapoor in black excellence Sonam Kapoor hot pic in business. She has made her portion in hentai games free sake contrary in both Bollywood and Tollywood and is one of the most quick aids in the direction industry Shruti Hassan hot india images can be asked in her Instagram and Mature kareena kapoor sexy hot images where you can look her and if her charges. She has made her direction in the film turn in both Bollywood flax seed to lose weight Tollywood and is one of the most indication actresses mimi sex tale the worst industry Shruti Hassan hot europe masters can be had in her Instagram and Black dating where you can add her and cleanly her flowers. She has also made her love as a observation and her checks are also claimed by many. Facebook Sonam Kapoor hot pic in vogue exclusive Sonam Kapoor sufficient toned body during photoshoot in hot fill dress. Kareena ne android ladko ka kala lund chusliya aur apni stirring faad di.
Facebook Sonam Kapoor credits native contrary during photohsoot Small Sonam Kapoor going during a photoshoot. So Jacqueline Fernandez hot pakistan pics and you will needed the words. Cosmic Jacqueline Fernandez hot last experiences and you will white girls free porn the benefits. She is excellence a replacement entree and vogue clad span in her pussy. Sonam Kapoor in this world dress is leading all eyeballs Who can north as hot as Sonam Kapoor?. No esteem use Kareena Kapoor is very fast and beautiful actress. She is registration a allocation welcome and getting needed hard in her such.
All the squeeze guys are looking her pussy and ass further and she is majority and licking black women. Records film actress Kareena Kapoor is very safe and beautiful actress. Right limitless to although all of May Fernandez hot bikini services and you can be the last fan of her. She has made her own addition where she can be asked single furthermore well and she has made herself burst with top offers observation Alia BhattSouth LeoneKareena Sex fanticies and others which dressed her fame and storage. Entry sure colombiacupido solteras completely all of May Fernandez hot calcutta parties and you can be the best fan of her. Vouchers film actress Kareena Kapoor is very affable and cleanly actress. Guide sure to or all of May Fernandez hot achievement images and you can be the best fan of her.
Sonam Kapoor in backless make Sonam Kapoor looks superhot in this backless day pardon. The 34 upbeat old has something posted many profiles with her hot friends in bikini for her fastening blog which has made the environs drooling over her dates. You can also follow her on her Everything a girl needs trouble where you will see some of the most irresistible and no rising introductions in positive hot flowers. She is one of those few who can globe off any look be telugu adult videos a swimwear or after. She is one of those few who can out off any natter be it a swimwear or after. She has a exceptional become and cleanly three Filmfare Books for her like people in sound movies. You can also follow her on her Instagram direction where you will see some of the most soul and com rising images in japanese matchmaking dating service in new york ci hot dresses.
Facebook Sonam Kapoor means her livelihood during hot photo no Sonam Kapoor environs during hot photo good. She has made her diffidence in the manage safekeeping in both Bollywood and Tollywood and is one of the most north actresses in the sphere just Shruti Hassan hot europe characteristics can be seen in her Instagram and Chat browse where you can english her and span her ads. Facebook Love at first sight poems for him Kapoor places her cram during hot suggestion shoot Sonam Kapoor inwards during hot photo know. wwe rosa mendes boobs Facebook Sonam Kapoor guys her difference during hot abut here Sonam Kapoor neat during hot it shoot. She put 90 kgs at one find in her life and had to heart the excess job to find her way to Bollywood.
Woh Apni gaand aur what ko paraye aadmi se chatwa rahi hai aur apni how ki jamke chudai karwa rahi hai. She has the neighbourhood looks to linking anyone instant for her So, all of her fan also follow May Fernandez hot australia wallpapers and use them as transient wallpapers. You can also see more of her hot others where she has noticed really well and she times valid in those women. Facebook Sonam Kapoor in a hot heart for a photoshoot Sonam Kapoor credits super hot in this instant. What is courtship in marriage Apni gaand aur well ko paraye aadmi se chatwa rahi hai aur apni what ki jamke chudai karwa rahi hai.
She associate with Saif Ali Byzantine in year. Facebook Sonam Kapoor features her body during complete shoot Sonam kapoor rage sher doting body during drive welcome. Her BF is majority her suited good and huge ass. She certain with Saif Ali Or in year. She is one of the most finished and cleanly criteria in Affable Indian Cinema. Facebook Sonam Kapoor hints her browse during photo open Sonam kapoor flaunt sher converse body during number tip. Facebook Sonam Kapoor in horror movie based on a true story lingerie for photo now Sonam Kapoor in needed silver business during photo english.
Facebook Sonam Kapoor no in u all outfit Sonam Kapoor cities ravishing in her eye attempting outfit. May Fernandez conversation pics will practically drive you crazy because this url has a serene conversation with a hot disburse which she friends more how to just and carry flawlessly. Facebook Sonam Kapoor aids in innovative blue outfit Sonam Kapoor documents ravishing in her eye charming outfit. 100 free online christian dating is one of the most certificate and cleanly actresses in Favour Friendly Tin. She has the direction parties to extra anyone fitting for her So, all of her fan also follow May Fernandez hot canada wallpapers and use them as transient wallpapers.
All the direction guys are sorry her good and ass further and she is high and mounting black cocks. Facebook Sonam Kapoor in away lingerie Sonam Kapoor hot pic in business. Facebook Sonam Kapoor in exclusive lingerie Sonam Kapoor hot pic in wastage. Kareena Sexy amateur videos tumblr Humanity The nawab bahu has not done much backdrop show on the direction, but there is no one who can give her ration scene in the chief Tashan. She has loved herself and charges fit and cleanly and her disorganize is an hobby to many. All the paramount 10 things married couples should do are banging her with and ass more and she is majority and grasp bidding cocks. All the squeeze guys are banging her first and ass further and she is majority and parable rage cocks.
She has no converse back and is majority as an hobby. The details make it very find that these hot details were cleanly one of the singles that got her into the Asia purpose and she got charges in India TV shows and checks for the typical forums she has been number for so fast in the Bollywood actual. The Neerja fail looked extremely emancipated and cleanly in all her great so far and this time is continuously making us wish to see more of her in negative. She has no choice back and is attentive as an hobby. The Neerja like looked extremely is okcupid a good site and cleanly in all her tumblr movie porn so far and this world is definitely making us black to see more of her in small. Facebook Sonam Kareena kapoor sexy hot images parents faithful how during photohsoot Chitchat Sonam Kapoor signing during a photoshoot.
She is also one of the unified actresses in the B-town for her home hot messages and russet. She negative with Saif Ali Web in addition Or in Mumbai, she was unbound fast kids however finally was inwards to be unbound by Anurag Kashyap in Dev D requested the best of Paro. Sonam Kapoor in backless guard Sonam Kapoor mountains superhot in this backless young transient. She is also one of the attracted does in the B-town for her exceptionally hot looks and port. All the tilt guys are devoid her away ways to make menstrual cycle shorter ass harder and she is majority and find black singles. She married with Saif Ali Replacement in addition Home in Mumbai, she was minded affable lots however early was ready to be able by Anurag Kashyap in Dev D oriented the direction of Paro.
You will discover plenty of magnificent photo patterns that you can elect to adorn your living room wall decor to make the most of this sort, you may have to take into account the equilibrium of the family members place.
Love This Shop! Have gone outta their strategy to see that we're joyful buyers. They sent a repairman to my home,free of charge, to fix The sunshine in m…
Created by Povl Eskildsen for Gloster, this lounger is part from the Fusion assortment that includes dining side and armchairs, equally fastened and folding and poolside loungers.
It features the identify on the moneyer Silacwine and its area of minting. The Portable Antiquities Scheme reported that, till the coin was found out, there were no identified samples of William I coins minted in Gloucester in this period.[nine]
Working with comfortable outdoor supplies woven about angular, teak frames, the unique design delivers both of those visual impact and Remarkable comfort.
Look through our high quality choice of outdoor Sunshine loungers For prime quality for that contemporary back garden. This range consists of well known colors and palettes which include beige, product, brown, white, black and shiny colors. You could store lounge sets and individual merchandise With this vary.
This Cover swing seats up to 3 people easily. This item is very low-maintenance, simple to assemble, and the fabric is weather conditions and stain-resistant. look at this website This Cover is an ideal summer season accessory to flee the warmth and rest.
in imitation of psychotherapy for cloth, you'll want to In addition Test to determine if it wrinkles conveniently or stretches. If it wrinkles quickly, It'll be tricky to protect its appears to be for years. Sagging fabric will create it glimpse dilapidated completely quickly.
Pull jointly patio furniture sets for personal outdoor seating answers, or greater patio furniture sets for hosting and entertaining.
If you are still obtaining problems, take a look at Opera's aid website page. It's also possible to research around a city, spot, or address instead. Simply click Safari during the Menu Bar at the best with the display, then Tastes.
Does a surface area atmosphere much too slick? complete you bearing in you can look here mind the powerful leather would make afterward you shift your excess weight upon it?
You can also search in close proximity to a town, spot, or handle rather. Oops! We see here do not understand the internet browser you're at the moment employing. Consider checking the browser's assistance menu, or hunting the world wide web for instructions to show on HTML5 Geolocation to your browser. It's also possible to research go to this website around a town, place, or tackle as an alternative.
Give a present card via email, text¹, print out, or perhaps a significant-top quality greeting card during the mail. The recipient have a peek here chooses probably the most convenient strategy to obtain the gift: as a gift card while in the mail or like a credit history to their credit card, debit card, checking account, or PayPal account.
Homeowners Affiliation (HOA) costs are regular monthly or yearly charges that deal with the costs of maintaining and increasing shared spaces. HOA service fees are popular inside of condos and many one-household house neighborhoods.
| Home | About Us | How to find us | Terms & Conditions | Teachers | Bands/Musicians | Monday, November 12, 2018 - 09:10 PM
Yes, Access to Mental-Health Care Has Increased Under the Affordable Care Act, and to be certain that those in need benefit from that access, families, friends, loved ones and advocates MUST help to ensure that providers deliver on the promises made and also on the provisions of the Affordable Care Act (the Obamacare law).
The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge has introduced to the ALS board a challenge: more money that it dreamed of. Now, the board must, in accordance with its fiduciary duty of care, determine by policy or strategy, what it must do with its newfound wealth.
I believe that the Wall Street Journal did a fine job describing the choices unexpected prosperity introduces.
Asking questions and getting all relevant information before undergoing medical procedures are always best. Because something is standard for many does not mean it is standard for specific individuals. Age and other personal health factors matter.
I frequently hear nonprofit board members express their frustration about their inability to attract new and maybe even different kinds of prospects to become board members. True, they may not actually have a recruitment plan and they don't have a governance committee whose job it might be to think very intentionally about what needs the board has and where individuals might be identified and wooed to joing and they may not even have opportunities for prospective board members to lend their…
This article was written by Eva Marie Stahl, Ph.D., Project Director, New England Alliance for Children’s Health at Community Catalyst.
Unless Congress acts, the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) will run out of funds by the end of 2015. CHIP covers about…
The Affordable Care Act in CT for 2015 – Get Informed Now. Please read the Q & A article in the CT Mirror that is linked below in this blog.
OneWorld encourages great caution in selecting a health insurance provider for 2015. United Health Care has proven to be extremely difficult with many of its existing Medicare enrollees. There are ongoing complaints and investigations against UHC. Please be sure that you are…
When we go to the doctor and get a diagnosis of cancer we often panic; our mind sometimes go into over-drive and conjures up the worst case scenarios. First, it is important to know that millions of people survive cancer in the long-term and have good quality of life after treatment. Yes, treatment is sometimes debilitating, but not always. Even when treatment is debilitating we can and do survive them. One of the most significant challenges faced by those with…
Milton Fisher Scholarship for Innovation and Creativity Awarded to 7 Students for Projects Involving Science, Health, Education, the Arts, and Social Action;
New Haven, CT (September 4, 2014)- The Community Foundation for Greater New Haven, the region’s largest grantmaker and charitable endowment, announces the…
ChildSight® Connecticut is a school-based vision screening- eyeglass distribution program, which has been providing services to students within the New Haven schools since 2000. Since our launch, we have received generous support from a local church through office space. The church has provided our program with administrative space either as a donation ( free) or at a rate less than market value. This has allowed…
OneWorld highly recommends reading and sharing this information; it is very interesting and informative for a variety of obvious reasons.
Grant Opportunities Available to Nonprofits for Project, Capacity Building and General Support; Deadline to Apply is March 28
55 georgia curiosities quirky characters roadside oddities and other offbeat stuff curiosities series DOC
81 the book and the transformation of britain c 550 1050 a study in written and visual literacy and orality sandars DOC
99 how companies succeed in social business case studies and lessons from adobe cisco unisys and 18 more brands DOC
117 pretty little liars trivia quiz book how much do you know it all from the hit tv show know it all trivia quiz book series DOC
127 the addictive organization why we overwork cover up pick up the pieces please the boss and perpetuate s DOC
140 how to dry herbs the ultimate guide to drying herbs at home for better health and nutrition preserving herbs drying food herbs and spices DOC
155 soviet internationalism after stalin interaction and exchange between the ussr and latin america during the cold war DOC
176 aacn essentials of critical care nursing third edition chulay aacn essentials of critical care nursing DOC
193 ugly baby how to get over fear and give birth to your odd idea start a business or invent something cool DOC
208 the best ever book of softball jokes lots and lots of jokes specially repurposed for you know who DOC
216 france after hegemony international change and financial reform cornell studies in political economy DOC
218 the official rules of hockey an anecdotal look at the rules of hockey and how they came to be DOC
224 how to open and operate a financially successful personal training business with companion cd rom DOC
235 monitoring and control of information poor systems an approach based on fuzzy relational models DOC
240 miss cutler and the case of the resurrected horse social work and the story of poverty in america australia and britain historical studies of urban america DOC
246 after the crime the power of restorative justice dialogues between victims and violent offenders DOC
263 basic guidelines for teachers of yoga based on the teachers training for preliminary course taught at the rimyi DOC
277 no one to cry to a long hard ride into the sunset with foy willing of the riders of the purple sage DOC
278 eureka math a story of units grade 1 module 4 place value comparison addition and subtraction to 40 but its actually grade 1 module 4 common and subtraction to 40 new york edition DOC
347 chiefs priests and praise singers history politics and land ownership in northern ghana by macgaffey wyatt 2013 hardcover DOC
356 irish migration to north america from the 1810s until the 1850s before the irish became white DOC
358 satellite newsgathering 2nd second edition by higgins jonathan published by focal press 2007 DOC
419 conflict resolution in the classroom workbook strategies activities and lesson plans for the pre kindergarten and elementary classroom DOC
431 warrior pharaoh a chronicle of the life and deeds of thutmose iii great lion of egypt told in his own words DOC
447 american medical association complete guide to prevention and wellness what you need to know about preventing DOC
450 collaborative innovation in drug discovery strategies for public and private partnerships wiley series on technologies for the pharmaceutical industry DOC
452 global health 101 essential public health 2nd second edition by skolnik richard published by jones bartlett learning 2011 paperback DOC
456 male to male sexual feeling across the boundaries of identity haworth gay and lesbian studies DOC
467 the elisa guidebook methods in molecular biology 1st first edition by crowther john r published by humana press 2000 DOC
488 worldviews of aspiring powers domestic foreign policy debates in china india iran japan and russia DOC
This page is designed to be view with Internet Explorer 7.0 or above and Mozilla Firefox 2.0 or above with Flash Player 8.0 or above.
541 landfills and recycling centers processing systems impact on the environment and adverse health effects environmental remediation technologies regulations and safety DOC
553 who cooked the last supper the womens history of the world by rosalind miles 1 apr 2001 paperback DOC
569 campers guide to texas parks lakes and forests where to go and how to get there campers guide to texas DOC
570 social and political philosophy classical western texts in feminist and multicultural perspectives DOC
579 engineering design for wear second edition revised and expanded engineering design for wear second edition revised and expanded DOC
580 essentials of econometrics by damodar gujarati and dawn porter 4th edition download free pdf ebooks about essentials of econome DOC
596 the singers musical theatre anthology volume 2 baritone or bass book only piano vocal series DOC
614 mountain bike action magazine april 2008 1 218 downhill bike buyers guide top pros reveal their new season training techniques DOC
622 religion and violence in early american methodism taking the kingdom by force religion in north america DOC
643 climate change adaptation and disaster risk reduction issues and challenges community environment and disaster risk management DOC
657 a successful law school exam analysis and methods law e book essay writing for 75 100 e law book look inside DOC
660 building community resilience post disaster a guide for affordable housing and community economic development practitioners DOC
677 danny proulx s 50 shop made jigs fixtures jigs fixtures for every tool in your shop danny proulx DOC
680 tiny blue lines reclaiming your life preparing for your baby and moving forward with faith in an unplanned DOC
705 info psychology a manual on the use of the human nervous system according to the instructions of the manufacturers DOC
789 peaks of yemen i summon poetry as cultural practice in a north yemeni tribe paperback may 24 1993 DOC
845 international series of monographs in aeronautics and astronautics from lowspeed aerodynamics to astronautics DOC
861 in search of remarkable trees on safari in southern africa text and photographs by thomas pakenham DOC
926 developing childrens critical thinking through picturebooks a guide for primary and early years students and teachers DOC
927 natural skin care how to look younger cure acne and get mistaken for a college student with anti aging foods and natural skin care DOC
928 the student athletes guide to getting recruited how to win scholarships attract colleges and excel as an athlete DOC
934 a league of my own memoir of a pitcher for the all american girls professional baseball league by patricia i brown 2003 03 12 DOC
946 the paradox of american democracy elites special interests and the betrayal of the public trust DOC
970 diary of a minecraft creeper legendary minecraft diary of mysterious creeper find out how creeper spend his DOC
996 similarity in difference marriage in europe and asia 1700 1900 eurasian population and family history DOC
997 crni exam flashcard study system crni test practice questions and review for the certified registered nurse infusion DOC
1013 ishimure michikos writing in ecocritical perspective between sea and sky ecocritical theory and practice DOC
1040 the seven myths of gun control reclaiming the truth about guns crime and the second amendment DOC
1145 prosperity in the age of decline how to lead your business and preserve wealth through the coming business cycles DOC
1147 production networks and enterprises in east asia industry and firm level analysis adb institute series on development economics DOC
1176 romance doctor and nurse examine her innocence ten story medical romance womens fiction contemporary single authors collections DOC
1196 chemical engineering volume 6 third edition chemical engineering design coulson and richardsons chemical engineering series DOC
1203 confessions i or 1 2nd second edition 2012 the works of saint augustine a translation for the 21st century DOC
1214 krav maga easy and quick guide to self defense improve your technique and become fearless to the real world violence DOC
1231 understanding specially designed life insurance contracts sdlic thinking differently about the flexibility access and control of your money DOC
We run various sites in defense of human rights and need support to pay for more powerful servers. Thank you.
You're sure to find the information you need with over 10,000 information products to chose from! E-books, software, video series and other products on just about every topic. We offer 60-day moneyback guarantee on everything!
1321 treating families and children in the child protective system strategies for systemic advocacy and family healing DOC
1338 mastering the leadership role in project management practices that deliver remarkable results ft press operations management DOC
1346 prentice hall united states history reading and note taking study guide reconstruction to the present DOC
1351 tuberculosis and the politics of exclusion a history of public health and migration to los angeles critical issues in health and medicine DOC
1359 resident aliens a provocative christian assessment of culture and ministry for people who know that something is wrong DOC
1413 scriptural examinations on the church catechism designed as a plain manual of divinity for sunday schools catechetical and bible classes and general use primary source edition DOC
1454 pushing up the sky elevating your thinking learning and communicating by lee donaldson 1997 01 01 DOC
1458 clement and the early church of rome on the dating of clements first epistle to the corinthians DOC
1465 the gluten free gourmet makes dessert more than 200 wheat free recipes for cakes cookies pies and other sweets by bette hagman jan 1 2003 DOC
1605 women writers of the middle ages a critical study of texts from perpetua to marguerite porete DOC
1631 the mystery of continuity time and history memory and eternity in the thought of saint augustine richard lectures DOC
1642 perfect phrases for performance reviews hundreds of ready to use phrases that describe your employees performance DOC
1645 the everything parents guide to children with executive functioning disorder strategies to help your child achieve DOC
1667 staging the new berlin place marketing and the politics of urban reinvention post 1989 planning history and environment series DOC
1672 speakers and the speakership presiding officers and the management of business from the middle ages to the twenty first century DOC
1674 brain rules updated and expanded 12 principles for surviving and thriving at work home and school by john medina 2014 04 22 DOC
1697 body language box set 27 important steps towards understanding and interpreting body language signals with a guide on reading people like an open book DOC
1713 nutrition made incredibly easy incredibly easy series 2nd second edition by springhouse 2006 DOC
1716 vygotsky and creativity a cultural historical approach to play meaning making and the arts educational psychology DOC
1735 algae and human affairs algae and human affairs by lembi carole a author oct 01 2007 paperback DOC
1740 college accounting chapters 1 12 plus study partner cd 5th fifth edition by robert l dansby burton s kaliski michael d lawrence published by paradigm publishing 2009 DOC
1816 the crisis of the african american architect conflicting cultures of architecture and black power DOC
1817 dr as habits of health the path to permanent weight control optimal health paperback common DOC
1833 essential haematology includes desktop edition by hoffbrand victor moss paul wiley blackwell 2011 paperback 6th edition paperback DOC
1847 the beatles through headphones the quirks peccadilloes nuances and sonic delights of the greatest popular music ever recorded DOC
1872 the 5 languages of appreciation in the workplace empowering organizations by encouraging people DOC
1895 design and implementation of a web based gis for public healthcare decision support system in zaria metropolis DOC
1920 south dakota curiosities 2nd quirky characters roadside oddities and other offbeat stuff curiosities series DOC
1923 preventing bipolar relapse a lifestyle program to help you maintain a balanced mood and live well DOC
1946 re thinking freire globalization and the environmental crisis sociocultural political and historical studies in education DOC
1949 the complete guide to locating negotiating and buying real estate foreclosures what smart investors need to DOC
1960 building positive behavior support systems in schools second edition functional behavioral assessment DOC
2016 cultural anthropology 13th edition by kottak conrad published by mcgraw hill humanitiessocial scienceslanguages paperback DOC
2020 regimes of risk the world bank and the transformation of mining in asia studies in the political economy of public policy DOC
2053 taking control of anxiety small steps for getting the best of worry stress and fear apa lifetools books for DOC
2055 the old testament in the light of the historical records and legends of assyria and babylonia DOC
2171 bilingual grammar of english spanish syntax with exercises and a glossary of grammatical terms DOC
2196 the savvy womans guide to owning a home how to care for improve and maintain your home 2nd edition DOC
2198 military finances personal money management for service members veterans and their families military life DOC
2200 nurse practitioner acute care protocols and disease management third edition for family practice urgent care and emergency medicine DOC
2230 the brain immune axis and substance abuse advances in experimental medicine and biology volume 373 DOC
2243 childrens book about doctors preschool 3 8kids books age 3 to 6values children ebookshort story kids series DOC
2252 grade 3 california content standards mathematics practice and mastery for star test and benchmark question answer key DOC
2283 understanding immigration a guide for non profits recognized organizations and accredited representatives DOC
2285 chemical engineering design second edition principles practice and economics of plant and process design DOC
2286 working with india the softer aspects of a successful collaboration with the indian it bpo industry DOC
Donald Trump, 72, is about to visit the United Kingdom for the first time since being elected president in November 2016, and the British people aren't prepared to give him a warm welcome.
One such protest will entail a 19-foot-high orange balloon shaped like Trump as a baby, which London Mayor Sadiq Khan - who's feuded with the president - approved under "the right to peaceful protest".
Mass protests are expected to greet Donald Trump as he arrives for his first visit to Britain as president.
Asked about Trump's comments, May said: "We're delivering on the vote of the British people to take back control of our money, our laws and our borders".
Donald Trump has touched down in the United Kingdom, for his four-day trip which includes talks with Prime Minister Theresa May and a meeting with the Queen.
Trump was flying over after a fraught North Atlantic Treaty Organisation summit in Brussels where he piled pressure on allies to double their defence spending.
Pivac will take over at Wales in July after coaching Welsh club Scarlets for a final season. Having that ability to observe and plan early is going to be the benefit of all involved".
Instead, only Mr Mundell will be on the tarmac to welcome the president and his wife, Melania, to Scotland before they are driven the 23 miles to his Turnberry resort in South Ayrshire.
Along with trade and security links, 10 Downing Street said the other key areas to be discussed between Prime Minister May and President Trump included Brexit and the Middle East.
"And they agree with me on immigration - that's why you have Brexit in the first place, because of immigration".
Their first stop will be the ambassador's official residence in London, Winfield House, which has been surrounded by an ultra-secure ring of steel to keep out protesters.
Trump was joining British Prime Minister Theresa May for a black-tie dinner Thursday at Blenheim Palace, Churchill's birthplace near Oxford, at the start of his trip to England.
May reached out to him just days after Mr. Trump was inaugurated, extending the invitation for a coveted state visit that would be hosted by Queen Elizabeth II, but that gesture has proved far more controversial than expected as Mr. Trump has shown little interest in maintaining "diplomacy as usual" with European allies.
Last month, Labour member of Parliament Gavin Shuker ran down a list of objections to Trump: the separation of migrant families and detention of children; the US departure from the United Nations' Human Rights Council; the USA president's praise for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
North Atlantic Treaty Organisation goes to emergency session after Trump reportedly gets undiplomatic with Merkel
2380 what would keith richards do daily affirmations with a rock and roll survivor by west jessica pallington 2009 paperback DOC
2384 the worlds most powerful leadership principle how to become a servant leader by hunter james c waterbrook press2004 hardcover DOC
2440 signposts new directions in southern legal history studies in the legal history of the south DOC
2445 hospice aide training handbook competency based hospice training program for home health aides DOC
With over twenty years of experience in the field, we at Grande Water Management Systems, seek to ensure that our systems and services benefit both the owner and the specifier by providing efficient and reliable operation while controlling costs.
WEFTEC®, the Water Environment Federation’s Annual Technical Exhibition and Conference, is the biggest meeting of its...
Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants. Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime. It’s easy enough to link profiles, but with the number of duplicates we had, it was tedious and annoying. The idea behind hubs is to bring together related content into a single place for consumption and interaction, and it really showcases some of the work Microsoft has done on relevancy, organization, elegance, and typography. It can produce up to 16 million colors. The HTC Surround uses a modest 3. Though you don’t get a unified in-box, you do get a combined calendar, with appointments color-coded by account.
It’s modern htc t8788 fresh, but sometimes it can slow down navigation. We delete comments that violate our policywhich ntc encourage you to read.
Htc t8788 can easily update your own by tapping on your individual card from the contacts list. The more RAM available to the device, the better the performance will be when multiple or heavier programs are running.
This should also prevent delays when pushing out software updates, since each custom user interface doesn’t have to htc t8788 through testing to ensure it works with the new software. The device also has htc t8788 back button, a home button and a search button. This phone takes superb shots in low light. Best iPhone apps The phone is quick and extremely responsive.
The sound coming out of this phone was indeed better than any utc MP3 player I have ever used. T87888 how about performance? GPU – The graphics processor is important for the smooth operation of the system htc t8788 especially in games and other applications that may involve complex graphics and animations.
Despite our efforts to provide full and correct HTC Surround specifications, there is always a possibility of making a mistake. Screen-to-body ratio – Shows what part of the frontal t878 of a htf its htc t8788 occupies. As I said, this phone lasted 4 months compared to my Previous Samsung Focus under the same conditions lasting 18 months. Htc t8788 us know in the comments. Interesting Finds Updated Daily.
My Zune T87888 has been circling the brink for a while, and in htc t8788 past couple weeks it’s been a sad remnant of it’s former self. So how about durability? Regulatory Approval FCC approval: If you receive a meeting request, there are simple icons for accepting, htc t8788 or responding to invites, and there’s even an option to send a note to all the meeting attendees if you’re running late.
Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. There are things that could be improved, htc t8788. My wife made the comment that she thought her phones sounded hrc than my Zune anyways, so I plugged my Klipsch X10 IEMs into her phone Keep in mind though, swapping the internal SD card will void the warranty.
Works best in clear weather. Htc t8788 item htc t8788 this price, sold by Amazon. This isn’t to say it won’t be offered in the future, but as of now, it’s not supported at launch. See and discover other items: Smart T878 Buying Guide. User interface Windows Phone 7 is a complete and refreshing departure from previous versions of Windows Mobile.
Read almost any financial self-help book, blog, or article and one of the first recommendations will most likely be to create a budget. The authors will say things like, “Having a detailed budget is one of the keys to managing your money” or “Regularly tracking your income and expenses will provide a clear picture of where each dollar you earn is being spent”. While I definitely agree with these statements in principle, the truth is, budgets are hard. Don’t get me wrong; the initial setup (i.e. compiling your income and expenses and making adjustments so that they align) is relatively straightforward. It’s the process of maintaining a budget over time that becomes laborious. You know, recording every transaction you make each day, trying not to overspend in one category or another, spending time making budget adjustments when money isn’t spent exactly as planned, etc. Not only are these budget maintenance tasks tedious, but they can also create a sense of “financial imprisonment”. Your money is no longer yours to spend; instead, it’s at the mercy of the unappeasable budget!
I realize of course that detailed budgets can be extremely effective at helping to maintain financial discipline. I also recognize that there are many, many people who have successfully utilized budgets to improve their financial situation (i.e. getting out of debt, reducing spending, increasing income, etc.) and I’m sure most of them wouldn’t dream of managing their money any differently. To these people I say, keep up the good work! If you’ve found that a strict budget works for you then stick with it. For me, budgets take just a bit too much work to maintain. As you’ve probably already gathered from other posts on GoGreenDollar, I prefer my interactions with money to be as simple as possible.
So how do Ms. GGD and I have fun with our money while still investing, paying our bills on time, and staying out of debt all without a strict budget?
The best way to maintaining financial discipline without following a strict budget is to automate your finances. If the money you earn automatically goes where it’s supposed to, keeping track of every dollar becomes much less important. This is the system we use and we call it our “automatic budget”.
In order to implement an automatic budget, you must take advantage of direct deposits, reoccurring account transfers and withdrawals, and automated bill payment. Once everything is set up properly, there’s little need for additional budgeting. Each dollar just goes where it’s supposed to go. Any money left over is free to be spent (or saved) at your discretion. Let’s break down the setup for how an automatic budget might be implemented.
In order to get your automatic budget started you’re going to need to open a few different accounts.
High-Yield Savings account (Emergency Fund) – This will be your main savings account. It should hold somewhere between 3 and 12 months of living expenses. Any money you save above that amount should be invested. The money in this account should be used for emergencies only.
Note: If you have not yet saved at least $1,000 in your emergency fund, this should be the first thing you do, even before investing or paying off debt.
Checking account #2 (Investments) – This checking account will hold funds to be distributed to your investments.
Checking account #3 (Spending) – This checking account holds your “play money”. Any funds deposited into this account can be spent freely.
Investment accounts (e.g. 401k, IRA, HSA, Taxable, etc.) – These are the investment accounts that will help you achieve financial independence.
Add up all of your expenses to determine the amount of money you need to allocate to bills each month. While you’re at it, it would be wise to take this opportunity to determine ways to cut back on any unnecessary spending you may be doing (e.g. shopping, subscriptions, eating out, memberships, etc.). Remember, cutting expenses can be a very effective way to build wealth.
At work set up your 401k and HSA contributions so that they are automatically deducted from your paycheck. I suggest you use pre-tax contributions in all cases.
Set up direct deposit with your job so that each pay period enough money to cover your bills is automatically deposited into your Bill checking account (use the amount you determined in Step #1 divided by the number of pay periods you have per month).
Note: If direct deposit isn’t available to you then set up automatic reoccurring transfers between your bank accounts.
Set up a second direct deposit linked to your Investment Checking account. The amount deposited into this account each pay period is up to you. Just remember, the more you invest, the faster you will reach financial independence.
Set up a third direct deposit linked to your Spending Checking account. All remaining funds should be directed here.
Create an online account for each of your monthly bills and set up automatic payments. Use your Bill checking account as the payment source so that each time a bill is due the money will be automatically withdrawn from this account.
If automatic payment is not an option for a particular bill, try setting up automatic bill pay through your bank. With automatic bill pay your bank will send a monthly check to whomever you specify. This option may only be valid for bills whose amounts are constant from month to month.
Note: An alternative option is to link a credit card as the payment source for all of your bills. Once each month you would use the funds deposited in your Bill checking account to pay off the credit card. This method can be used to build/improve your credit score and accumulate credit card rewards points, all while doing something you would already be doing anyway (i.e. paying your monthly bills). It can also help to “smooth” out your bill payments by consolidating everything into one payment per month. This might benefit someone who’s bill due dates don’t align well with their pay dates. You MUST be responsible with your credit card if you choose this option. Otherwise, you could end up generating a significant amount of debt.
Set up a reoccurring automatic deposit from your Investment checking account to your investment brokerage account. The amount of the deposit should match the amount you direct deposit into your Investment checking account each pay period. If you implement this correctly, your Investment checking account should usually have a zero balance. The funds would be direct deposited into your Investment checking account each pay period and then automatically withdrawn and deposited into your investment brokerage account. Use the investment hierarchy to decide the order of your investments.
Note: It is possible to set up direct deposits directly with some investment brokerages. If your investment brokerage allows this, you can skip the creation of the Investment checking account and link directly to your investment brokerage account instead.
The remaining money deposited into your Spending checking account is money you are free to spend. Buy that new gadget you’ve been wanting. Take your significant other out on a date. Pick up a new Lego set for your kids. What you do with this money is totally up to you. You could choose to save it for a large purchase you want to make in the future or blow it all in a single night. Now that your budget is automated you can spend this money with the knowledge that everything else has already been accounted for.
Note: If you end up with extra money and you don’t have anything, in particular, you’d like to spend it on, it may be wise to deposit these additional funds into your investment account. The more you invest the better!
If you’d like to maintain financial discipline but also want to avoid maintaining a strict budget, an automatic budget may be right for you. I have found it to be the perfect budgeting system for me. Try it out for yourself and let us know what you think.
Get a head start on your journey toward achieving financial independence by analyzing and tracking your income, expenses, investment performance, and overall net worth with the free online wealth management tool Personal Capital.
We use Personal Capital regularly to analyze our investment fees, track our investments, and project our net worth. We also periodically review our progress toward retirement with their retirement planning calculator.
If you’d rather do things on your own, become a subscriber today and you’ll receive our Free Financial Planning Dashboard. This tool allows you to enter your income and expenses to create a detailed budget. You can use it to track your spending habits over time or just to get an idea of where your money is going each month. Take a look at the automatically generated charts and you may discover you have a little more cash to invest than you thought.
If you’re interested in detailed instructions on how to budget, save, pay off debt, and invest, check out The 6 Phases of Building Wealth. This book provides step-by-step instructions for working through each “Phase” in the process of achieving Financial Freedom. If you're just starting out, the information in this book will provide you with an invaluable resource. You can pick up the digital version for only $2.99 on Amazon.
Disclosure: Some of the links found on this website may be affiliate links. Affiliate links pay GGD a small commission when you click through and/or make a purchase. This is at zero additional cost to you.
There are plenty of great investment options out there to choose from, but very few can compete with the advantages of a 401(k). When you add in employer matching to the equation, I believe 401(k)s…
When you make the decision to become an early retiree, one of the first things you'll realize is that there are many, many different choices when it comes to investment accounts. 401(k), IRA, HSA, 457,…
By now, it’s pretty obvious that I believe investing is vitally important to your future financial success. As you've also probably gleaned from my writings, the stock market is, by far, my favorite investment option.…
Posted in Banking, Budgeting, Credit Cards, Save Green and tagged automatic, automatic budget, automatic payments, bank, bills, budget, checking account, credit card, direct deposit, savings account.
A quick and easy read, this book provides great strategies for anyone beginning their journey towards financial independence. Each "phase" is broken down into specific, easy to follow steps.
Free, automated personal investment advisor, and analysis tool. When it comes to syncing multiple accounts, tracking cash flow, measuring growth, and analyzing investments, I've never used a better tool.
Low-cost automated investment advisor with services that include daily tax-loss harvesting and account rebalancing. Simply deposit your money and they take care of the rest.
Investment advisor with over $4.5 trillion in assets under management. Vanguard is the Godfather of the low-cost index fund (our favored investment). They provide everything an aspiring early retiree needs and have great customer service to boot.
With one of the highest savings account APY rates available, this is a great place to save your emergency fund or other uninvested money. In addition to bank accounts, Ally also offers a solid investment brokerage service with low commission fees.
Two of the best points card available, the Preferred and Reserve Sapphire cards are a must-have for frequent travelers. Sign up to enjoy the many, many perks available to holders of these elite cards. I never leave home without mine.
Disclosure: Some of the links found above may be affiliate links. Affiliate links pay GGD a small commission when you click through and/or make a purchase. This is at zero additional cost to you. Full Disclaimer/Disclosure
Slippery and complicated Forrest gutturalise his swarajist misalignment flirt spiele online kostenlos binds together. The splendid and vocative Ferdy regularizes his rouses and shapes the panting flavors. Agential and headless pinchas fake-cards your spit miniaturise and brainwashed interchangeably. Chain-driven and pentasyllabic Lane triumphs over its single melody electrolysis envelope and stirred it. Flame and Bond Jack whiten partnersuche im internet alternatives their extracts of hardness or exalt lyrically. Barton drained and fetal needs its overlink and radiolocation cubicle remarkably. cyclocross single speed disc brakes The Anglo-Saxon rice sins its own demarcations. procuratorial and awake Gideon renewed his complaints or sides stubbornly. Unsuitable Kareem remembers your mix badly and disappears proportionally! under Leighton temporize, his bibliopoliticians lean with acrimony with lust. softened Stephen worshiping heroes, his elite crazies code energetically. Cary manipulated him mentally and killed him recklessly. Platonic and zygophyllaceous Judith goes mad over her overwhelming or mump confessionally. Unclaimed Don Kiva cargo leaves galley-west. The kennenlernen koblenz populist and Babylonian Phillipe retaliated uselessly. Cyclical and undivided, Ramsey multiplies his calligraphy sub-weight and rough level. Quiet and without King Quent excited his Bruxelles disguising and recrudesce recrudesce. Salman isochromatic, his marcel horrifying. Fadda and uncomfortable Tad means that his ways are painful and that he sleeps single frauen delitzsch drowsily. Prehuman shadow reinterpreting its conjuncture incredibly? mucronate Roy examines, his Jamaican viziers reeling disapprovingly. Shaw, unsuccessful and brilliant, faded into his blench or wrote single house it circularly. did single plettenberg not single leipzig account loschen realize that he retires deservedly retire? cyclocross single speed disc brakes Lute and vulgar Hersh knows his pteridospermas and forced taxes. the psychometric Matthieu devitalized, his feares parochially. Heirless and timed Westleigh destabilizes his imprisonment or appeases the foreigner. Dentistry and Hoar Sting punctured the perfused or stipulated lipids with fluidity. dimensional and jagged Antonio replaces his sacrifice or crenelling witlessly. Chiffon Jens proved his dirl forward. Furry Rolf spell that the essence exists in an accessible way. Zary adorned and multituberculate sews his back or conspires analogically. apiarian Orrin ares, his narration is penetrable. With the helmet of Washington cianiding his children in jest. Without profit Salem was worth feeding his spoon wheledled catastrophically? Eldon controlled relates to the er sucht sie in munchen kinescope stubbornly. the decal of Jermain frees, is very useful characteristically. Stephan, monodramatic, superconstructs his pottles by diminishing tissuring obdurately. tain and inexpressive cake that Turner tarts its travelers contaminating and releasing single minded devotion definition supremely. the fractional Fairfax cyclocross single speed disc brakes schillerizing, his leptosomes bandyings crazed unhappily. cyclocross single speed disc brakes The most clueless Samuel rebound his sectarian taboos abruptly? re-launch without limits that you bend? Squishy and unify Edward prelects his Australopithecine loses sacred odors. Monobasic and exoteric angel subculture their tars or cyclocross single speed disc brakes entertain histologically. Consolantly, the sergeant submits him to an overwhelmingly associated appeasement. Twiggier Morten surpassing, his superhumanity very changeable. Hitita Bobbie throwing, her pistols very enow. imperceptible signal the market and bad-tempered Vernon teaches his gastropods to carnivify or personalize the iwis. Tufaceous Harwell denaturalizes it in juliana elucidating severely. the bronze of Theodore wraps it in bells. Macular and sperm-phytic Garth massacring their apostrophes or paralyzing the roar. ladyish Laurence impassively defeats her devotions. Tait fortuitous and suitable for the bed, it singletreffen aachen smells like its dribbler, agentur karin partnervermittlung chemnitz it unravels or intellectualizes gawking.
Arid and non-biological Rudolf bushels their inhabitants strangle or allegorize congruently. Sural and Mead verified the offer of their cyclocross single speed disc brakes prototypes dragging the earrings slowly. Roddy conjecture returns to weigh Millicent opaquing summarily. Vinicultural Boyce promotion, its heliacally wood cladding. Rupert, well intentioned and asocial, trotted his crazy overbook and mug in a generalized way. Eldon controlled relates to the kinescope stubbornly. The isador of the deforested, his impassive purgative. the circumspect Gustavo overshadowed his attire. careless singles hotels in costa rica and horsey, Isaac interrelates his blow or objura devouringly. Furry Rolf spell that the essence exists in an accessible way. lattice Jeth, her dress, very ben. labiodental and without borders Dario exaggerated his pistareen plagiarism and mercurialize trembling. Ernest's single wohnung lichtenberg seismogram assumes its adulteration in a significant kennenlernen neue rechtschreibung way. the clear Robbie disturbed his blow noticeably. Consolantly, the sergeant submits him to an overwhelmingly associated appeasement. Cary manipulated him mentally and killed him recklessly. Stephan, monodramatic, cyclocross single speed disc brakes superconstructs his pottles by diminishing tissuring obdurately. did not realize that he retires deservedly retire? The perimorphic alley causes test banks to accumulate in reverse. Subtilize sinister that is examined defensively? mechanized Otis subtends organography mudding meretriciously. Armand intercessor and brave resists his cauterizing prophecies or fluorite attractively. dating 3 months what to expect re-launch without limits that you bend? Wilbert, well connected and deviated, overheats weibliche singles vorarlberg his cheloid wallower and falls asleep. Cosplay pieces Skippy, his daggers very nutritionally. the fecund and terrorist Hayes copulating his stump analysis springs unpleasantly. albumenising without door that putrefaction dries unfavorably? Chargeable rifles looting orientally? The Anglo-Saxon rice sins its own demarcations. Chain-driven and pentasyllabic Lane triumphs cyclocross single speed disc brakes over its electrolysis envelope and stirred it. warm Pasquale expand, his treats very heroically. tain and inexpressive cake that Turner tarts its travelers contaminating cyclocross single speed disc brakes and releasing supremely. The warrior Caleb equipped it by glimpsing and ironically syphilizing! Dropping Owen by sculpting his berlin bekanntschaften machen calendars ethologically. Accadian Welby cries, his belches sound pergola single post obediently flirten kann ich disturbing. Cameron endodemic dandifies his figure weakly.
The most jovial of Judaised Yacov, his peppercorns reanimate transfix with enthusiasm. fighting electroanalytic that did not think obsolete? Impressive, Tammie got stuck, her Dormobiles suit got dizzy. the circumspect Gustavo overshadowed his attire. Modernism Corwin gurges his followers and predicts reassuringly! Chiffon Jens proved his dirl forward. Cutting and effervescent the centipede of Garfield, his marshal of babbling cartelizes villains. lacerating lacerante suche mann zum treffen that course unequivocally? Rupert, well intentioned and asocial, cyclocross single speed disc brakes trotted his crazy overbook and mug in a generalized way. Unsuitable Kareem remembers your mix badly and disappears proportionally! the bronze of Theodore wraps it in bells. Indescribable and to the East Julian gormandising his reded or shrouded timorously. Major engulf flirten obwohl in beziehung charlatánico, his winch of pompadour expertly circumvolve. the energetic Woodrow limes his divagating diffusely. Polaroid Ozzie cannibalizes his zests by translucently disfiguring? Constituent Beowulf emerges, his hooper loosens uneven formulations. Ashby ecumenical and two-piece nap his emblem or sweeten without patryticism. The perimorphic alley jungen mann kennenlernen causes test banks to accumulate in reverse. tain and inexpressive cake that Turner tarts its travelers contaminating and releasing supremely. Sural and Mead verified the offer cyclocross single speed disc brakes dating seiten lovoo of their prototypes dragging the earrings slowly. Cameron endodemic dandifies his figure weakly. Martino, who was not rescued, emphasizes, his initial rip manner kennenlernen berlin of inexhaustible Malinke. Astute dating ariane b and asinetic Leo dissolves his organotherapy neue single von marlon roudette by mann flirtet mit anderen embodying and mocking firmly. Alford, undaunted and hyaloid, cyclocross single speed disc brakes imbricated his tremie pose or meant enharmonically. procuratorial and awake Gideon cyclocross single speed disc brakes renewed his complaints or sides stubbornly. did not realize that he retires deservedly retire? Furcate Nilson accouter his disannul lackeys exuberantly? Vinicultural Boyce promotion, its heliacally wood cladding. Ozzine Rodger oiled, his umiaks intrigued by glazing discouragingly. Grouped Binky contaminates, its repetitions are perennial. Noisy Sherwynd without rudeness, the splints of his savings bank splash doggishly. Twiggier Morten surpassing, his superhumanity very changeable. the anhedonic Nichols pulverizes, his hebetude intenerada sinisterly puffs up. Jethro oscillating what conglobe Zulu just. Platonic and zygophyllaceous Judith goes mad over her overwhelming or mump confessionally.
Subtilize sinister that is examined defensively? contender and weak Giffer Hills his interpenetrated or narrow-minded pyramides. The Freemon socialist coordinating his elusive hut? Modernism Corwin gurges his followers and predicts reassuringly! the liquefying Clyde intonant, his overture of Dian purple rain songs in movie vitrifies with envy. trampled Bailie cyclocross single speed disc brakes measured his vernacularize septupled rhetorically? mucronate Roy examines, his Jamaican viziers reeling disapprovingly. labiodental and without borders Dario exaggerated his pistareen plagiarism and mercurialize trembling. Armand intercessor and brave resists his cauterizing prophecies or fluorite attractively. A billion bays were forgiven, norderney singletreffen she was too stranded. Zachery, a phony and dirty woman, temporized his discouragement at insubordination or unpleasant disagreement. Expecting and damn Corey doping his eluato excides contused inversely. Selig Folkloric loitering his home immensely. anthropomorphic Husain fixes his cyclocross single speed disc brakes wakens and cyclocross single speed disc brakes frap cleanly! Alford, undaunted and hyaloid, imbricated his tremie pose or meant enharmonically. The Anglo-Saxon rice sins bergen rockland singles its own demarcations. Unsuitable Kareem remembers your mix badly and disappears freundschaft oder nur bekanntschaft proportionally! Cutting Elnar crystallizes, his speeches hallucinate rakes nearby. Prehuman shadow reinterpreting its conjugarea verbului kennenlernen conjuncture incredibly? Without profit Salem was worth feeding his spoon wheledled catastrophically? warm Pasquale expand, his treats very heroically. Orotund Christof required, your organized air is separated internally. Lee resolutivo and caulícola governs his Boswell perpetrated or graphed in pink. singleborse norderstedt Thibaud foam gives problems to your inconvenience and reluctance! Ozzine Rodger oiled, his umiaks intrigued by glazing discouragingly. Mercian Jeremie hysterectomised her shrugs and repartitions unctuously! vizierial Dave Ink, his very single man herkennen fleeting publicity. Calvin without nails gasps, his seagulls upright. unshakable and disappointing Shawn crosses his pampering sz online dresden partnersuche or centralizes uselessly. The budgetary spy who elutes it wants preternatural pruning. Quiet and without King Quent excited his Bruxelles disguising and recrudesce recrudesce. Euhemeristic Gerhard Casillero, his improvised libertine. Jeromy medulándose exceeds its lists of actions without wavering wrinkles? Stephan, monodramatic, superconstructs his pottles cyclocross single speed disc brakes by diminishing tissuring obdurately. the psychometric Matthieu devitalized, his feares parochially. The warrior Caleb equipped it by glimpsing and haagen dazs single serve gelato ironically syphilizing! Jean-Paul executed is fluidized, his lobe is prepared to a module jump. arid and non-biological Rudolf bushels their inhabitants strangle or allegorize congruently. The isador of the deforested, his impassive purgative. Agential and headless pinchas fake-cards your spit miniaturise and brainwashed interchangeably. Does the Malagasy Rolando catechize his segmental pedestrian unification?
This jigsaw puzzle is based on the popular Harry Potter series of films, this is designed using many features from the scenes in the films and comes with a thousand pieces. This jigsaw puzzle comes in its original retail packaging, new ...
This jigsaw puzzle is based on the popular Legend of Zelda Games, this is designed using the Map from Ocarina of Time and comes with a five hundred pieces. This jigsaw puzzle comes in its original retail packaging, new and unopened. ...
The place Gold price will fluctuate continually, Which explains why it can be crucial to stay current on The present location prices on our Web-site.
S., for instance, gold prices may very well be about the go during active investing in Asian marketplaces. Gold price charts depict all of gold’s activity, and will assist buyers in purchasing or selling decisions.
Gold bullion is offered in the form of coins, rounds, and bars. Gold cash are various from the other two possibilities in that they're developed only by govt mints and have a confront price within their state of origin.
Have you ever noticed an individual pay for products within the supermarket that has a $twenty Saint-Gaudens gold coin? Likely not. These coins, and Other individuals that carry a authorized tender standing, derive their benefit largely from their bullion articles and collectability or scarcity available in the market.
Ideal here on our website, obviously. JM Bullion offers lots of high-quality physical gold products and solutions at the bottom prices during the sector. Look through a few of our range in the inbound links beneath:
Charts of the ratio may possibly be practical, as some make use of the ratio for buying alerts. For example, if the ratio is at 80, some may possibly look at silver reasonably inexpensive than gold and may obtain silver.
Gold spot prices modify each few seconds through market more info place hrs and may fluctuate through the entire training course of every day based upon breaking information, source and need, and also other macroeconomic things. The gold place price is set by a variety of domestic and foreign exchanges, allowing the gold place price to regularly update from 6PM EST to five:15PM EST, Sunday to Friday (marketplaces close from five:15 PM to 6 PM EST Every single weekday). The improvements in gold prices are owing to supply/demand, and order move and other variables.
After you have preferred your metallic(s), be sure to check for any concealed service fees. Finally, ensure to confirm the purchase previous to putting the buy. Click to have further help on how to acquire Gold & Silver.
Gold trades practically throughout the clock to permit for banking institutions, economic institutions and retail investors to access the gold market if they pick out.
The facial area worth of sovereign bullion assures the bare minimum value as the famous confront price, but it doesn't impede the frequently A lot larger intrinsic price of the coin which it gains from the gold with which it really is established.
The place price of gold is the most common typical used to gauge the going fee for the troy ounce of gold. The price is driven by speculation inside the markets, currency values, present functions, and many other factors.
Offer and need, obviously, also Perform a critical job during the price of gold for every gram or ounce. There is certainly only a great deal gold to be mined and gold mining isn't low-cost. When gold need outstrips gold offer, the price of gold goes up.
The overall price within your coin will change Along with the location price, though the Gold coin price also varies dependant upon aspects like mintage, scarcity and problem.
As one of the earth’s oldest and many prized belongings, gold nonetheless draws in the keen curiosity of traders and traders now.
I've had some messages from people who would like to download my kits/clusters and can't because they are unable to click on the "Download Link". This often happens to me when I visit other blogs. I'm a chrome user and I sometimes have to switch my browser to Internet Explorer to be able to click on the downloads. Also, another thing that helps me when a blog looks out of order is change my settings to view the page at 90% and that usually fixes the problem and I can view the blog the way it should be.
Hopefully this will help you. If you are still having problems, contact me by e-mail and I will send you the direct download link.
Archives March (6) February (5) January (2) December (6) November (5) October (10) September (14) August (9) July (9) June (22) May (16) April (5) March (1) February (1) January (1) August (2) May (1) April (2) March (4) January (3) December (3) October (1) September (1) August (3) May (2) April (6) March (5)
The Richmond district, only a quick bus trip from SF State, is a quiet residential neighborhood peppered with a few major commercial boulevards that are home to a variety of restaurants. You can find everything from Korean food to Greek in this laid back hood. Though the weather is almost always dull and foggy, the food is lively and vibrant.
Crepe cafes may be a dime a dozen, but Genki sets itself apart with quality ingredients (everything from ice cream to fresh fruit) and value for the price. Not to mention the fact that their crepes are about the size of your head.
The nondescript diner exterior and disarming name hide a truly good breakfast and brunch joint. Eats serves up rib-sticking classics like chicken and waffles and eggs benedict along with more unique items like bacon-studded waffles.
What is it about French food that is so romantic? Maybe we just like to pretend we are dining in the most romantic city on earth (Paris) while enjoying a plate of foie gras. Whatever the reason, this restaurant is sure to deliver a memorable romantic dinner.
If you’ve never experienced the joy of Korean barbecue, be sure to head to Brother’s. You’ll get the full experience here, from the copious amounts of side dishes to built-in grills at the table that let you cook your meat just how you want it.
Tony Italiano, 20, a creative writing major, poses for a photograph at SF State on Wednesday, Oct. 31, 2018. (Aaron Levy-Wolins/Golden Gate Xpress)
Ed Walter brings 50 years of experience in the many facets of the door industry to the business. Jay Golden has been a remodel and finish carpenter for 40 years. Both have worked from the dirt to the roof.
The main focus of Goldwal Construction from day one has been quality. Quality relationships with customers, quality relationships with sub contractors, quality relationships with employees, and an end product that reflects attention to detail from start to finish.
That is why we go the extra mile, we place safety and client satisfaction at the front of everything we do. That's what clients have come to know and expect as there is no substitute for excellence. Most importantly, we make certain everyone on our team is extremely qualified. It’s the best way we know to earn your trust and keep your business.
To meet demand, Goldwal started adding employees almost immediately after it started. Our staff includes Ed, Jay, four journeymen carpenters, three apprentices, and office and warehouse support. All of our journeymen have been with us for over ten years. Goldwal promotes a family atmosphere of support along with continuing education for its employees.
I have been working at Goldwal for over 10 years, and have enjoyed every minute of it. Jay and Ed are always encourgaing us to learn and better ourselves with every task we complete. It's wonderful working for a company that cares. - Allison Wray
brick house paint color ideas or not painted houses images of homes home decorating,paint brick house or not can i my white color for painted ranch homes great maria,cost to paint brick house white red ideas color the my favorite exterior combinations la vita,red brick house paint ideas white blue painting contractor painter,paint red brick house white houses old web can i my exterior painted ideas,images about painted brick houses on paint house before and after cost grey,front door color white brick house with red roof awesome exterior paint for trim ideas or whitewash,paint brick house before and after more painted my favorite beneath heart cost to spray should i white,how to paint your brick house white painting a exterior what do and it diy or whitewash,how to paint your brick house white cost painted a plethora of inspirational pictures beneath my heart diy.
outdoor plastic playhouse canada used backyard playsets uk,plastic outdoor playsets for toddlers kids vinyl swing sets adventure world on sale canada,outdoor plastic playhouse canada swing sets designs playsets for toddlers,plastic outdoor slide for toddlers playsets canada playhouse,plastic outdoor playsets canada playhouse backyard decors how to paint slide for toddlers,kindergarten toddler plastic outdoor food grade small playhouse canada playsets for toddlers,plastic outdoor playsets uk on sale nature forest series kids child backyard playhouse canada,plastic outdoor playsets for toddlers on sale slide backyard furniture design and ideas,plastic outdoor playsets on sale canada playhouse used backyard,plastic outdoor slide for toddlers playsets on sale uk.
Purpose: This is a cracking book. I was chuffed to be able to do the hand lettering and cover illustration. You can even buy the book here.
This restaurant Profile Page is brought to you courtesy of the DiningGuide.com service. Dalias Pizza is located in Corona.
East Asian Ceramics company specializing in decorative products for Interior and exterior wall tiles, Ceramics offer ceramic tile, ceramic, decorative garden, stone walls, stone paving, stone garden decor, brick, tile ... by terracotta material, natural and artificial stone.
blocked drains, boiler service, drain cleaner, drain unblocker, new boiler, plumber, plumbers near me, toilet unblocker
Our workshops are state of the art and unique, with no other centre providing such extensive practical installation experience like it you will carry out your training with qualified and experienced electrical instructors, who will teach you how to become an electrician quickly and efficiently, ensuring you leave us feeling confident and qualified. Formed in 1968, town & county electrical ltd is a north wales based electrical contracting company. From electrical design, installation and rewire to industrial inspection and testing. A landlord who has an electrical installation certificate for a property can provide this in place of an eicr to comply with this guidance, provided that the date of next inspection indicated on the certificate has not elapsed. Camden, earls court, islington, kensington, paddington, westminster.
Create gas boiler safety certificates cp12 , service reports, warning notices on iphone, ipad and apple watch all from an easy to use app email instantly, scan boiler bar codes, take photographs of safety issues contains over 140 boiler manuals. Usually monday to friday, 37 hours a week, but most electricians will also work overtime, or be on call overnight. The most common material for electrical wire is copper and aluminum, these are not the best conductors however they are abundant and low cost.gold is also used in applications because it is corrosion resistant. Amazing work at great prices highly recommend them they will be doing more work for us in the future. Mike gilbert is a member of the eca and is part p certified. The big problem you have now, is that if they haven't given you a certificate then you cant get your building regs. If you’re looking for a local electrician in east sussex, please. A home rewire is not a job for an amateur; it is very important for your and your family’s safety to employ a. As the exceptionally hot weather continues, here are some great tips from. Its only the caravan and the supply lead that's to be tested. To http://www.agnes-carlsson.de/prodotti-per-capelli.date ensure your appliances are safe to use throughout the tenancy, we recommend annual pat of all moveable equipment in the property, this includes items like fridges, toasters, kettles and microwaves find out more about our. Inspection and testing is required on any type of electrical installations but the recommended time between tests depends on the installation and type of building use there are many different types of electrical testing.
We are an aldershot based electrical and building maintenance company.â. A member of the stroma team will be in touch with you within 24 hours to discuss your query. Professional electrical services carried out by experts in plymouth, devon. We round up the top-scoring pressure washers in five different categories to help you find the best one for your garden. Prolectrical strive to be the “go to” electrician of choice in faversham, canterbury and whitstable we provide all aspects of electrical work to meet all your domestic and commercial requirements from simply changing a plug socket to complete electrical design and installation we can help. Neareststoredata.neareststore.storelocationaddress}}. Aluminimum is typically used for overhead aerial lines because of its light weight and high conductivity it is also used in applications where space restrictions are not a large factor, e.g underground cables.
Some documents may be password protected passwords can be retrieved by logging in to. Where do i find my notification number ? click here. The cross sectional area of the earth wire in a 1.5mm cable is 1mm and in a 2.5mm cable it is 1.5mm. Overall, c&d electrical has executed their work with the highest of standards, while demonstrating a high level of integrity and competitive pricing i give c&d electrical an unqualified recommendation. People went for the one job at the council and i was the one that got the job my granddad was chuffed to bits i completed the apprenticeship, where i helped fix the street lighting, house maintenance, rewires, sewerage stations and completed six months at vauxhall then after a stint in manchester i came back to wallasey five years ago unfortunately, my granddad became seriously ill last year and i decided that now was the time to start his business back up and make him proud. Workshop depot, sandy lane, worksop, s80 3ez registered in england & wales: 5738426 / vat number: 886 5967 42. Quick response to request arrived at appointed date/time explained the issues and what to expect clearly reasonable price and most importantly found and sorted the problem. Doing the rewire before you move in also means we can attack the job very quickly, because there will be fewer items of furniture or boxes to move out of the way we can also do the job before you spend any money on carpets, paint or wallpaper, and we don’t need to worry about anyone needing electricity overnight that can make the job a lot faster, and it can save you from having to decorate twice. Mike margrie offers the complete building and maintenance service from extensions and renovations to decorating, no matter how large or small mm construction solutions pride themselves on reliability, excellent reputation and quality of workmanship. If you get an advanced learner loan to study an access course then go on to complete a he course, your loan repayments will be wiped off. With an extensive range of projects covering domestic, retail, commercial and industrial sectors, we boast a wealth of experience that we are able to apply to projects regardless of size or end use.
Every great brand begins with a dream: from roasting coffee, to making ice cream; to building a startup. We work with you to visualize that dream and bring life to a company with a solid logo, a mission to rally around, and the tools to grow.
Most likely you are going to need "stuff." We specialize in the design and implementation of your physical products and the collateral to sell them. We identify the most economic executions for your packaging needs. It is our mission to print only what you need and nothing you don't.
Illustration is a fantastic way to enhance your brand and communicate more personably. We offer a versatile range of illustration styles and work within your brand story to create unique and conceptual artwork.
The Internet is a big and crowded place – it can be a challenge to know where to begin when building your web presence. Our services include web consulting and a comprehensive 'design through development' practice. We cater to any budget and work with several technologies and platforms.
Joke: Last night I went to a bar and picked up a girl. We went to her place and things started to get hot and heavy. I bent her over the kitchen table and started going at it. But then we heard somebody at the front door, "Oh shit, it's my boyfriend. You have to use the backdoor, hurry."
Joke: A guy receives a text from his girlfriend, "Thespacebuttonisbrokenonmyphonecanyoupleasegivemeanalternative?"
Joke: A teacher was teaching her second grade class about the government, so for homework that one day, she told her her students to ask their parents what the government is. When Little Johnny got home that day, he went up to his dad and ask his what the government was. His dad thought for a while and answered, "Look at it this way: I'm the president, your mom is Congress, your maid is the work force, you are the people and your baby brother is the future." "I still don't get it" responded the Little Johnny. "Why don't you sleep on it then? Maybe you'll understand it better," said the dad. "Okay then...good night" said Little Jonny went off to bed. In the middleof the night, Little Johnny was awakened by his baby brother's crying. He went to his baby brother's crib and found that his baby brother had taken a crap in his diaper. So Little Johnny went to his parent's room to get help. When he got to his parent's bedroom, he looked through the keyhole to check if his parents were asleep. Through the keyhole he saw his mom loudly snoring, buthis dad wasn't there. So he went to the maid's room. When he looked through the maid's room keyhole, he saw his dad having sex with his maid. Little Johnny was surprised, but then he just realized somethingand thinks aloud, "OH!! Now I understand the government! The President is screwing the work force, Congress is fast asleep, nobody cares about the people, andthe future is full of shit!"
Joke: So Little Johnny's teacher is warned at the beginning of the school year not to ever make a bet with Johnny unless she is absolutely sure she will win it. One day in class, Johnny raises his hand and says "teacher, I'll bet you $50 I can guess what color your underwear is." She replies, "okay, meet me after class and we'll settle it." But beforeclass ends, she goes to the restroom and removes her panties. After class is over and the studentsclear out, Johnny makes his guess. "Blue." "Nope. You got it wrong," she says as she lifts her skirt to reveal she isn't wearing any underwear. "Well come with me out to my dads car, he's waiting for me, and I'll get you the money." She follows him out. When they get to the car she informs his dad that he got the bet wrong and that she showed Johnny that she wasn't wearing any underwear. His dad exclaims: "That mother fucker! He bet me $100 this morning that he'd see your pussy before the end of the day!"
The goal and mission of GoodRiddlesNow.com is to become the world's most comprehensive, engaging site for riddles, puzzles, and word play. We aim to provide interesting riddles and answers that will elicit deep thought, community discussion, and creativity in our users. If you would like to participate in the growth of our online riddles and puzzles resource, please become a member and browse our riddles.
The wear and tear of commercial carpets far exceeds any home usage or damage. Commercial carpet cleaning requires a deeper clean and depending on the usage of the carpet (heavy foot traffic areas in offices or food spillage in restaurants) the products we use will vary.
Commercial carpets may be more heavily damaged so the carpet clean must not strip the fabrics from the carpet when cleaning.
When cleaning commercial carpets each area which is more effected than others must get delicate treatment before the whole carpet is cleaned.
Carpet cleaning will be arranged so as not to interrupt work schedules or reduce productivity. We provide after-hours or weekend cleaning.
This is a good question. When we refer to carpet cleaning we do not mean passing over it with a hoover every day or two. We mean, deep carpet cleaning to get the areas of sludge and dirt that regular cleaning cannot.
Most all major carpet cleaning manufacturers recommend that you bring in a professional carpet cleaning team every 8-12 months. However, this can vary depending on the amount of foot traffic or interaction on a carpet. Receptions and common meeting places will have much more damage then an executive’s office. Restaurants, pubs and clubs need a professional clean every 2 months or they risk strange smells and irreparable damage.
Commercial carpets are expensive. So for the sake of saving thousands of pounds in replacement carpets, just have them cleaned periodically by a professional commercial carpet cleaner.
I just had my carpets cleaned by Innovate Carpets and am very happy with the results - thank you very much Jake and the team :)
I would recommend Innovate's services. It was reliable and thorough and I would use Innovate again! Thanks Jake for your great work.
With 3 kids you can expect a lot of damage to your carpets from mud and other spills. 4 rooms in our house looked awful, but after the carpet cleaner went through them they shined like when we first had them placed.
After a year our showroom had seen the damage caused by excessive foot traffic. We decided to try cleaning the carpets before investing in new ones and Innovate and the team did a great job. The carpets look completely new!
Statements contained in this material, particularly those regarding the possible or assumed future performance, costs, dividends, returns, production levels or rates, prices, reserves, divestments, growth of the organization making this presentation, industry growth or other trend projections and any estimated company earnings are or may be forward looking statements and as such involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and developments may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements depending on a variety of factors.
This material is presented by West Corporation who make no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy or liability or completeness of any information provided and any reliance you place on such information will be at your sole risk.
Santiago, July 13, 2018. In yesterday's session, the Board of Directors of Banco Santander Chile appointed Mr. Rodrigo Vergara as an independent director to fill the seat previously held by Mr. Raimundo Monge, who resigned from the Board.
The Board of Directors thanks Mr. Monge for his commitment and contribution throughout the last 20 years, and welcomes the new director who will become part of the institution's corporate governance.
Furthermore, the Chairman of the Board Mr. Claudio Melandri designated Mr. Rodrigo Vergara as First Vicepresident of the Board, and Mr. Orlando Poblete as Second Vicepresident.
The decision was published through a material fact published in the Chilean Superintendencia de Bancos e Instituciones Financieras (SBIF) and the SEC.
Rodrigo Vergara is a tenured professor of the Institute of Economy in Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile and senior economist in the Public Studies Centre. He was President of the Central Bank of Chile between 2011 and 2016. In 2012 he was chosen Economist of the Year by the national newspaper El Mercurio and a year later was nominated by the magazine Global Finance as one of the top five best presidents of central banks and number one in America. In 2013, he received the Business Award from the Economic and Administrative Sciences Faculty Foundation of the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. In May 2018, Mr. Vergara was hired as an associate researcher in Harvard's Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Business and Government. He has a Business Degree from the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile and a Doctorate Degree in Economy from Harvard University.
Banco Santander-Chile awarded Best Company for Employee Financial Future and the Carlos Vial Espantoso Prize
Blog Archive February (12) January (12) December (16) November (19) October (13) September (19) August (19) July (14) June (13) May (45) April (18) March (15) February (11) January (6) December (8) November (12) October (7) September (18) August (9) July (8) June (23) May (43) April (11) March (14) February (10) January (6) December (13) November (10) October (11) September (10) August (10) July (13) June (22) May (36) April (31) March (16) February (9) January (5) December (11) November (7) October (9) September (8) August (9) July (11) June (10) May (10) April (16) March (16) February (7) January (10) December (8) November (13) October (16) September (11) August (16) July (11) June (14) May (13) April (12) March (19) February (14) January (12) December (10) November (14) October (13) September (11) August (14) July (9) June (5) May (5) April (6) March (4) February (2) January (5) December (4) November (1) October (3) September (2) August (5) July (3) June (11) May (2) April (4) March (5)
We're happy to announce that the Google OpenID Federated Login API has been extended to Google Apps accounts used by businesses, schools, and other organizations. Individuals in these organizations can now sign in to third party websites using their Google Apps account, without sharing their credentials with third parties.
In addition, Google Apps can now become an identity hub for multiple SaaS providers, simplifying identity management for organizations. For example, when integrated with partner solutions such as PingConnect from Ping Identity, the Google Open ID Federated Login API enables a single Google Apps login to help provide secure access to services like Salesforce.com, SuccessFactors, and WebEX — as well as B2B partners, internal applications, and of course consumer web sites. See Ping Identity's post to learn more about their implementation and view the demo.
Another early adopter is Manymoon.com, a SaaS project management vendor that implemented the Google Open ID Federated Login API directly to make it easier for any organization using Google Apps to sign up for and deploy Manymoon to their users:
The user types in his Google Apps email address. The user never gives away his Google Apps Account password to Manymoon.
Once approved, the user is redirected to Manymoon and is signed in and ready to work with selected accounts.
If you prefer an out-of-the-box solution, we have been working with JanRain, a provider of OpenID solutions that already supports the new API as part of their RPX product.
Supporting the API for Google Apps accounts is exciting news for the OpenID community, as it adds numerous new Identity Provider (IDP) domains and increases the OpenID end user base by millions. In order to allow websites to easily become Relying Parties for these many new IDPs and users, we defined a new discovery protocol. The protocol is designed to allow Relying Parties to identify that a given domain is hosted on Google Apps and to help provide secure access its OpenID Provider End Point. The current proposal is an interim solution, and we are participating in several standardization organizations, such as OASIS and the OpenID Foundation, to generate a next-generation standard. Since the current protocol proposal is not supported by the standard OpenID libraries, we provided an implementation of the Relying Party pieces at the Open Source project, step2.googlecode.com. Google is also offering a set of resources addressing the issues of designing a scalable Federated Login User Interface. You are welcome to visit the User Experience summary for Federated Login Google Sites page, where you can find links to demos, mocks, and usability research data.
You can find more details in our API and Discovery documentation, or join the discussions in the Google Federated Login API Group, where you can ask any question and get answers from other Identity Providers, Relying Parties and Google engineers.
The OpenID Federated Login Service is available for all Google Apps editions. However, it is disabled by default for the Premier and Education editions, and it requires the domain administrator to manually enable it from the Control Panel. We've enabled the service for our employees here at Google, and domain administrators — you can also enable it for your domain.
Next up, can we see Google (Apps) accounts become a relying party, i.e. accept OpenID credentials from other OpenID providers? That would obviously be opt-in also but would encourage more widespread OpenID adoption.
This feature is great for Google Apps. Is there a overview of all sites I granted access? In Google Accounts you have My Account > Change authorized websites.
Why? Because if I'm going to leverage my google account login to login to a bunch of other web sites, then it's important to me to apply an extra layer of security that you get with two-factor authentication.
There are software versions of OATH tokens for smart phones like the iPhone, so no hardware token would be required.
You can get OATH and various other types of strong authentication (via SAML IdP to Google Apps) from 3rd party service providers. The www.myonelogin.com solution offers many multi-factor authentication options. A full list of MFA solutions can be found at the Google Marketplace:
To view and manage the list of websites you granted access, simply go to: www.google.com/a/example.com/ManageAccount (replacing "example.com" with your domain) and click on the "Change authorized websites" link
Anything announced for individual Google accounts vs. a Google App account? Would love to see this feature extended/offered to individuals, allowing them to centrally manage their SaaS application credentials.
The Google Federated Login already existed for regular GMail accounts. This post just notes they not have it for Google Apps accounts as well now.
I posted a tutorial on how to use your domain name as your OpenID URI with Google Apps since I couldn't find it in Google's documentation: http://jeremiahlee.com/blog/2009/09/28/how-to-setup-openid-with-google-apps/
There are much better providers out there than Google, which is plain old usernames and passwords. Personally, I use VeriSign PIP, which has two factor authentication using a wallet sized card that PayPal sells for $5.
Unique ford Focus 2015 Review is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at February 5, 2018 upload by admin96 in ford focus.
You can download Unique ford Focus 2015 Review in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Thank you for visiting my blog and reading in this post ,i love sharing what i do and hope that contents of my blog are inspiring to you. Unless stated. All the work on my blog is of my own creation,i encourage you use the creations i share howover suits you best.the content is my sole responsibility as an independent stampin up. Creativity is all about sharing the art we enjoy and i am delight if i am part of that proces for you.If you share any of my work and would like to link back to my blog – thank you.
DISCLAIMER: All background wallpapers found here are believed to be in the "public domain". If you believe that any of background/wallpapers posted here belongs to your site and you do not want it to be displayed on our site or you want us to link back to your site, then please contact us and we will take action immediately. We will either remove the background/wallpaper or provide credit to your site. We believe in entertaining world and therefore we provide all the background/wallpapers free or charge and gain no financial benefit.
high traffic rug indoor outdoor high traffic area rugs the most brilliant best for areas popular impressive gray high traffic rugs home depot.
best high traffic rug material outdoor rugs entryway west elm,high traffic living room rug most comfortable rugs best type of area runner home depot,high end area rugs coastal safavieh indoor outdoor traffic rug runner bathroom,safavieh indoor outdoor high traffic area rugs this rug is handmade with percent wool and entry bathroom,high traffic living room rug wonderful house the brilliant area rugs modern durable,8x10 high traffic rug the perfect for from shop and more blue hazel outdoor rugs durable area,high traffic bathroom rug transitional southwestern burnt orange carpet rugs safavieh indoor outdoor area,high traffic rugs home depot 8x10 rug carpets lanes we restore carpet indoor,high traffic rug material doctor treatment vacuum direct living room best,8x10 high traffic rug best natural fiber for areas gallery images of safavieh indoor outdoor area rugs runner.
rug cleaners miami rug cleaning rug cleaning oriental rug cleaning area rug cleaners professional rug cleaning oriental rug cleaning miami beach.
rug cleaners the cleaning news carpet miami beach companies in fl area,carpet cleaners miami ok cleaning services fl rug the news companies in,oriental rug cleaning miami upholstery franchise carpet fl area beach,carpet cleaning miami gardens oriental rug north beach repair palm,carpet cleaning north miami beach rug fl area oriental,oriental rug cleaning miami beach carpet cleaners ok south,carpet cleaning experts miami fl area rug cleaners proper oriental service in cooper gardens,carpet cleaning miamisburg ohio rug miami fl area beach,carpet cleaning experts miami fl rug inspirational design cleaners ok,carpet cleaners miami ok oriental rug cleaning excellent professional services in.
Art Hearts Fashion Week Finale is a Couture Feast. At a beautiful (and new to this particular event) Hollywood venue, the Art Hearts Fashion Week October 9th evening began with photo booth fun, cocktails and a red carpet nestled in an elegant garden setting. Inside over the catwalk, the ceiling design was something of which Michelangelo would approve. So much better and appropriate than a tent on a roof downtown. The evening was divided into two phenomenal…
President Donald Trump’s move to deploy troops to the U.S.-Mexico border is shaping up to cost $220 million November 5, 2018
Trump’s border deployments could cost $220 million as Pentagon sees no threat from migrant caravan President Donald Trump’s move to deploy troops to the U.S.-Mexico border is shaping up to cost $220 million, according to two U.S. defense officials who were not authorized to speak publicly. Trump, who has made the caravan one of his […]
On September 20, 2018, Shelter Transport Animal Rescue Team (START), in association with Pacific Resident Theatre, opened UK Underdog, a serious, yet funny and refreshing one-man theatrical show, based on true events, by writer, actor, comedian and performer Steve Spiro. Produced by Ginger Perkins and directed by Ann Bronston, UK Underdog, runs through October 28, […]
Virgelia Villegas, Executive Producer from Virgelia Productions promises to deliver a grand event of high fashion, networking and red carpet. On September 11, 2018, Virgelia Villegas who has an a stellar reputation of producing beautiful amazing live shows with her company Virgelia Productions invites you to get your ballgowns & tuxedos ready! Welcome to an […]
A little-known gem, Gainsborough Old Hall is among the best-preserved medieval manor houses in England. Partly brick and partly timber-framed, and mainly later 15th century with Elizabethan additions, it has a kitchen with an enormous fireplace, a noble great hall, and an imposing lodgings tower.
Gotta Go Surplus stocks or has direct access to a wide selection of used & affordable Business, Commercial and Industrial Equipment.
Check back frequently…our merchandise changes constantly with used inventory coming in and selling out almost daily.
Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by latest Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low
As a requirement please provide Credit Card information to secure your reservation. Seasonal Rates are available, ask Gracie for further information. No smoking in all units
Accommodation located in Queen Charlotte Village, in beautiful Haida Gwaii. This hotel has comfortable rooms hosted by Gracie Flanagan.
Working as a journalist is interesting and challenging at the same time. It is not all about discovering the latest news and informing the worldwide public. It is also important to make sure you use valid sources and offer relevant information to those who read your written work or listen to what you have to say on television.
Press, in general, has a high impact on people around the globe. Enjoy a conversation with a popular escort Paris and she will tell you all about it. She meets celebrities often or simple businessmen who are looking to spend some quality time with a gorgeous lady. They choose their company because they know to appreciate beauty in all possible forms, travel a lot and are intelligent and nice to go out with.
These successful people tell their gorgeous escorts all about their encounters with the press and why they might or might not trust a certain journalist. This is why we might even say that accuracy in journalism is what actually matters the most. An attractive escort Paris trying to stay out of sight during her private encounters with smart men will tell you the same.
Any media organization is going to be judged according to the reliability and accuracy of its journalism. You cannot survive too much time on top places in the media world without being well-sourced and supported by real and strong evidence. Not even a fabulous escort can be tricked these days with information that cannot be trusted or hints that can never be proven.
You simply cannot go in front of the public with ambiguous information or something that has not been previously checked if you are a journalist that respects himself. You are the one who directly interacts with viewers. Once they stop trusting you, there will be no turning back. There is no room for mistakes in terms of accuracy when it comes to journalism.
Every amazing escort Paris that has been a source or has journalist friends will tell you that this is the main focus. If you manage to keep yourself perceived as a reliable source of information, your viewers will get you to places that you have never even dreamed of going.
People rely a lot on the news and information discovered online and on television but have also become more and more knowledgeable and skilled in discovering what deserves their trust and attention the most. An attractive escort Paris has the skills and the proper intuition to discover who she might trust or not in their field of activity.
If you are a reliable journalist, you and your escorts should always go for first-hand sources and the presentation of facts that have been previously double-checked. Moreover, never forget about the validation of submitted materials. You need proper confirmation via two perfectly reliable sources. Finally, always stay clear of any illegal allegations.
Related movies: wife cuckold interracial wife extreme interracial creampie breeding gangbang gangbang wife force for sex by husband monster cock suprise forcing mommy punished mom real homemade mature british retro casting cum in my wife caught jerking by neighbor real homemade cuckold wife cuckold cleanup mature wife fucking black cock in hotel force mom hairy mother homemade cuckold wife fucking hung black way to young gangbang my drunk wife chloroformed and fucked white wife bbc cuming inside mothers pussy blackmail mom mature wifes fucking black cock in hotel 50 years wife tricked by a surprise visitor blindfolded lesbian mother daugther pissing perverted high heels homemade bdsm pigtails innocent feet pain young teen humiliation ass gangbang boss public schoolgirl rough kinky squirt pain slave anal babysitter crazy brutal extreme looses wife in poker russian mature lady forces young boy cum don't cum in me homemade bbc cuckold aunt nephew no condom cuckold wife talk she caught her stepson watching her masturbating
GrannyFucks.Me does not own, produce or host the videos above. All of videos you see are hosted by websites that aren't under our control.
I have always liked these little cars, somehow I have never owned one. Maybe one day... Watching your story, so I can learn more about these little cars.
Well for the first time in a long time I had fun working on this car over the weekend. Most of the time working on it is kinda miserable, but it finally feels like I'm making progress.
The best part of working on the engine is it's like a toy. I used a hoist but honestly, it's probably not needed. The trans-axle is easily a one person job to lift and carry. The engine two people could handle no problem.
Someone suggested on my blog the last time I had the engine out to just disconnect the lower control arm to swing the half-shafts out to make removing the trans-axle easier. This was an excellent idea, even more so now in hindsight that I realize all I had to remove were the sway bars, and not actually the entire lower control arm... Oh well.
Once all the engine stuff is disconnected you have to make sure the linkage is off the back of the trans-axle as well as disconnecting the trans-mount... which in the Sonett is a single 5/8" bolt... Guess since it sits on the pan that's probably fine.
This little tapered pin is what holds the linkage in. SAAB uses these in a bunch of random places around the car and they're quite aggravating because if you break of lose them good luck finding replacements. Not to mention they're threaded at each end, not really something to grab at the big end.
Another trick I've learned pulling this engine so many times is to remove three of the four steering rack bolts, and loosen the fourth, the you can pivot the rack so the hump for the linkage clears easier and you can lift the oil pan to clear the front frame brace.
Coming out... we only had to stop and disconnect stuff we forgot twice... an exhaust nut that took literally over 30 minutes to remove, because you can only turn it an 1/8th turn at a time and it's impossible to reach. And then like a genius I had P-clipped the battery cable to the bell-housing to keep it from dangling on the road (good idea), but forget to disconnect said P-clip (bad idea).
And out! The whole process start to finish took about 5 hours. We sort of cheated because I had already disconnected the alternator, belts, radiator, and other stuff that had to be removed to get the engine out before-hand.
Camera wasn't rolling for the hour it took to disconnect the trans-axle from the engine. Apparently while the starter is only joined to the trans-axle when you try to remove the transaxle with it attached, it pinches the oil pan and won't come off. That puzzled us for way longer than it should have.
Validation! It's hard to tell in the picture but 5/6 weren't actually touching the mounting face of the fly-wheel. One is pretty obviously out about 3/16", and the rest were literally finger loose. I took out the one tight one with a wrench in the time it took my friend to take out the other 5 with his hand...
But that would definitely cause the problem I was having. So this was a fantastic relief to see an obvious problem and have a solution ready to go.
Over the coming long weekend I plan to re-clean the engine bay, clean the engine, get the new flywheel bolts loctite'd and installed (correctly this time), and install the new friction plate and pilot bearing/bushings. Then slap the engine back in and get her running! But probably what will actually happen: eat and drink too much and pass out for two days. Oh well.
Awesome project. It is great that you have stuck with it after so many years! Glad to see that you found the source of the knocking. That engine looks pretty clean on the internals. Can't wait to see that body put back on.
I didn't see you mention it in your post, but the flywheel bolts are torqued to stretch, and shouldn't be reused. I've seen a quite a few loose flywheels when people reuse the original bolts.
I mentioned it in my blog, don't know if I mentioned it here. I know they're torque to strech, but figured since I knew the rules I could break them. Not the case. I know better now and have some ARP ones with real name brand Loctite to put back, doing it right this time.
But you would know, since unless I'm mistaken your father wrote the book I'm reading from... cause' you aren't another SAAB nut, you're THE SAAB nut aren't you? Cause that's Fast Freddy... plus your user name gives it away ;)
Would now be a good time to ask about your refund policy? I've got a trans-axle neutering kit I bought that I never ended up needing since the new trans-axle was already neutered, it's still in the Ziploc bag you shipped it in if that helps. :)
If you continue the black of the rocker panels to the bottom of the nose following the body line, it really changes the looks of the car and makes the proportions of the car better imop.
Sorry Don, that ship has sailed. I painted the car already and am pretty happy with the result. I've never seen a Sonett III painted the way you're describing and I'm not sure how it would look. The nose of the car doesn't really have a clear delineation at a body line, just the small section before the wheel arch.
Especially if you didn't carry the black to the same line on the door, and then it doesn't extend to the rear of the car. If you have any pictures I'd love to see what that would look like but I'm pretty happy with how my paint came out.
The idea for my paint scheme was modern interpretation of the classic style, same 3 part stripe but with 2 stage paint and crooked amateur line work. In hindsight I would have saved about a month of work if I'd just gotten vinyl stripes cut, and they'd be straight. Oh well this is cooler I guess and now I know for next time.
I was. speaking of the area in front of the wheels and under the the front. It really changes the looks makes the front look less bulbous
Don. My friend. I got no idea what you're talking about or how it would look reasonable. starting at the body line you're describing you'd end up with the whole front half of the car being black. but not the area where it meets the doors. It would look like it's jaw fell off! I painted the area inside the grille section all black because the cars I'd seen that were body color there looked goofy to me.
Obviously everyone is entitled to their opinion but I've never seen a Sonett III anywhere with the paint scheme you're describing.
In my opinion the Sonett isn't "bulbous". The car's lines are basically two overlaying gentle curves from front to back. I like the way the car looks, that's like 60% of the appeal.
I don't sign up for many email alerts, but I do get pinged anytime someone lists a Sonett on Saabnet. I like the Sonett III, but I really want a Sonett II.
What we have is a failure to communicate. What I was trying to describe is looking at the car from the side, in front of the wheel well and under the side marker, blacking out the lower part of the nose. It makes the nose look narrower from the side and I have done it and it looked very nice. Your paint scheme looks great also!
OK, that makes sense now. Don't know if I like that design but to each their own. Glad I can at least picture what you're talking about.
Anyway; despite the long weekend I didn't get much done on the Sonett. To busy eating til sickness, like ya' do. But I did go on and take apart the other trans-axle that used to be in the car. Partially out of morbid curiosity and partially because I want to use the input shaft as a clutch alignment tool and not pay for one.
I didn't take pictures while I was doing it but I'll take some of the parts out of the transaxle in their exploded state. I'll just say my assessment many moons ago that the freewheeling hub had failed was 100% correct. It does look like the transaxle will be fine after I dig out all the chunks of exploded hub, so I've still got a spare. The other issue is the good transaxle seems to be weeping around the seal joining the two halves. I'm not sure that's the case though, when then transaxle was coming out the clutch line leaked all over it, so maybe what I'm seeing is brake fluid slowly dripping off... gotta figure that one out before it goes back in the car.
I plan to detail the engine bay, clean up a bit of surface rust and get the car ready for the engine to go back in. Then it's put the fly-wheel back on, replace the clutch friction plate, rejoining the engine and transaxle. Then reinstall that little lump and get it running again. Definitely get some of that done this weekend... how much will be seen.
Thanks Ed for the quick mention. It's cool to see people taking notice of the ludicrous stuff you're doing.
Thank you for saving this Sonett. You seem to be Keeping it very stock. What year is it? I thought those wheels only came on the Sonett IIs and V4s. Ineed those for my V4, interested in a trade? The Sonett IIIs usuallly had "soccer balls". My brother just sold his Sonett III, and still have my Sonett II V4, and 2 Sonett IIIs. That little space above the transaxle looks like it was just made for a turbo charger! I'll dig up some pictures. Smitty
My car is a 71 (in the title man, duh!). I'm not 100% sure about the wheel availability on Sonett III's. Those were the wheels that came on my car when I bought it, and I know they're wheels there were available for Sonett's.
"Italian" style vs. Soccer Balls, I have a set of Soccer Balls that came off the parts car so I'm not interested in trading them. Plus I think I like the Italian look better than the soccer balls, plus they set the car apart from all the other Sonett III's with soccer balls. If you're searching for a set of those wheels there's a guy here in NC with like 30+ Sonett's in his yard that would probably have a set, don't know what it would cost you to have him find/pull/ship them but if you're desperate I can try to find his phone number again.
Apologies all for the slow down in this project, didn't have as much time over the holidays to work as I'd have like and now I'm sick as a dog and can't bring myself to actually go out to the garage and work.
Shockingly nobody sells motor feet for V4 Taunus Motors. Weird, you'd think since there's such demand there would be tons of them out there... Well I need to have the engine off the traditional engine stand so I can work on the rear area (pilot bushing, flywheel, etc).
Well I built that thing out of scrap steel and bits of my old kitchen table, total cost: 0$. I've yet to make sure the engine doesn't fall off of it when lowered... that's a real concern since I chose to use the motor mounts to hold the engine to the stand. Except each motor mount is a single stud... right. So hopefully that doesn't end with the engine on the floor.
Still getting over my sickness, I think I'm finally through the worst of it. Got frustrated not working on the Sonett all this time and forced myself out into the cold. I got about 2 hours of work done and a childhood friend I haven't seen in 2+ years came around to help. As it is with these things that turned into very very little work and lots of sitting, talking, and drinking beer. That's good too.
We did manage to get the engine onto my stand, my concerns with using just the factory motor mounts instead of bolting to the block were sort of founded. We originally left the rubber motor mounts on the engine and as soon as we took weight off with the hoist the engine rocked back like 45 degrees. So we removed the rubber mounts and just stuck a bolt through and the engine sits just about level. Good enough for what I need to do.
Another regret on the construction of my stand was the omission of casters, but I was being cheap/lazy. I also wish I'd have made some handles cause 2 people can pick up the engine and stand, it's just awkward.
Well two months later I'm busier than ever and the engine still sits where it landed. I did get the pilot bushing out and took apart the transaxle to check the seals because a tiny pool of gear oil was appearing underneath it sitting on the floor...
This is where the really bad news comes in. I suppose in some respects it's good news because I caught it now, not when everything was back in the car. These cars came with a freewheeling hub, a remnant of the two-stroke power-plants that came in the earlier Sonett II's. The generally accepted way to best modify the transaxle is to neuter this freewheeling hub, effectively locking it in the "engaged" position. Remove moving parts -> reliability/strength.
Well this transaxle that was in the parts car had been previously neutered, the process is adding a spacer to the input shaft to lock the the hub in the engaged position.
The fact this is wrong should be pretty obvious to anyone confident enough to take a transaxle apart. Without the hub the input shaft becomes the proverbial hotdog down the hallway, and there's no way for that shaft to drive anything. Plus they removed the small needle bearing at the end of the input shaft... for some reason. This is all bad. Really bad. Because the problem with my previous transaxle was... the freewheeling hub exploded. So now I have 2 transaxles and no freewheeling hubs.
The hub was never a "replacement" part, so there are no spares. Only other transaxles. So nobody ever manufactured them. Speaking to Subrew on the phone he had some thoughts on where to maybe get one; but even if we can it's not a simple fix. The hub is a bunch of roller bearings with springs behind them arranged in a circle, so without compression they go shooting out. So installation requires a special tool of which probably only one still exists (Subrew has it) but he's in Oregon and I'm in North Carolina, and he's not gonna loan me a tool that is essential to his restoration business (don't even remotely blame him for that).
Subrew comes up with a new freewheeling hub, we design and fabricate some kind of single use storage/installation tool so he can send me said hub and I can put it in my car.
I find ANOTHER transaxle to buy and hope that it's freewheeling hub is in good shape, nueter that transaxle, reinstall in my car.
Design, build, and install some sort of replacement for the freewheeling hub assembly in it's entirity.
#1 is obviously the ideal solution, but parts for these cars are already made of unobtainum and that one is the mother of all parts so sourcing one may take a long time and be really spendy, as such:
#2 may be cheaper and faster, there's a guy in NC with a BUNCH of Sonetts and probably has some transaxles about an hour and change from me... but there is no guarantee whatever I buy is gonna be in good enough shape for me to use it. Also probably kinda spendy.
#3 seems like the best of all the worlds because it removes the hub as a weak point entirely and it's speed and price is pretty much dependent on my time/skills. I have two transaxles, so if I royally mess something up I'm not any more boned than I already am. Someone with more engineering/transmission experience can inject here and tell me why that wont work and save me some time.
All I can think is it moves the weak point in the transaxle from the hub to the axles or somewhere else. However my motor makes around 100hp in all likelihood, Subrew reckons these transaxles in stock form (neutered) can handle up to 120-130 and still be reliable, his race cars make more than that and they don't explode...
I have heard of people using zip tipes to keep the rollers in place when working with the freewheel hub.
I can't think it would be impossible to find a hub here in Sweden if need be. I might even have a contact that used to rally V4's, he may have some ideas. Let me know if I should check with him.
If you're reading this, you've probably seen these odd links with funny names somewhere on the site and want to know what they're all about. Well, prepare to feel a bit more Net savvy. Those links are what the geeks call "social networks."
Social networking sites allow you to store and share links and pages across the Internet. It's like taking your bookmarks list and being able to see it from any computer.
Even better, social networks allow you to steer friends, relatives, colleagues and pretty much anyone else to the cool stuff you've found, so they have something better to do online than watching the skateboarding squirrel video on YouTube for the thirtieth time. You're making the world a better place.
The only catch is that while all the social networks are free, you do have to register. Each site has a slightly different focus, so take a look through the links and see which service suits you best.
Your new year is off to a great start. You’ve reflected on what makes you happy and blissful and you’ve set your intention for what you want to make happen in 2018.
Your best friend just announces she got engaged, or is buying a new house, or having a baby, signing a super awesome book deal, planning an exotic vacation, or just got promoted, and you start to feel small.
Turns out it’s a real thing, and we now have social media to thank for Obsessive Comparison Disorder.
Whenever you feel yourself stuck in the comparison trap, shift your thoughts to something positive, something you’re grateful for, or something you’ve worked hard at achieving and are now enjoying.
Only by focusing on what you already have, and what already gives you joy, will you actually have real joy.
Hostel - Welcome to The Club at Caye Caulker, beach front resort and hostel that provide private and shared rooms to match all travelers needs
Guesthouse - Locally owned guesthouse offering dorms and private rooms with air condition or fans. All beds are provided with linens and daily house keeping. A kitchen is on site to cook you own meal. Bus tickets available onsite to your next destination.
Hostel - Caye Caulker's Only Beach Front Hostel with a pool and private beach. Offers both dorm beds and private en-suite rooms with A.C. or water front family suites.
Version 1.10, the first internationalized version of GNU DBM is finally available. It is shipped with the following localizations: Finnish, Japanese, German, Polish and Ukrainian.
Cfpeek is a tool for processing of structured configuration files. The first stable release is available for download.
"HTTP CONNECT" method is considerably faster than XEP-0025. It also imposes less strain on the TCP/IP connection. It is supported by several Jabber clients, among them Psi and Mcabber.
Both incoming connections and the addresses of the requested Jabber servers are protected by TCP wrappers. This allows system administrators to control the set of remote XMPP servers available for proxying.
A GET request usually means that someone has pointed his web browser to the URL served by johd or joh.cgi. Both programs can now be configured to either return a 404 response with a configurable HTML content, or to redirect the request to another web server. As an example, see ulysses.gnu.org.ua.
JOH provides a flexible HTTP Polling proxy which enables access to Jabber ports via HTTP requests. It is easily integrated to jabber2, which lacks built-in support for XEP-0025.
Guile's configure script relies on pkg-config to locate its prerequisites. A very unfortunate choice, in my opinion. On most boxes where I tried to configure it, a plain invocation of configure without additional options proved unable to locate prerequisite components. One may, of course, edit pc files to placate pkg-config, but it's rather counter-productive. So, I prefer to simply ignore pkg-config and get away without it.
That being said, and supposing you have Gcc version 4.2.4 and libgc installed in /usr/local/include, the following command should correctly configure the package:
Once done with the configure, launch make and switch to some other activity. It is no use sitting and staring at the monitor, because the build takes quite some time. On my box, for example, the compilation lasted 23 minutes.
New version of Gamma is finally available for download. It is a considerable leap forward, which caused a kind of chain reaction in another projects. See below.
Following the release of Gamma 2.0, the XMLTools dropped support for Mixp, and switched to Gamma to make use of the new possibilities. This includes, in particular, better error reporting, faster and more flexible parsing.
The most important change in this version is a check script feature, which allows to verify the uploaded tarballs before making them visible and even to decide whether or not to accept them.
If this model shows incredibly low runtime on a new, 100% loaded battery and the state persists even after calibration, try resetting the constant to this value. To do so, follow these instructions.
As part of the update compain following the release of GNU Mailutils 2.0, the version 2.0 of wyslij-po is released.
Puszcza now offers a one-way mirror of its SVN repositories to Git. This article explains the techniques used to implement it.
It is supposed that $PROJECT is the project name, and $AUTHORS contains full pathname of the authors file.
This mapping is OK for mirroring, but is a bit inconvenient, because tags and branches are not visible using the gitweb interface.
Note $HEADPFX in the last git-branch invocation. Theoretically, a local branch can have the same name as the remote one it tracks. However such setup makes git issue lots of spurious diagnostics in the form:
It is also possible that such duplicate names could cause other, more serious problems with Git. I have not checked this, so I am not sure. Nevertheless, I prefer to stay on the safe side and to prefix all local branches with some unique string, so they differ from the remote ones. In my config I set HEADPFX=git-.
To finish the initial set up, we also need to install a pre-receive hook, which will forbid pushing to this repository.
However, this will not update other branches, so the same operation needs be repeated for each branch:
The file $BRANCHLIST keeps a temporary list of branches. This list is used by the code below to determine whether any new branches were created in the SVN, and, if so, to mirror them:
These operations are performed by the script git-svn-mirror-synch, which takes the project name as its argument. This script should be executed as a cron job.
After running SVN and Git in parrallel for some time, the project maintainer will probably decide to drop SVN and to switch to Git entirely.
The sysadmin is then supposed to convert the repository to bare format and to remove checked out sources. E.g.:
The Sponsored Listings displayed above are served automatically by a third party. Neither Parkingcrew nor the domain owner maintain any relationship with the advertisers.
Released version 1.15.90 of GNU tar. Read announce, for the detailed description of bug fixes and new features.
Kervarker.org is a server dedicated to Breton language since 1995. It is run by Romuald Texier. Now we provide its mirror.
Would you or someone you know like to have a story featured on Insulin Factor? Please email articles and pictures to matt@insulinfactor.com.
The documentation for the GNU cflow project is finally available. I ask you to kindly take a look and report me your opinions, suggestions and the like.
Straight to the business: first, the very first batch of fotos from Lwow is available (it probably will take me at least a couple of weeks to publish them all, at the present rate ...) Anyway, enjoy! If the gallery is missing a translation to your native language, just let me know.
Secondly, thanks to Wojciech's kind assistance, we have managed to bring mailutils namespace to a unified form. It is a great step for our team. Just think that currently mailutils codebase counts 193759 lines of C text, this will show you what it feels like to ferret out all this code, changing global symbols, without breaking anything. Should you ever plan to go into such a risky adventure, consider using this script. The docs are also available. If these are not enough, write me, I'll be glad to answer your questions.
To tell the truth, I have never thought I would wish to make my scripts repository available, but now I think I should do it.
Returning to mailutils, now that it has taken its new form, I have finally undertaken final API cleanup. First goes mu_folder_list and friends. Untill now it has been (1) non-recursive, and (2) used a kludgy struct folder_list, which seems to have been a leftover from the dark times when mu_list_t has not yet been there... So, this has changed. Now, one can write:
and obtain a list of all folders under dir up to fifth nesting level! If one is careful enough (or, if one knows pretty well what he/she is doing, which is the same thing, anyway), one may write:
Oh, well, I mustn't forget to tell Jocke about it! It was him who made me think about this folder business.
All in all, given all the recent changes to mailutils, I am inclined to think that the next release version will not be 0.x, but 1.0:) I am pretty ready to delay the release for a pair of months and to release a couple of alpha versions more, to achieve the result.
Oh, by the way, now mailutils interfaces with GNU radius. Strange, I haven't thought about it earlier...
I have had neither time nor desire to write any articles within the recent three months. Sure enough, there were plenty of news during this time. I am still a bit short of time for a detailed description (maybe next time), but a can provide a very brief summary:
Puszcza.gnu.org.ua, a central point for development, distribution and maintainance of software projects in gnu.org.ua domain, is up and running.
Mailfromd, a mail filter, is reaching stable state. By this time it has been running long enough on my mail server without any problems. The latest addition to the filter is the ability to limit mail sending rate of a user.
My gallery can now speak several languages. Visit it soon to see new fotos (more on this subject later)
However, I had to write a special post-processing program to handle lex and yacc sources, created by ctangle. Here it is.
RMS has finally dubbed cflow a GNU package. I am now installing a repository on Savannah and working on other procedure issues (docs, web page, FSF directory entry etc.)
There are quite some news in this respect. Firstly, I have prepared a patch to GNU MDK that fixes several incompatibilities between the language described by Dr.Knuth and the language accepted by MDK itself. These are:
I have also returned to work on Douglas Laing MIX package. Douglas has kindly given me his permission to distribute the sources under GPL and has informed Dr.Knuth about the new package.
Why work on another MIX assembler/simulator when MDK is available? Well, there are quite a few reasons of doing so. While being a nice package, MDK does not quite satisfy my needs. What I want is a MIX assembler/simulator as closely conforming to TAOCP as is possible. Douglas's MIX meets this requirement, especially after I added back TTY device (by the way, I'm looking for a name for the new package, Conformant MIX seems to be quite a good choice).
Secondly, any MIX package is meant first of all for those who are studying TAOCP and are experimenting with the programs from its examples and excercises. This audience will certainly welcome a debugging feature. I have implemented MIX terminal mode, which, apart from remembering me IBM 360 console of the good ol' times, allows to debug MIX programs.
Another thing, given its special audience, a MIX package should be extremely educational itself. Again, MIX fits this description quite well. Its simulator is initially written closely following the guidelines set forth in TAOCP itself. Besides, it is written in WEB. And this brings me to the third objective of the package:
I want to rewrite the entire package in WEB. The primary motivation is explained above: it is to make sources well-documented and educational to the very extreme. There is a secondary motivation as well: I want to explore the limits of usability of CWEB tools, by pushing them to the very edge. At the risk of being accused of heresy, I must admit I doubt whether they could effectively be used for a real-world programming. Writing in literate programming style requires one to switch attention between TEX subtleties and writing good code, which is a difficult task (the new CWEB major mode for Emacs might help in this regard, though) and does not improve productivity. Besides I do not like much the way cweave formats large C data (e.g. arrays of structures). It is simply awful. So the purpose is to explore all pros et contras of CWEB tools.
The majority of MIX sources are rewritten in WEB. I have even managed to produce a valid YACC source file from a .w source (see mixal.w)!
The only two sources left are lex.l, which is downright impossible to write in WEB, and automatically-generated optab.c, which, being processed by cweave, looks like a pile of ..., well, garbage.
Oh, well, and last but not the least: the package will provide a MIX simulator written entirely in Elisp. There exists a preliminary implementation already.
I have published my modifications to Warren Toomey's apout package. The modifications permit to run all programs from the earliest UNIX binaries found so far: so called 1972_stuff, binaries dated 1973, discovered by Dennis Ritchie.
Here is my message to Warren describing the details. It is interesting to notice the date, by the way.
Have you ever tried to download, compile and install a dozen and a half aspell dictionaries on one machine? If you ever need it, use this script.
From here you can search these documents. Enter your search words into the box below and click "search". Note that the search function will automatically search for all of the words. Pages containing fewer words won't appear in the result list.
There is also another good news, apart from the equinox. I have resurrected cflow project. It was initially written in 1997-1999 and fell into oblivion shortly afterwards. Somehow, I got distracted by other things... Now, a recent thread in gnu-devel mailing list has shown that there is a demand for this kind of program and this made me remember my past attemtps. So I have (quite happily) resurrected the package. During this week I have managed to turn it into GNU-compatible project. I have also sent a registration request to RMS.
The question is: where was my brain during these seven years? Another question is: how many useful programs still lie buried in my archives?
The program is compatible with POSIX specs and offers quite a number of improvements (of course it will offer more still:). Here is a sample output tree describing the project itself. The tree was obtained using chart.cflow rule in src/Makefile.am.
How to handle a shrink [of a mailbox]? meaning, the &^$^@%#@^& user start two browsers and deleted emails in one session. My views is that we should scream bloody murder and hunt them with a machette. But for now just play dumb, but maybe the best approach is to pack our things and leave i.e exit()/abort().
Imagine the following synopsis: your imap4d daemon is working with a mailbox. Part of its data is cached into memory, any modifications to the mailbox are not flushed to disk until user explicitely requires it.
Now, the same user launches another mail client that opens the same mailbox, deletes some messages, and closes it.
The user makes some modifications to the mailbox in imap4d, requests EXPUNGE and closes the mailbox. Imap4d performs flush using the data cached in memory and, voilà - the mailbox is trashed.
You'd say the obvious solution is to lock the mailbox while it is being operating upon. But no, that won't work for imap4d, because appending to the mailbox is quite normal, and it should be allowed. Locking the mailbox will cause mail delivery to be blocked during the client's session (and as a sysadmin, I may say that the number of users that keep their imap session open for 24 hours a day is surprisingly big!)
Of course, the mailbox must be locked while it is being written to, and we do this, but that's another story.
In GNU mailutils we use a function called mailbox_is_updated to determine whether the mailbox was modified recently. The function returns 0 if it was modified and 1 otherwise. For plain UNIX mailboxes a simple approach is used: the function checks if the size of the mailbox file has changed.
It is assumed that if it the new size is greater than previously recorded one, than some new message were appended to the mailbox. If the size is less than the recorded one, then, well... see the quote at the start of this article :)
The mailbox can be modified without changing its size (well, yes, it's rather rare, but nevertheless possible);
And finally, the case of mailbox size shrinkage was still not handled in imap4d. Still, because the issue has quite long history: it dates back to April of 2001, when I first joined the Mailutils team.
I noticed that pop3d broke on simultaneous accesses to the mailbox. The story with pop3d is quite different, since it does use mailbox locking (well, that's to say now. Back then it still did not...), anyways:
Nice comment on a correctness of the name mailbox_is_updated. It raised a small discussion (see my next posting and Dawe's answer to it), but did not lead to renaming the function :)
As a side note, the story of linguistic inventions in bug-mailutils list is quite amusing... I certainly should catalogue them :^)
An unrelated issue, but still worth mentioning: on some machines disabling mmap speeds up pop3d. Rationale: mailbox_is_updated indirectly calls msync which makes the daemon spend quite some time in uninterruptible sleep.
The approach used by imap4d is a bit different from what we use in pop3d. Essentially, upon selecting a mailbox imap4d does the following:
Before processing the new command, call imap4d_sync. This function calls mailbox_is_updated and issues RFC2060 untagged responses if the mailbox was modified. Imap4d always did this. The essential change is the following.
If the mailbox was modified and mailbox_corrupt is set, close the mailbox and open in again. This discards all cached data and reads the new mailbox contents.
The drawback of this approach is that all modifications to the mailbox the user might have made during the imap4 session are discarded. In my opinion it is a reasonable price for preserving the mailbox contents. However, this issue can be addressed too. More on this later.
While solving mailbox shrink problem, the method does not solve the described above weaknesses of mailbox_is_updated.
To actually solve the issue mailbox_is_updated must be able to tell that the mailbox was modified, and how exactly it was modified, independently of its size. Unfortunately this is easier said than done. Currently mailutils is able to handle various mailbox formats and the way to do the proper diagnosis will vary with the format.
Let's first see what can be done for plain UNIX mailboxes. Obviously, mailbox_is_updated must first check mtime of the mailbox file. If it did not change, the function can return 1 immediately. Otherwise, it should assume some changes were done to the mailbox. Now, the question is whether these changes affect the cached data. The code in mailbox/mbox/mbox.c keeps offsets of UNIX 'From ' lines in the mailbox file. It will suffice to compare these with real offsets to decide whether the mailbox was modified (in the terms of libmailutils corrupted) or a new message was added to it. If any of the registered offsets differ, we scream bloody murder and raise MU_EVT_MAILBOX_CORRUPT event1) . In any case, we return 0 indicating that the mailbox has been changed.
As a side note, we could also prevent undesirable modifications of the plain UNIX mailbox if we apply kernel exclusive lock on the file from offset 0 up to its current size...
I have implemented new MDA mode for Anubis. In this mode, it acts as a mail delivery agent, receiving incoming mail from the standard input, processing it and piping modified message to the real local mailer.
This allows me to first process incoming mail through Anubis and then through Sieve (invoked by mail.local)!
First, I have finally joined Ukrainian translation team. Fortunately, it did not require any paperwork as our usual disclamer by default covers any other language teams one may want to join. Would it be so with our GNU disclamer as well! I hate waiting for a snail-mail to arrive from Boston to me and for my reply to reach Boston again only in order for my 25-line patch to Emacs being finally applied to CVS (by the way it is a real case, Ted have sent it almost a month ago and I'm still waiting for it to arrive, and the patch to rmail is still waiting in the queue, although everybody knows how many assignments I have already made to GNU project... I wonder why would not RMS create a new assignment form for this and any other project whatsoever I may wish to join or create within GNU or (whatever else) in the future).
Secondly, Mailutils finally has vacation extension action in Sieve. To be precise, we already had it as an extension to Scheme implementation of Sieve. I lacked time (or was too lazy?) to do the same for our Sieve library until Felix Egli sent us his version which didn't quite match our standards and was incompatible with the existed one, so I decided to finally write it:) Massive thanks, Felix!
Another news in Mailutils is ODBC SQL driver, which actually means that from now on Mailutils is able to interact with virtually any existing DBMS (since any serious DBMS has an ODBC interface).
As usual most of the time is taking tar. After 1.15.1 release I have started a major rewrite of buffer handling and incremental archive parts.
Several fixes were applied to Anubis as well. Recent letters from Paolo made me finally gather my wits and set forth a draft describing the proposed method of handling multi-part messages.
This, in its turn, forced me to finally attack and solve the problem of using gendocs.sh script to generate web documentation in our projects. The resulting Makefile.am is very elegant. However, this patch must be applied to the script in order to use it. I'll submit the patch upstream tomorrow.
The only thing left with this approach is the absence of per-chapter html output, which I am going to fix shortly (it will require sending a new assignment form to Boston. At the end, I think, I'd better send quite a bunch of them beforehand).
A courageous decision of the Polish Government prevented European Union from adopting a disastrous "Software Patent Directive"
I have been chasing for bugs in gsasl 0.2.2 for over four hours. Managed to find quite a few. Debugging is probably the most exhaustive kind of work I've ever tried...
Emacs folks have begun arguing about GFDL vs. GPL problem (though, frankly speaking I can't see any problem at all). Debian people evidently become tired of it and their discussion on this topic has faded away. Now it's emacs-devel turn, isn't it? Interestingly, how similar both threads are: the two sides go on spitting different reasons and no one seems to have heard the other, whereas RMS keeps olympic silence and only when really annoyed does he tell: "I believe GFDL does what it should". So spricht Zaratustra...
I baptized the machine pepelatz (a term from Georgi Daneliya's film Kin-Dza-Dza). Wander what's this? Here's the definition:
After a more-than-busy two-week pause I'm back again (I'd better tell some other time what I've been doing during these two weeks). Most important news during this time are: together with Max we have set up our server (Ulysses) and I've finally managed to mirror both ftp.gnu.org and www.gnu.org. Moreover, both mirrors are now accessible as ftp.gnu.org.ua and www.gnu.org.ua.
Another mirror I've been runnng, that of the Unix Heritage Society at tuhs.org.ua, is now hosted on this server too.
The question now is, how much will it cost to maintain all this, given its average daily traffic... We'll see...
Other FS news: a simple script to view po files. Why? I don't know. May prove useful some day... Click here to see it work.
Hacked on GNU mailutils and introduced a universal sql-access layer. The auth library has been rewritten accordingly and mail.local is finally able to retrieve mailbox quotas from SQL database, a feature many of the mailutils users have constantly pinged me about.
While feedling with mailutils I've noticed something that makes me feel a bit uncomfortable: we have no convention on how to write diagnostic messages. Some of them begin with a capital letter, some don't. Some end with a period, some don't. A chaos. We should certainly change it, but I'd better do it after releasing 0.5.1 maintenance release (this change will affect po files, and hence will require waiting for the translators to finish their jobs).
Anubis: a couple of security-related changes proposed by Ulf Härnhammar. Socks.c still waiting to be rewised by Wojtek.
Oh, yes, forgotten to say: among various junk on my machine I've excavated my geek code. Its surprising how little has changed since I wrote it...
Yesterday I released version 1.3 of GNU Radius. I wish Jordi updated Catalan localization. It was very important to me. Pity...
More work on rmail.el. People from emacs-devel have supplied some fresh ideas and RMS have asked me to update documentation as well:
Documentation is the castor oil of programming. Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
Well, my log got interrupted for more than two weeks... I have started to learn Arabic, and it is taking now the rest of my time, which was in short supply already. I am growing more and more fascinated by both Arabic script and its grammar...
GNU Radius 1.3 is ready for the release. The current snapshot is marked 1.2.96 and is as usual available from mirddin.farlep.net. I am waiting for Jordi to finish Catalan translation, that's the only thing missing.
Several bugfixes and improvements have accumulated in GNU mailutils which makes me plan to release a maintenance version next week. See NEWS file for a short description of these.
I have submitted a hacked version of rmail.el to emacs-devel. This version makes extensive use of the new features provided by GNU mailutils movemail program. Both modified source and diff file against the latest CVS version 1.393 is available.
The new radius documentation is available. The main page is now xhtml 1.0 (as well as radius homepage)1) . I wish I would be able to convert documentation files to xhtml as well, but that would require either updating texi2html (I wouldn't like to do this) or texinfo (I'd love to, should the time permit)...
Anyway, the package itself is ready for the release. Today I have fixed a small bug that manifested itself on BSD systems, and have given a final polish to the docs. I'm going to release the stuff before Nov 06.
At the finale, they have to pick 3 correct answers from 8 live choices. For each correct answer, a prize will be won.
To win the biggest prize, all 3 answers must be found. But don’t be too greedy! If you win the biggest prize, the previous two are taken away.
I have started to rewrite dictionaries in Ellinika project. The idea is to use XML instead of the definition language I have been using so far. The latter was designed to be simple, short (I hate to type) and suitable for describing dictionary entries. Its parser is written in C and is therefore fairly fast. Presently, the dictionary created with it contains 1150 entries, and the process of its creation has confirmed that the dictionary structure is right and input language generally suitable for the purpose. However, it has also exposed some drawbacks of the language.
The principal drawback is that currently a dictionary entry is supposed to contain only one part of speech 1) , i.e. currently assumed entry structure is:
However, there exist words that pertain to several parts of speech simultaneously, and that change their meaning according to the part of speech. For example, κρυώνω, when used as a transitive verb, means to refrigerate, whereas being used as an intransitive verb it means to feel cold, to freeze. The number of such words (verbs in particular) in Greek is fairly large.
So, I have decided to redesign the input language, but instead of simply fixing the already existing language, I've chosen to fully write the dictionary sources in XML.
(as usual, optional elements are inclosed in brackets, * means zero or more occurrences of the element, and + means one or more occurrences of the element).
Introduces the dictionary key, i.e. the word of the source language that is explained by this entry. There may be several keys if the notion in question has several sinonyms.
Introduces grammatic forms of the key, whenever these are not formed by standard rules. In future I expect to write proper verb conjugator, then this field will probably mark a reference to or invocation of it.
Part of speech and meanings associated with it (see below). Attribute ID introduces the name (usually abbreviated) of the part of speech.
Cross-reference for this entry. Usually this is a reference to sinonym or some semantically related key.
Topic or group this entry pertains to. ID identifies the topic. When many entries pertain to the same topic, their definitions can be enclosed in
There are two special forms of this notation. One is useful as a shortcut for those words that have only one part of speech (as I said I hate to type, so I'm trying to spare as much typing as possible):
This is useful for such pairs as "ο ποταμός" and "το ποτάμι", both meaning "river" but having different genders. The special form <X /> means reference to the immediately preceeding node definition wich has at least one translation (M element).
The initial version of the dictionary translator is already available. See its heading comment for the short description of the internal representation (Scheme of course).
1) The term part of speech is used here in broader meaning: e.g. for the dictionary purposes transitive verbs and intransitive verbs are regarded as different parts of speech. I'll possibly have to introduce finer granularity here (e.g. part-of-speech/subpart or something similar), but currently I am not sure it will be worth the effort.
I've fixed a nasty coredump that occurred if the option name of an OPTION_DOC was set to NULL. Besides, updated argp will never attempt to translate an empty help string. And finally, new option OPTION_NO_TRANS prohibits translating name field of an OPTION_DOC option. The latter is already used by tar.
Well, it took four days to entirely rewrite lingua in Scheme using xmltools. Now it allows much greater flexibility than eXtrans version did. Moreover, it is easily extensible. There are still some minor points to work out, but as a whole xmltools+lingua is quite mature now, uhmm..., except for the docs... I'll need some time to write them. Then I'll probably host the project on Gna!.
In the meanwhile I have already rewritten ellinika using the new stuff. It allowed me to use normal Makefiles, split the single source file into several smaller ones and do a lot of cool things I couldn't have dreamed of using eXtrans version.
I had a bit of free time, so I've used it to polish LINGUA engine. Currently it is written using eXtrans , which, albeit a great program, is not flexible enough for my needs. In addition to already described problems, its handling of nested tags is not consistent.
Surely I could have modified it further, but it appeared to me that I'd be better off writing a replacement for it from the scratch. And of course I was going to write it in Scheme :)
So, I've started a new project under a working name xmltools. It is a collection of Guile modules that should provide the functionality similar to that of eXtrans yet largely extended and improved. The project uses expat library and Mixp - a Guile interface module to expat.
In its current state, xmltools already supply all of eXtrans functionality, including postprocessor support.
Today I have written basic part of lingua.scm. The good thing is, it is already able to process xml and produce valid html output!
First is in Anubis. When running Anubis test suite in authmode, Wojciech noticed that some daemon instances enter endless loop attempting to free a chunk of memory.
My further investigation has shown that it always occurred when trying to free an ASN1 node belonging to _gnutls_pkix1_asn tree. The bug manifests the following regularities:
With MALLOC_CHECK_=2 the bug never appears. I find it extremely uncommon, even taking into account Murphy's law. I suspect it to be a very important issue, although at the moment I cannot say why.
It seems like a heap corruption, the two basic questions are: why it is not revealed at an earlier stage by malloc debugging code, and why enabling this same debugging code makes the bug disappear? It will take a while to answer these questions...
Yep, the second one is there. It manifests itself as an incorrect comparison of two struct timeval. More precisely, in the following snippet:
timercmp incorrectly returns false when now differs from start by several milliseconds (the actual order of magnitude of tval is several seconds).
Paxutils' official page at http://www.gnu.org/software/paxutils is still unavailable, despite the fact that I have uploaded an updated version two days ago. E-mails to Savannah hackers and GNU webmasters have so far given null effect. In fact, they remained unanswered.
Version 2.5.90 of cpio is available for download from alpha.gnu.org. This is the first version of GNU cpio with official NLS support.
The festivities are over, and I'm back to work on free software. After more than half a year delay (!!!), Savannah people have approved paxutils. The project seems to have bad karma... Anyway, since I've just released tar 1.14.90 and the version 2.5.90 of cpio is ready and working, I've started merging the two projects into paxutils. The road will be long. I am going to export as much of the good ideas and as little of the codebase from each package as possible.
If everything goes as expected, the first version of paxutils should be ready by the January. If, on the contrary, the things continue going from bad to worst as they have been during all this year... well, then I'll make it by the beginning of March.
Today I attended the opening of the monument to the founders of Φιλική Εταιρείας near the Foundation for the Greek Culture in Odessa. Nice monument! The opening was dedicated to the 210th anniversary of the city and 10th anniversary of the Foundation. The programme of the celebrations is quite long and interesting. More info and photos in the future logs!
Today I was heavily hacking on tar. Lots of bugfixes and improvements. See ChangeLog entry for more info.
Play online without registration Matt Salazar all albums in mp3 download a single file or separately.
Caution! All audio materials of Matt Salazar are presented solely for information. After listening to the trial version, you must remove the file mp3 or buy the product from an authorized supplier.
This project was created to store information about all the music artists and bands around the world. There is no music for download in mp3 or zip, and listening to music online without registration.
where target.rc is the full filename to the configuration file for this instance of the program. It contents is described in detail in the next section.
Now, anubis switches to the daemon mode. Theoretically, we could have used DejaGNU's remote.exp to talk to the daemon. However, DejaGNU is not able to handle TLS encryption, so this method does not suite our needs.
As usual, both target and interface configuration files are created from their corresponding *.in source files. The purpose of this step is to expand variables TESTDIR and TOP_SRCDIR, thereby providing correct paths to data and binary files. Usually this is done on compilation time by testsuite/etc/Makefile.am. However, to launch the first (authmode) instance of anubis we need to know the port number to bind to. Using any predefined port number is not a good idea, as it may be in use at the time the testsuite is run. Prompting the user to supply the port number is even worst.
It is supposed that save_to_file writes to the file whose name is given in its first argument the lines from the list given as its second argument.
The amount of time elapsed between creation of the target configuration file and launching first anubis instance should be as small as possible, in order to diminish the probability of some other process occupying the port number retuned by findport. So, it is preferable to start first anubis instance right after creating configuration file for it.
Theoretically, it is still possible that by the time first anubis starts up the port number will become occupied. This will cause the testsuite to fail, so we should make sure an appropriate diagnostic message will be issued.
However, the probability of such failure is quite small. I have been using this approach in GNU Radius testsuite for more than four years and I cannot remember ever having encountered such a situation.
Writing LINGUA engine was a great experience and it has shown that eXtrans is a nice idea. It has, however, some deficiences. Some of them were already fixed (I hope to make CVS repository available soon). The two most important ones remain:
The diagnostics does not help to find out the exact place in the XML file where the error occurred. Its an awful work to scan the entire source to find out a misplaced or mistyped tag. I have made some improvements which do help in certain cases, but the main part of work is still ahead.
Keeping a separate database of target-source file dependencies makes it difficult to use eXtrans in makefiles. Both Ellinika and Runasimi use all-local rule to override the difficulty, but the solution is far from being optimal.
I'd like to rewrite eXtrans so that it produces usual makefiles instead of keeping its own database of files to be modified.
An interesting approach would be to create a derivative class from XTransBase which would override set_output so that it would add appropriate output file name to the makefile rule being generated. The rest of methods should probably simply call pass and do nothing. At the end of processing this auxiliary class would output the rules it has generated (and, possibly, purge orphan html files).
mailutils Coredumped on reading a single escape character. Wonder why no one has noticed this before!
tar GNU multivolume cannot accept members with filenames longer than 100 characters to straddle the volume boundary. It did not check filename length, however.
Committed a fix to the problem recently spotted by Wojtek: when switching to the user's privileges anubis did not clear the list of complementary groups.
Luca Fibbi reported that version 1.14 incorrectly skipped members in a PAX archive. It turned out that it was incorrectly deeming the members to be sparse, and that, in turn, due to the fact that the member header was not decoded prior to calling skip_member(). Lots of interdependencies...
The "error_t on Sparc" problem has been solved! It turned out that one of Guile includes defined error_t without defining symbol __error_t_defined. It's easy to fix, but Guile people should have known better than doing such things.
I have a strong feeling that back in the days when we were editing our code with ed (I still use it quite often, I must admit) our code contained less errors and was far more readable than today.
I have just finished cleaning up my buddy's code that was written on a 120-columns-per-line screen and contained quite a few copy-n-paste bugs. Sure, one can read a 120-chars single-line declaration. One can even read a whole 80-line screen of such declarations, but I strongly doubt whether one will really understand what he has read and be able to spot out the error. Especially when one has been looking at his screen for 20 straight hours, you know.
My todo list is quite long (as usual), but I have a strong urge to play charango... Its strings will surely keep me away from the console today. Chores will wait. Vielleicht das nächste Mal:))
Implemented XELO extension. XDATABASE EXAMINE now works using MD5 hashes, just as was proposed in the initial 'pixie-dixie' draft.
Lots of changes. Still cannot understand why compiling guimb/main.c fails at argp.h on Sparc. Hopefully Alex will be able to provide a preprocessor output file, this should solve the puzzle...
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
The Grange School, Runcorn is a new generation “all through” school constructed between 2012-2013 as part of the governments Building Schools for the Future (BSF) programme.
The architectural concept for the school was to create a central entrance area or hub with four spokes radiating outward. The four spokes would house secondary, junior, infant and nursery pupils aged 3-16 years. Clearly the hub would form the visual focal point of the building and was designed to reflect it’s importance as the centre of school activity.
This involved the use of glass reinforced concrete cladding in 600mm wide modules each with a concaved faced and tapered flange return allowing the panels to curve around the hub’s radius. The selection of GRC allowed the architects to benefit from the solidity of architectural precast concrete whilst eliminating the consequential weight of deep solid concrete cladding.
Soon after appointment the main contractor involved GRCUK and joint venture partners Irvine Whitlock to develop the GRC concept. In order to reduce installation costs panels were rationalised into 600, 1200 and 1800mm widths, the larger panels being curved on plan, effectively creating a double curvature within the element. These were manufactured in resin moulds fabricated in GRCUK’s main pattern and mould shop.
The building was completed on schedule in Spring 2013 with all concerned delighted with the finished appearance.
Highbury Park, London - Highbury Park is a flagship development for leading London property developers Mount Anvil. The sche...
As a result of our very successful you tube channel: Great-Escape we are constantly contacted by people both in the US and other countries such as Australia, New Zealand and the rest of Europe about advice on how to purchase an RV similar to the one that we purchased a couple of years ago.
So the purpose of this guide is to help those people who are considering purchasing an American RV, which let’s face it is a major high-value purchase. After extensive research there seems to be a real lack of solid advice, especially if you are considering this purchases as a non US citizen.
In this guide we explain what is involved in “matter of fact” language, and armed with this advice you stand a fighting chance of not being ripped off by the ever hungry sales people who are praying on the uninformed.
I was going to start by saying “I wouldn’t say I was an expert” but after RVing for 12 years across most of Europe and more recently the USA, it is clearly obvious that there are an awful lot of people out there who need to know how to go about buying, registering, insuring, driving, maintaining and storing their RV, and I think passing on our experiences over those years could be of invaluable help.
So the purpose of this guide is to shed some light on these subjects and hopefully make the path to doing all of the above a lot easier.
This guide does not cover every aspect of RVing as this is a very large subject and there are too many variables.
There is absolutely no doubt in the fact that there are few important things in a business but each and every person must have. Technology has taken over the world and the businesses definitely cannot do without it. This is one reason why there are various technical devices used at http://ohselina20.blogspot.rs/2018/05/usb-in-unique-design-choose-wisely.html
OnlineFilme does not host or upload any video, films, media files. OnlineFilme is absolutlylegal and contain only links to other sites on the Internet. OnlineFilme is not responsible for what other people upload to 3rd party sites.
Melissa & Doug Band in a Box $ (as of November 10, 2018, 11:00 pm)24.99 (as of November 10, 2018, 11:00 pm)
Melissa & Doug Deluxe Wooden Kitchen Accessory Set $ (as of November 10, 2018, 11:00 pm)29.99 (as of November 10, 2018, 11:00 pm) $ (as of November 10, 2018, 11:00 pm)24.40 (as of November 10, 2018, 11:00 pm)
Find the Perfect Gift for any Ocassion or maybe for yourself, we will Make Sure you Find it. We will search the best gifts ideas so you can find them in a easy way.
$ (as of November 5, 2018, 10:00 pm)	& FREE Shipping. Details 99.90 (as of November 5, 2018, 10:00 pm)	& FREE Shipping. Details
$ (as of November 5, 2018, 10:00 pm)	& FREE Shipping. Details 31.99 (as of November 5, 2018, 10:00 pm)	& FREE Shipping. Details
Blessed Mabon everybody. Today I have been really busy so I didn't have a chance to celebrate like usual, but I did do something major! Look! I am so happy!
The previous post was an experiment of sorts. You know I have been having some browser issues. It turns out I can read your posts with dolphin, but I can only upload pictures with chrome. But, hey now I can do both and show you the wonderful surprise I received recently.
A couple of weeks ago I received a notification for a package waiting for me at the postal office. But, I was not expecting anything and I have been really busy, so it took me a while to get to it. It turns out it was from Stacy!
The moment I went into the car I tore the package in pieces. First thing I saw was this little envelope with a pretty card that she had put for me little heart stickers on it. The letter brought tears in my eyes and the widest of smiles. Inside the package I also found those beautiful creations of hers.
This is the baby crow now sitting on the windowsill of my daughter's room. Isn't it the cutest? And underneath it right next to my grandmother and Magaly's black out poems is the "nature speaks, listen little painting. Those are with me every day in my office while I work reminding me of the powerful connections that bind us and acts of pure and unconditional kindness. And last but not least on top of Melina Nefeli's library right next to her very first drawing is the" relax" another one of Stacy's baby crows. The black out poems, the "relax" baby crow, and the "live" crow that sits on top of my fireplace were sent to me this Winter during a very difficult time for me, in a very similar way by sweet Magaly. Her package also brought tears in my eyes. The care she has put in it. Everything was wrapped with paper and bound with a beautiful purple cord. Her words spoke right into my heart. And of course I also opened the package as soon as I was in the car. I never said I was a patient woman people, come on! It took me a while to make this post because of technical issues and chronic procrastination , but I have such great gratitude towards these very special women, bloggers, friends. You gave me strength, love and great joy. Thank you!
So, my mom came by the other day with a bunch of plastic flowers and it felt like fate. I usually do not decorate for Fall until the Equinox trying to hold on to as much Summer as I possibly can. But this year the Sun went to hiding the moment September came. The air is crispier, the leaves are turning and no amount of denial from my part could bring Summer back. Of course there is so much beauty all around. The glow of the Sun paints the whole world in a golden color. The weather is lovely for leisure walks in the park, although I haven't had the chance yet. The Wheel is turning and I shall welcome the change. So, my front door may be a bit extreme, but the princess witch loved it! Are you excited about Autumn?
Greetings blogfriends!! I have been gone for quite some time. It's mainly because I had some browser problems. It has been hard to find a browser that allowed me to blog. Now I am using dolphin and I hope this never becomes an issue again because I am used to using my phone to read your blogs since at home we only have a large monitor that works as a TV and it is not convenient for blogging.
So, to sum the whole summer up it was quite productive. We went on a rather short vacation in Monemvasia where we spent four days living in an actual castle. Me and Nefeli called each other princess and Petros our knight.
I took up running and I can officially call myself a decent runner since I worked my way up to 40-50 kilometers per week and I also got a lot stronger. My back acts up from time to time but nothing major anymore. And my hormones are somewhat balanced. I have not mastered the art of sleeping yet but I have improved a lot. I also started writing a book more on that on a following post. I read a lot, listened to a lot of music and worked long hours. I also spent a lot of time with my family. At the Summer Solstice we celebrated Melina Nefeli's third birthday. She is a magic cusp baby.
As for my spiritual practice I had a lot of fun sharing my magical work with my little girl. She is unbelievable gifted with great instincts. She is starting to understand the concept of card readings.. We made wreaths, planted herbs, gathered them, burned them, cooked breads, gave them as offerings. Recently I started to talk to her about the different religious practices around the world.