As a trainer or facilitator, one of your greatest challenges often can be measuring just how much participants have actually taken away from a session, and whether, through your learners, your work will take root and make a real difference out in the world.
While the learning evaluation may come last in a session, it’s as important to the long-term success of your efforts as the course material itself. In the learner-centered environment of Dialogue Education, a well-designed evaluation and participant self-assessment can effectively “seal” the learning experience, so that your learners internalize the material and effectively carry it into their organizations and communities, and so that your work as a trainer extends out into the world in profound and transformative ways.
This Learning Evaluation by Design course is especially practical because you’ll bring with you an actual learning plan you’ve designed. Over two days, your facilitator will skillfully guide you in designing effective evaluation tools for your learning plan, which you can then immediately integrate as part of your real-world training. Through engaging theory and praxis, you will learn how to strengthen your training program and:
discover how your learners’ life and work contexts can influence their feedback and assimilation of material
You also will benefit from working with and learning from a facilitator who models the principles and practices of Dialogue Education in a lively and results-oriented series of learning tasks – using both group and individual exercises – with an emphasis on accountability and relevance to your situation.
As an added bonus, following the two-day course, you also will receive a one-hour, one-on-one session with your workshop facilitator (via email, phone and/or face-to-face meeting, as appropriate). During this follow-up session, you’ll receive additional feedback and guidance to help you further develop and successfully complete your evaluation design. In addition, you’ll also receive valuable resources to use on your current plan and in future evaluation design and implementation, such as a Dialogue Education™ Evaluation Framework and Accountability Planner.
Used the principles and practices of Dialogue Education to honestly assess the potential effectiveness of your training program
Drafted/edited feedback forms, transforming them into effective tools by which participants will synthesize what they’ve learned and concretely recognize how they might use it
Outlined how participants might practically use their learning in the real world, and designed methods to document that transfer
Predicted the deep and sustained impact your training program might have on your participants’ organizations or communities
Noted specific changes you might need to make in your training program design to evaluate it more effectively
Considered your participants’ life or work contexts in evaluation design, and documented how this might influence their responses and the outcome of your training evaluation
Learning Evaluation by Design© takes place over the course of two days, followed by a one-hour private consultation with your facilitator. The content is based on the work of Dr. Jane Vella, in particular her book with Paula Beradinelli and James Burrows, How Do They Know They Know? as well as insights from the fields of learning and program evaluation. The book is included as a gift for each participant.
Learning Evaluation by Design is also offered as a customizable, in-house course for your business, institution, or organization. We’ve taught in many languages and are happy to try to accommodate your language preference. Please contact us to explore the possibilities for working together.
A rookie cop is obsessed with tracking down the killer of a 15-year-old girl, who she hunts over the course of 28 years.
Set against the backdrop of the greatest clandestine race against time in the history of science with the mission to build the world's first atomic bomb in Los Alamos, New Mexico. Flawed scientists and their families attempt to co-exist in a world where secrets and lies infiltrate every aspect of their lives.
Keep in touch — A monthly picture in your mailbox and important news only. No spam. Subscribe to our newsletter
Well, it looks like pressure from Trump's daughter and nemesis paid off. Accompanied by Ben Carson, the African American retired neurosurgeon he tapped to head the department of Housing and Urban Development, Trump praised the museum's work honoring "African American men and women who built our national heritage".
Just hours later, state police said that preliminary evidence led authorities to the conclusion that he's a suspect. The bodies of 14-year-old Liberty German and 13-year-old Abigail Williams were discovered on 14 February close to an abandoned railroad bridge near Delphi, around 60 miles from Indianapolis.
Investigators in Jefferson County are searching for a possible arsonist who might have set two fires early Monday morning on Green Mountain. A fast-moving grass fire in Boulder County destroyed four structures and prompted evacuations of 75 homes on Monday.
Author: - Febbraio 21, 2017 0	#BMCElections: BJP leader Shaina NC rides bicycle to polling both; casts vote
Holding the status of the biggest municipal corporation in the country, BMC will witness competitive elections with 2,275 candidates in the fray for 227 seats. The Sena-BJP coalition had been ruling the BMC for a long time but the two parties are falling out with each other for quite some time now with the Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray openly criticising Narendra Modi and even siding with his arch rivals over the demonetisation issue.
The merchants will be identified by one QR code, whether the payment is through MasterCard, Visa or RuPay. It is the latest government-led offering which is aimed at enabling digital payments at the merchant shops without the requirement of PoS (point-of-sale) or card-swiping machines.
Initial reports from the Tanay Municipal Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Office (MDRRMO) said the driver fled following the crash, but Gapido said they are verifying if he is among those injured. Bati said all the fatalities were taken to the San Isidro Funeral Homes in Tanay. Flores said authorities are now monitoring the status of the injured passengers, who were brought to the 2nd Infantry Division Army Station Hospital, Tanay General Hospital, and Rizal Provincial Hospital.
Shortly after that report , Trump tweeted his disgust with the media. Trump tweeted a similar message at 4:32 p.m., then deleted it. Fake media not happy!' Trump wrote on Twitter. Many observers were more critical after Trump praised ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn , trashed journalists and made many other eye-popping statements.
Passengers watched as Tara stepped off the plane and walked up to her husband's coffin on the tarmac. Crying could be heard on the video, and Williams said other passengers were emotional. He had deployed seven times to Iraq & Afghanistan and this was his 8th deployment. He was posthumously awarded a Meritorious Service Medal and Army Commendation Medal for his work.
Still, once they approach the city the battle is expected to be bloody and long since the extremists have set up fortifications and have thousands of battle-hardened fighters. Even though after Trump spoke with Erdogan by phone last week, the White House did not disclose of the two mentioned Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen now based in the U.S., but he appears to have been indirectly mentioned when the two presidents discussed fighting "terrorism".
Towards the end of his press conference today, Donald Trump took a question from Jake Turx , a Hasidic Jewish reporter for a small US-based weekly magazine that caters to the global Orthodox Jewish community. Trump interrupted Turx, called him a liar and treated the question as if Turx had asked Trump if he was an anti-Semite, although Turx had prefaced his question by emphatically saying he did not believe Trump was an anti-Semite.
BSPlayer is the best media player for Android smartphones and tablet PCs (average user rating 4.6/5), supporting hardware accelerated video decoding.
Hardware accelerated video playback - significantly increases playback speed and reduces battery consumption*
Support for almost all media files (video and audio player), such as: avi, divx, flv, mkv, mov, mpg, mts, mp4, m4v, rmvb, wmv, 3gp, mp3... and streaming content such as RTMP, RTSP, MMS (tcp, http), HTTP Live stream, HTTP.
Playback media files such as videos and mp3's directly via Wi-Fi from your LAN shared drives/folders (such as external USB drives, SMB shares, PC shared folders, NAS servers (Synology and others)) - no need to convert video files and copy media files to SD card anymore!
This package includes support for ARMv7 with VFP and NEON. For other CPU types please download appropriate package. Application will notify you which package you need.
NOTE: When reporting error please add info about your smartphone brand and model. Also you can send us more detailed bug report on e-mail android@bsplayer.com. We are trying to improve the player for the users and your feedback is appreciated.
This software uses code of FFmpeg licensed under the LGPLv2.1 and its source can be downloaded from BSPlayer website.
Entravision Communications Corporation is a leading media company that reaches and engages U.S. Latinos across acculturation levels and media channels, as well as consumers in Mexico.
(2017) Burden of skin and subcutaneous diseases in Iran and neighboring countries: Results from the global burden of disease study 2015. Archives of Iranian Medicine.
Excite gadet INC.® we are one of the leading office supplies distributors.We are Legitimate registered company under government registration and licensed,
Registered No 04858920, Incorporation Date 29-07-2003, We're Registered in United Kingdom and Currently Malaysian based distribution firm focused in the distribution of mobile phones Laptops digitalcameras, Digital SLR cameras, video cameras,and related accessories.
We are Approved dealers, specialized in the distributors of Electronic gadget Our objective is to develop long-term relationships with our customers.To do so
we continuously provide our existing customers new products, advanced designs, and patented innovations so that they can stay on the top of their
We supply superior quality products all products strictly follow the standards of CE, FCC and RoHS, and are carefully inspected by a responsible QA team before packaging.
We shipout worldwide through Professional and reliable courier company e.g FEDEX EXPRESS ,DHL and UPS within 24hrs of contract sealed, Customers never experience what is called Breach of contract since our operation, Fidelity guarantee our service,our product are 100% international warranty and guarantee.
Before you return your items, you must contact us and receive a Return Merchandise Authorization Number (RMA). Any returns sent without an RMA number will not be accepted by Electronics Link Asia Ltd We assume all responsibility for the package until it arrives at our office.
We ship 100% of our orders the same business day from our warehouse, typically the product will arrive within 3days via either Fedex/Ups and TNT Courier Sevices.
The basic CRUD Procedure we will consider this chapter would be the reading of information from a World-wide-web company utilizing Angular two.
It is a superset to JavaScript and tends to make crafting Angular apps very easy. Applying it makes sure, that you'll have the very best planning for creating Angular applications. Look into the no cost videos for more information.
Whenever we have the character back again, we then ought to fetch that character’s homeworld within the exact same API but a special REST endpoint. This example is sequential. Make one ask for then the next.
So although there are several wonderful Added benefits like simple to operate and code but usually there are some disadvantages like putting matters while in the parent scope which aren't essential there.
This part will Check out Angular two's new template syntax and present the basics of Dependency Injection and working with services.
And thus concludes our to start with look at a element in Angular 2. After our application is bootstrapped, we will then insert the right HTML tags to our index.html file:
Directives are another significant constructing block in Angular applications. Find out more about this On this lecture.
Find out how to operate with Angular 5's strong animation method During this lesson, in which We're going to animate the individual products in our intention record.
The $http support is The most prevalent made use of services in AngularJS purposes. The company makes a request on the server, and allows your software tackle the reaction.
Ahead of we move ahead, we need to choose a quick detour and update our FriendComponent in order that we are able to access this knowledge.
Fetching several asynchronous requests and taking care of them is often challenging but with the Angular’s Http service and a bit aid through the provided RxJS library, it might be completed in just a couple of strains of code. There are actually various ways to handle numerous requests; they can be sequential or in parallel. In this publish, We'll include both equally.
any improvements in click here this array so our DOM can adjust appropriately. We’re also including a get purpose for this observable, in addition to an addCard purpose.
Now that We've got established a major-level component, let us take this 1 phase more by developing a boy or girl element. Let's look at doing the subsequent with our youngster part:
You will find four phases to the Atkins diet. Although the names from the phases have transformed over the years, the main details are generally precisely the same.
Go on to watch your carb intake. The online carbs you consume should really even now not exceed The brand new CCLL you established throughout the pre-upkeep section.[27] As being a rule of thumb, you may eat not more than 90-a hundred and twenty grams of Internet carbs per day when you workout.
Most of the foods which were talked about thus far are up for grabs, and everything is needed from listed here on out will be the perseverance to the nutritious existence that received you started on Atkins to start with.
The center Basis uncovered that subjects in research scientific studies realized extra excess weight and Body fat reduction about the VLCARB diets than on the standard small fat diets, but this was only during the short-term.
In 2004, the Canadian governing administration dominated that foods marketed in Canada could not be marketed with decreased or eradicated carbohydrate information as a offering place, simply because diminished carbohydrate information wasn't established to get a health and fitness benefit.
Check out Ways to Depend Carbs, which incorporates links to the level of carb in several widespread foods. There are various intelligent telephone applications, guides, and Exercise trackers which will help you to track the carbohydrate you're eating.
· People who have adequate enthusiasm to exude numerous willpower—but just for 3 times. It’s small in energy which implies that you will probably come to feel hungry, but, yet again, the diet only lasts for 3 times.
Sorry, we just must be sure to're not a robotic. For very best results, be sure to ensure that your browser is accepting cookies.
In fact these years, the Atkins diet is still going powerful, with adherents professing very astounding results. The diet moves along in Phases, starting out very difficult, then easing up since it goes together. Now we will go over these Phases in larger element, together with the forms of foods that happen to be permitted (rather than authorized) at Each individual.
Although this small-carb, high-Body fat diet has had occasional resurgences in reputation about that interval, new study is creating former naysayers to now give Atkins Diet it a re-assessment.
However, other scientific assessments point out that clients on very low-carbohydrate diets regain some of their lost body weight in just a year.
Usually do not be fooled because of the carbohydrate depend you read on yogurt’s label. The actual amount of carbs has long been confirmed to get mere fractions of what individuals set on their labels. So go forward an get pleasure from eating yogurt on a minimal carb diet!
The ketogenic diet Keto Diet was made in the 1920’s as being a treatment method for epilepsy, and it might be everyday living-altering for anyone clients. Triggering Keto Diet the human body to employ ketone bodies for fuel appears to affect neurotransmitter action and neuron performing, which can considerably lessen seizure episodes For numerous those with epilepsy. In fact, the ketogenic diet continues to be routinely prescribed being a treatment method.
For those who find yourself wanting to know how higher Extra fat intakes, even if predominantly from healthful resources, may be very good, you’re not alone. This might be the most significant debate amid health and fitness practitioners partly because the benefits to this point are mixed and partly due to the fact we don’t have much prolonged-time period information.
Nairobi sheep disease (NSD) was first identified at the beginning of the 20th century by Montgomery as a disease affecting sheep and goats in parts of Kenya [1]. It has since been identified in several places in East Africa. A similar disease has also been reported in north east India, where it was called Ganjam [2]. The recent application of molecular sequencing techniques to the viruses that cause these diseases (NSDV and GV, respectively) revealed that they are the same virus [3, 4], with different strains existing on the two continents. Whether the virus has existed for an historically long time in both places, or is a relatively recent import from one part of the world to another has yet to be determined. It is possible that the virus was imported to Africa from India as a consequence of the same kind of livestock movement that introduced rinderpest virus to Africa in the 1880 s [5].
The virus is spread by hard (Ixodid) ticks, and appears to be dependent on the tick vector for dissemination, with no direct transmission between animals. This obligate vector step may explain why the virus is not seen as a major economic threat, since young animals in endemic areas tend to be protected by maternal antibodies through the period where they are first exposed to the virus via a bite from an infected tick, after which they have their own immune protection. The disease tends to be only noticed on introduction of naive livestock into an endemic area, e.g. for the purposes of improving local breeds by crossing. The disease that ensues is regarded as one of the most pathogenic in small ruminants, with mortality rates as high as 90%; animals die from acute haemorrhagic fever [1, 6]. Disease is only seen in sheep and goats, with no disease seen or viraemia detected when cattle, buffalo, equids or other mammals are infected [1, 7], although the limitations of early virus detection methods (pathogenesis in neonatal mouse brains) have to be borne in mind. NSDV was originally seen as a disease with a relatively restricted distribution, a distribution largely dependent on that of the Rhipicephalus appendiculatus tick [1, 8]; in contrast, GV has been reported predominantly in Haemaphysalis species in India [7, 9]. Recent studies, especially using molecular detection techniques, have found the virus in tick samples from a much wider geographical area, and it now appears that it is distributed over most of the Indian sub-continent as well as much wider in East Africa than the restricted area in Kenya originally reported [9].
NSDV/GV is a bunyavirus of the genus Nairovirus; other members of the genus include Dugbe virus and Kupe virus, both isolated from cattle ticks in East Africa, and the human pathogen Crimean Congo hemorrhagic fever virus (CCHFV). CCHFV is another tick-borne virus which appears to be spreading, with increasing outbreaks in Russia, Turkey, India and Pakistan and recent detection of the virus in tick samples from Spain [10]. The spread of CCHFV, or at least outbreaks of disease, seems to be a consequence of a combination of changes in land use and climate, leading to increased contact between people and ticks, and possibly changes in the range of the tick vectors as well as their competence to propagate the virus [11]. The range of NSDV/GV may likewise be spreading, and its impact will also increase as we push more and more for breed improvement and maximising land use to manage the increasing global demands for food. For this reason, and because it has promise as a good model system to study the nairoviruses (while work on CCHFV is restricted to BSL4 laboratories, and lacks an in vivo system to study disease), we have initiated work on NSDV/GV with a view to characterising the virus and its pathology.
Early studies described the clinical signs of the disease in detail, as well as establishing the dependence on the tick vector. We have recently shown that the virus can block the actions of both type 1 (interferon α/β) and type 2 (interferon γ) interferons, as well as inhibit the induction of interferon β in infected cells [12]. We report here the results of an initial study of the replication of the virus in sheep and the major cytokine responses in infected animals. We found a fundamentally pro-inflammatory response, with specific differences between responses to a pathogenic and a non-pathogenic virus. As part of the project, we have developed a sensitive, NSDV/GV-specific, real-time PCR assay for detecting viral RNA which may be useful in other labs for screening diagnostic samples where nairovirus infection is suspected.
Except where indicated, media and cells were obtained from the Central Sterilisation Unit, this institute. MDBK (Madin-Darby bovine kidney) cells and Vero-SLAM (African green monkey kidney, expressing human SLAM) cells (the gift of Dr Rick De Swart, Department of Virology, Erasmus MC, The Netherlands) were grown in Dulbecco’s modified Eagle’s medium (DMEM) supplemented with 5% foetal calf serum (FCS). Although SLAM was not required for growth of NSDV, Vero-SLAM cells were the Vero cells in general use in our laboratory and it was known that the virus can infect these cells. BHK21/clone 13 (baby hamster kidney) cells were obtained from ATCC (LGC Standards, Teddington, UK) and cultured in Glasgow modified Eagle's Medium (GMEM) containing 10% FCS. PO (sheep, kidney) cells (from the Collection of Cell Lines in Veterinary Medicine (CCLV), Friedrich Loeffler Institute, Riems, Germany) and BSR-T7 (a BHK-derived cell line constitutively expressing T7 RNA polymerase) cells (a gift from Prof K. K. Conzelman) were grown in DMEM medium enriched with 10% FCS. SSF (primary sheep skin fibroblast) cells and BSF (primary bovine skin fibroblast) cells were prepared previously as described by Childerstone et al. [13]. These cells were maintained in Iscove’s modified Dulbecco’s medium (IMDM) (Life Technologies, Paisley, UK) containing 10% FCS. BFA (bovine foetal aortic endothelium) cells were obtained from the European Cell Culture Collection) and grown on Nutrient Mixture F-12 Ham medium (Sigma, Dorset, UK) containing 20% FCS. Primary ovine endothelial cells were either obtained from Dr H-H Takamatsu (The Pirbright Institute) and maintained in IMDM containing 10% FCS or prepared from ovine pulmonary artery and aorta essentially as described [14] and maintained in medium M131 supplemented with microvascular growth supplement (MVGS) (Life Technologies).
The Nairobi sheep disease virus (NSDV) isolate (ND66-PC9) was obtained from Dr Piet van Rijn, Central Veterinary Institute of Wageningen, Netherlands. The Ganjam virus (GV) isolate (IG619, TVPII 236) was obtained from World Reference Center for Emerging Viruses and Arboviruses at the Galveston National Laboratory, and was the kind gift of Prof Robert B Tesh, University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, Texas, USA. Virus stocks were grown in BHK21/clone 13 cells using GMEM containing 2% FCS, penicillin (100 U/mL), streptomycin sulphate (100 μg/mL), 2 mM L-glutamine and 5% tryptose phosphate broth solution. The virus titre was determined as the 50% tissue culture infectious dose (TCID50) in BHK21 cells. Both strains grew to similar final titres (~106/mL) and were used after two additional passages in BHK cells. Multiplicity of infection (MOI) was calculated as TCID50 per plated cell.
Cells were plated in 6-well dishes 6-9 h before use, apart from primary endothelial cells, which were plated 18 h before infection to ensure good attachment. Cells were infected with NSDV or GV at a MOI of 0.01; after 1 h incubation at 37°C, 5% CO2, the inoculum was removed, the cells were washed once with growth medium and incubated in fresh medium at 37°C, 5% CO2. At 0, 12, 24, 36, 48 and 72 hours post infection (hpi) samples were frozen at -80°C. Each virus time course was carried out at least in duplicate. When all samples had been collected, they were thawed and centrifuged at 2500 rpm, 4°C for 10 min to remove cell debris. The supernatants were stored at -80°C. The amount of viruses in each sample was determined by titration on BSR-T7 cells (for NSDV) or BHK21 (for GV). CPE (cytopathic effect) was scored at 3-5 days post infection (dpi) and virus titre was calculated as TCID50/mL by the Spearman-Kärber method [15].
The animal study described in this paper was subject to full ethical review and licensing under the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986 of the United Kingdom, and was approved by the competent authority with Project Licence number 70/7014. Six outbred sheep (female Dorset breed animals at 7-8 months of age) were obtained from commercial suppliers. Three animals were infected subcutaneously with 104 TCID50 units of either the NSDV or GV isolate at the first passage in BHK 21/clone 13 cells from receipt of samples. The rectal temperature of the animals was measured before the experiment began and each day during the experiment. Blood samples were taken prior to infection and on the indicated days post infection into vacutainers for serum (coagulated blood) and leucocytes (EDTA as anti-coagulant) as well as into Tempus® vacutainers (Life Technologies) for stabilisation of total RNA. Serum samples were separated and stored at -20°C. White cell counts were determined from duplicate samples on the day of sampling, using a Cellometer Auto T4 (Nexcelcom, Lawrence, MA, USA). Red cells were pelleted by centrifugation and the supernatant (essentially plasma plus buffy coat cells) stored at -80°C until used for virus isolation or RNA extraction.
RNA was prepared from the whole blood samples in Tempus tubes using the Tempus® Spin RNA Isolation kit (Life Technologies). RNA was extracted from white cell samples using RNeasy mini kits (Qiagen, West Sussex, UK). All oligonucleotide primers were from Sigma. Reverse transcription was carried out as instructed by the manufacturer using Superscript II (Life Technologies) with either genome-specific primer (0.1 pmol/μL final concentration) or Oligo(dT)-Anch ((T)16VN) (5 pmol/μL final concentration). cDNA was diluted 4-fold (3-fold if RNA concentration was low) in water and heated at 75°C for 15 min before use in PCR. PCR was performed in 10 μL (initial gradient PCRs) or 20 μL (real-time PCR) reactions using Applied Biosystems SYBR® Green PCR Master Mix (Life Technologies). Real-time PCR reactions were carried out on a Rotorgene 2000 (Qiagen) and analysed using Rotor-Gene software v6; the threshold for determining the Ct was set at normalised fluorescence = 0.01. The PCR program used consisted of a 10 min activation step at 95°C followed by 40 cycles of 15 s at 95°C, 30 s at the appropriate annealing temperature (Table 1) and 30 s at 72°C. Final primer concentrations for each real-time PCR assay were as listed in Table 1. Each reaction contained 15 ng (whole blood) or 3 ng (white cells) of RNA as cDNA.
Real-time PCR data from the animal experiment was analysed using the General Linear Model form of ANOVA as implemented in Minitab 16 with a model in which the virus used and the days post infection were fixed factors. Due to the loss of some animals at day 7, analysis was restricted to the data from days 0, 2, 4 and 7. The two virus isolates were compared using the ANOVA of the linear model, and the significance of any increase or decrease of transcription on day 2, 4 and 7, compared to the value at day zero, was determined using Dunnett’s correction for multiple comparisons.
Two isolates of NSDV/GV were available to us, one of NSDV Entebbe strain (ND66-PC9) originally prepared by Terpstra from samples taken in Uganda in 1956 [18] and passed 75 times in tissue culture, the other of GV (IG619), originally isolated in India, but with no recorded passage history. Both isolates were found to grow to good titres (106 TCID50/mL) on BHK21/clone13 cells, as previously reported for NSDV [6] (data not shown). We assessed their ability to grow in a variety of other cultured cells, both continuous lines and primary cells (Figure 1). The NSDV isolate grew well, to titres of 106 TCID50/mL, in all the cell lines tested with the exception of MDBK cells, an established bovine kidney line, where the peak titre was only 104 TCID50/mL. This was not due to a species-specific restriction, since the virus grew equally well in bovine and ovine skin fibroblasts, and in bovine and ovine endothelial cells (Figure 1). This isolate grew well also in another hamster kidney-derived cell line (BSR-T7). Cytopathic effect (CPE) was observed in most of the cell types, though it appeared more slowly in the primary skin fibroblasts. In contrast, the GV isolate grew well only in BHK21/clone13 cells, Vero cells or the bovine foetal endothelial cell line, and showed strong CPE only in the BHK cells, which were therefore used for titration of GV stocks. This virus grew poorly in ovine or bovine kidney cell lines, or in primary goat or sheep endothelial cells, and essentially did not grow in the primary ovine or bovine skin fibroblasts (Figure 1). In general NSDV growth peaked at earlier time points (at 36 and 48 h post infection), whereas the GV displayed a slower growth rate, and the virus titre did not peak by the end of the time course. These data suggested that the extended passage of the NSDV isolate in BHK cells has adapted it to cell culture in general; other studies in our laboratory have shown this isolate replicates well in human cells as well (A549 cells). The GV isolate appeared to be significantly more restricted in the cell lines it will enter and replicate in. However, there seems to be no species specific restriction since each virus isolate grew equally well in hamster, monkey and human-derived cell lines as well as in bovine and ovine cells. An interesting observation was that this isolate grew significantly worse in BSR-T7 cells (max titre 104) compared to BHK21/clone13 cells, despite the fact that they are both subclones of BHK cells, and it grew better in Veros than in BSR-T7 cells, despite the observation that both cells are defective in production of type 1 interferon [19, 20].
Growth of NSDV/GV isolates in cultured cells. The NSDV isolate (A-D) or the GV isolate (E-H) were used to infect different primary (1º) or permanent cell lines as described in “Materials and methods”. At the indicated times post infection the cells were frozen and the titre (TCID50/mL) of virus in the cell-free supernatant determined. Each experiment was carried out 2-4 times; symbols representing individual experiments may overlap.
In order to be able to track and quantitate the growth and spread of the virus isolates in samples taken during animal studies, we developed a real-time PCR based assay for viral RNA. We selected primers based on the available sequences of the S segments of NSDV, GV, CCHFV, Dugbe virus and Kupe virus. The S segment was chosen because there is more extensive sequence data for that segment than the M or L segments, and primers were selected for the reverse transcription (RT) step and for a Sybr Green-based real-time PCR. We used a genome-specific primer (F3b) for the reverse transcription (RT) step as the assay was to be used for quantitation; random hexanucleotide primers, while possibly more sensitive, are not compatible with RNA quantitation [21]. Preliminary tests showed that lower background and higher sensitivity was achieved using a single primer external to the PCR target than by using the same primers for the RT and PCR steps. We sought to find primer sets that were conserved in NSDV/GV but not in any of the other nairoviruses, so that the assay could also be used as a diagnostic for NSDV/GV should the need arise in the future. The location of the primers in the overall alignment are shown in Figure 2, and the sequence of the primers used are listed in Table 1, along with the reaction conditions (annealing temperature and primer concentration). All primer pairs were optimised for annealing temperature by gradient PCR, and the optimal primer concentration determined (e.g. Figure 3B). Primer pairs F1-R1a and F2-R2 both worked well with similar sensitivity (Figure 3C-F), detecting fewer than 10 copies of target. We tested whether the primers would react with Dugbe virus, since this virus is also found associated with livestock. No reaction was seen with a clone of Dugbe virus S segment (Figure 3G-H). No reaction product was seen in samples without template (NTC controls), and this assay was used to measure viral genome RNA in the subsequent animal experiment.
Identification of specific primers for NSDV/GV PCR. An alignment of all available S segments for nairoviruses (CCHFV, NSDV, GV, Dugbe virus and Kupe virus) was made and extracted blocks from this alignment are shown to illustrate the differences between NSDV/GV and other nairoviruses at the points selected for use as RT and PCR primers.
Optimisation and validation of PCR primers for NSDV/GV detection and quantitation. A) Example gradient PCRs of F1/R1a and F2/R2 primer pairs. B) Example real-time PCR with 100-500nM primer concentration for F1/R1a primer pair. C) Sensitivity determination for real-time PCR with F1-R1a primer pair; serial dilutions were made of GV S segment DNA template from 4 to 4 × 107 copies per reaction and the real-time PCR carried out with F1/R1a. D) Plot of data from (C). E), F) Similar sensitivity determination and standard curve for primer pair F2/R2. G) Real-time PCR results for F1/R1a primer pair with 4 × 107 copies of GV (blue) or Dugbe virus (brown) S segment; purple and green lines are negative controls. H) As (G), but with F2/R2 primer pair.
Each virus isolate was passaged a further two times in BHK21/clone13 cells to prepare stock, and 104 TCID50 units of virus were injected subcutaneously into 3 sheep per isolate. The animals infected with GV isolate IG619 showed higher and more prolonged pyrexia as well as profound leucopoenia (Figure 4). One of this group became extremely weak and apathetic by 7 dpi, developing clear hyperaemia in the coronary band (Figure 4), with gum lesions and bloody diarrhoea; this animal was euthanised at this point for post-mortem. A second animal with less severe clinical signs from the same group, and one animal from the group infected with the tissue culture-adapted NSDV isolate were sacrificed and post-mortem examination carried out at the same time. The animal with severe clinical signs had an enlarged spleen and multiple internal haemorrhages on blood vessels and the lining of the lower gut (Figure 4), while the other animal from the same group showed less in the way of pathology. The animals infected with NSDV-Entebbe showed only a transient pyrexia and leucopoenia, and the animal killed at 7 dpi showed no pathology at post mortem. The remaining animals were kept for a further four days, by which time temperatures had returned to normal.
Effects of NSDV and GV isolates on sheep. Three animals (VU15-17) were infected with the NSDV isolate and three (VU18-20) were infected with the GV isolate. Animals VU17, VU19 and VU20 were sacrificed at 7 days post infection, when VU19 showed extreme clinical signs. A, B) rectal temperatures for the animals over the course of the experiment. C, D) white cell counts on the indicated days post infection, calculated for each animal as % white cell count on day 0. E-H show examples of pathology from VU19: E) Inflamed coronary band on hoof. F) zebra striping of caecum. G) haemmorrhage of gums. H) swollen spleen.
RNA was prepared from whole blood samples taken directly into RNA stabilising solution (Ambion “Tempus” vacutainers) and the relative level of viral genome RNA in each sample determined. Due to the small sample numbers and the wide variation in virus load observed in different animals, not all days in which virus genome was detected appeared statistically different from zero, but the pattern of responses was nevertheless clear. Viral RNA levels were higher in the GV IG619-infected animals, peaking at around 4 dpi and falling rapidly after 7 dpi (Figure 5A). Similar results were obtained from RNA isolated from a crude white cell preparation (Figure 5B) consisting of blood from which red cells were removed (buffy coat & plasma). Virus isolation from this preparation was successful for GV at days of peak viral RNA, but the NSDV isolate could not be recovered. Several white cell samples from NSDV and GV-infected animals were found to be extremely toxic to cell cultures.
Real-time PCR assay of viral genome RNA. Viral genome was quantitated in (A) whole blood and (B) white cells isolated on different days post infection, for animals infected with NSDV isolate (light bars) or GV isolate (dark bars). Values are expressed as 40-Ct so that an increase in value corresponds to an increase in viral RNA. n.d. = not determined (samples lost before assay). The probability (p) value shown is that for the contrast of the two virus isolates and indicates the probability that the differences arose by chance. A star above a group of bars for a particular combination of virus and dpi indicate a significant difference from 0 at a threshold of p = 0.05.
The RNA prepared from whole blood which had been stabilised with complete cell lysis immediately on isolation was used to study cytokine mRNA levels during the course of infection (Figure 6). Infection with either isolate led to rapid increases in levels of IL-1β, IL-8 and IL-12 mRNA, with a later increase in IFN-γ mRNA levels as the infection was resolving. The pathogenic virus isolate caused a noticeably higher level of transcription of IL-6, IL-10 and TNFα mRNAs, and a clear if transient suppression of transcription of IL-4 and TGFβ. No consistent effect was seen in the levels of IL-18 or IFNβ mRNA in the animals of either group. A set of three housekeeping genes (glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH), glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) and succinate dehydrogenase (SDHA)) showed no variation between samples (not shown), indicating that RNA recovery and the RT reactions had not introduced any significant bias into the results.
Effects of infection on transcription of cytokine mRNAs. Cytokine mRNA levels were determined in total blood RNA from animals infected with the NSDV isolate (light bars) or the GV isolate (dark bars). Due to the variable initial Cts seen in samples from different animals, values for day N are expressed as Ct(day 0)-Ct(day N), so that an increase in specific mRNA appears as an increase in the plotted value. The probability (p) value shown is that for the contrast of the two virus isolates and indicates the probability that the differences arose by chance. A star above a group of bars for a particular combination of virus and dpi indicate a significant difference from 0 at a threshold of p = 0.05.
It is clear from the studies in tissue culture that the NSDV isolate has adapted in some way to allow it to grow well in most of the cell lines tested. At the same time, this isolate has essentially lost virulence in sheep. These findings are in accord with those of Terpstra [6], who found that NSDV of the 55th to 71st tissue culture passage had greatly reduced virulence, while generating a protective immune response in some animals. The nature of the attenuation remains to be determined. The attenuated virus clearly still grows in animals, though less than the pathogenic virus. This is not due to a defect in the replication machinery or assembly of the attenuated virus, as it is clear from the tissue culture studies that this virus replicates well; direct comparisons in which the two isolates are used to infect a compatible cell line (Vero cells) have shown that the NSDV isolate appeared to produce new viral protein and progeny virions slightly faster than the pathogenic isolate. Other studies in our laboratory have shown that both isolates block the actions of type 1 and type 2 interferons and the induction of type 1 interferon [12] equally well, suggesting that the decreased pathogenicity of the NSDV isolate is not associated with any loss of function in this area. One possible difference between the two isolates is a change in one or both surface glycoproteins of the virus to allow the adapted isolate to enter the cell lines tested more easily, but which has reduced the effectiveness of the virus at growing in the natural target cells in the animal. Further studies to identify the native receptor NSDV/GV are required before we can examine the receptor preference of these two isolates.
There have been no detailed studies on the nature of the pathogenesis in GV/NSDV infections; GV has only recently been identified as a widespread infection in India [3, 9], and it is likely that the virus has been, in the past, frequently ignored or confused with diseases having similar signs in sheep/goats (e.g. peste des petits ruminants, Rift Valley fever), on either continent. The pyrexia seen here with the pathogenic isolate is similar to that reported previously [1, 6]; the profound leucopoenia has not previously been reported for NSDV infections, although it is a common clinical sign of viral hemorraghic fever, and may be caused by the same large scale apoptosis of leukocytes seen in CCHFV-infected mice [22] or Ebola virus haemorrhagic fever [23]. Loss of white cells has been reported in CCHFV-infected humans [24].
The cytokine responses observed in this study suggest a similar pattern to that seen in CCHFV infections in humans (reviewed in [25]) and in some other haemorrhagic fevers. The pathogenesis of CCHFV is poorly understood, not least because most cases occur in areas with limited clinical pathology facilities, and work on the disease requires specialized buildings and equipment (BSL4 containment). Nevertheless, serology on CCHF patients has shown increases in IL-6 and IL-10 and increased TNFα in clinically severe (hospitalised) cases [26, 27], and monocyte-derived dendritic cells infected with CCHFV release IL-6, IL-10 and TNFα [28], while we showed that pathogenic NSDV/GV was associated with increases in these cytokines as well as of IL-12, and a decrease in IL-4, all concordant with a Th1, proinflammatory response, which has been proposed for CCHFV [26, 29]. One study found reduced levels of IL-12 in CCHF patients [30], but this may be a matter of timing, since the levels of IL-12 in NSDV/GV infection declined rapidly after 7 days. The observed cytokine responses would be expected to give rise to lymphohistocytosis (often associated with CCHF [29]), while both IL-6 and TNFα are associated with the increase in endothelial permeability that is common in viral hemorrhagic fevers [31, 32]. Elevated TNFα is found in a number of other hemorrhagic fevers, including infection with Hantaan virus [33], Ebola virus [34] or Puumala virus [35]. It does need to be pointed out that most of those studies have measured serum cytokine proteins, while in this instance we have looked only at the levels of specific mRNAs, since specific assays for ovine cytokines have not yet been developed. This means that we will have missed some changes due to cytokines secreted by other organs (e.g. IL-6 produced by the liver); on the other hand, the real-time PCRs are very sensitive, and the serial samples allow us to pick up quite small changes in transcription patterns.
The real-time PCR detection of viral genome was much more sensitive than virus isolation, as has been seen with other viruses. Interestingly, white cell RNA was almost as sensitive as whole blood RNA for detecting virus, especially the more wild-type, pathogenic isolate, despite the fact that low yields of RNA from the white cell preparation meant that it was necessary to use less of this RNA in the RT-PCR than whole blood RNA, suggesting that the viral RNA in the blood is mostly associated with white cells, and that EDTA blood or other anticoagulated blood will be a suitable sample for laboratory testing/diagnosis.
This work was supported by grants BB/F00740X/1 and BB/F006764/1 from the United Kingdom Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council. We would like to thank Prof R B Tesh and Dr P. van Rijn for the gift of the GV and NSDV isolates, Dr R Waters for carrying out the post mortem examination of the infected sheep, Drs H-H Takamatsu and K Darpel for helpful discussions about preparing endothelial cells and the ovine cytokine responses, and Drs S. Gubbins and D Schley for advice on statistical analysis.
AbT processed all the samples from the animal study and carried out all the real-time PCR studies. LL prepared endothelial cells and carried out all the studies on virus growth in cell culture. BH characterised and sequenced the virus isolates. MDB conceived of, designed and directed the study, carried out the animal work and prepared the manuscript. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
Montgomery E: On a tick-borne gastro-enteritis of sheep and goats occuring in British East Africa. J Comp Pathol. 1917, 30: 28-57.View ArticleGoogle Scholar
By using this website, you agree to our Terms and Conditions, Privacy statement and Cookies policy. Manage the cookies we use in the preference centre.
Everything Audio Recordings Books/Printed Material Films, Videos Legislation Manuscripts/Mixed Material Maps Notated Music Newspapers Periodicals Personal Narratives Photos, Prints, Drawings Software, E-Resources Archived Web Sites Web Pages 3D Objects
The Library of Congress Web sites have links to other federal agencies. We also link to other organizations' Web sites when there is a business reason to do so. This linking does not constitute the Library's endorsement of the content of their Web sites or of their policies or products.
If you have come to a Library of Congress reading room, we suggest that you begin your research here. Easy access is provided to the Library's Online Catalogs, an extensive collection of subscription databases and electronic journals available only onsite, Internet resources for research, Reading Room home pages, and the Library's full public Web site.
Starting with the Library's public home page, you will find easy access to information about services and programs, daily public events, visitor areas and tour information, and much more. A search box will help you move directly to the information you are interested in, and many links are provided to guide you to general topics.
Sve kategorije Akcija !!! Proizvodi Displеji Knjige Moduli LED-ovi Razvojni alati (Development Tools) Arduino Bigl (Beagle) Genuino Raspberry Pi (RPi) Robotika Motori Komponente Senzori Alati za elektroniku Usluge Podrška Edukacija O nama Kontakt Novosti Reference
Early detection, immediate remediation and proactive, preventive measures to help you stay online 24/7.
.co.za .org.za .africa .capetown .joburg .durban .com .org .co .mobi .me .net .cc .at .fm .org.za .biz .name .us .info .co.uk .bz .tv .sexy .graphics .plumbing .singles .photography .tips .technology .directory .camera .guru .company .center .systems .management .solutions .support .email .equipment .gallery .lighting .domains .computer .academy .training .builders .estate .contractors .land .construction .kitchen .enterprises .bike .clothing .diamonds .voyage .holdings .ventures .link .work .today
Need to secure your site, but not sure where to start? Get a Comodo SSL certificate and protect your website’s sensitive information as it travels across global computer networks.
“The Guys at 1-grid helped me immensely to install my SSL for several sites! Very competent people.” – Jim Ord
Comodo is the largest Certificate Authority (CA) in the world with a wide variety of product offerings, all with different validation levels, warranties and additional features. Regardless of whether you’re a large, established enterprise-level company or a newly created small business, Comodo has the perfect security solution for you.
If you want to enable encrypted connections for your first basic website, this package is ideal for you.
If you are looking to increase trust and secure more than one business’ site, this package is ideal for you.
Avoid “Not Secure” warnings with encrypted connections that protect customer data while you boost trust and conversions.
An SSL certificate will protect your customers’ information online by encrypting any data they send to you, then decrypting it once you’ve received it. All our packages come with high (128 – 256 bit) encryption that ensures transactions and sensitive information are secure.
No site is too small to hack! An SSL certificate protects all your pages that have login features, as well as your web forms.
An SSL certificate not only protects your customers, but also helps to increase your rankings. Google favours HTTPS-encrypted websites and will rank them higher in search results.
Security is an incredibly important part of taking online payments – avoid any risks when accepting payments online with a trusted SSL certificate.
Google’s July 1 encryption deadline is sneaking up! After this date, Google will warn all users if they travel into a domain that is not HTTPS secure. Don’t get caught – invest in an SSL certificate and migrate your site successfully to HTTPS.
An SSL certificate helps you to gain the trust of clients or customers. Once people know that their information is protected, they are more likely to do business with you.
Simply sign up for an SSL certificate which meets all your needs – you will need a dedicated IP which you can order when checking out.
Various pieces of information need to be provided to the registering authority (either Comodo or Thawte). We’ll hold your hand through this process.
Once verified, it is a simple case of adding the SSL certificate to your website. We’ll assist with the entire process.
SSL stands for Secure Sockets Layer. It’s the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and browsers remain private.
SSL is a simple but essential way to keep sensitive information safe while giving your visitors the confidence they need to interact on your website. Whether it is submitting a contact form or completing a transaction online. Recently, Google announced that they prefer secured sites, giving anyone who protects their website a boost in search engine rankings.
Addresses of secured pages start with https:// as opposed to http://. Most web browsers will also display a padlock when you’re viewing a site over a secure connection. In the case of an Extended Validation certificate, the browser bar will also turn green and display the site’s credentials.
This is a certificate that is applied to a domain and all of its subdomains, for example “love.1-grid.co.za” would be considered a subdomain of “1-grid.co.za”. A conventional SSL certificate works on a single domain.
You do not need to provide any documentation in order to purchase a Domain Validated (DV) certificate. All you will need to do is confirm that you own the domain you wish to cover, either through a simple email or file-based authentication.
Organization Validated (OV) verification requires checking your business’ registration. If the Certificate Authority (CA) can verify this information using online government databases, no additional documents will be required. However, if the online filings are not available, inaccurate or not up to date, the CA may request additional official government registration documents, which vary on a case-by-case basis. A Dun & Bradstreet listing can usually satisfy most of the requirements for an OV certificate.
EV certificates require a more stringent verification process than OV certificates. To understand the basis of this procedure, please refer to the above question about OV certificate verification. Please note that EV certificates require you to complete a few extra steps, including proving both physical and operational existence, as well as completing a simple telephone call with the Certificate Authority (CA) directly.
Our certificate authority, i.e. Comodo/Thawte, has ensured that our certificates work on 99.3% of all browsers. In essence, this is every major web browser, including Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Internet Explorer and Safari.
Quickly type your brand or business’ name into the Google search bar. Can’t find your website? It’s time to get one!
If you happen to be someone that is involved in the medical profession, there will be a lot of matters for you to handle. It is necessary for you to make surhttps://amamedicalproducts.com.au/collections/stethoscopese that you handle these matters with much responsibility, as that can impact the lives of many others. Having a look at the medical field of today, it will be possible for you to observe that things will be so much easier for you with the effective utilization of good medical supplies. There are so many medical supplies out there and they can help you out in a wide variety of ways.
However, you should also be responsible when you direct your attention towards buying medical supplies. The quality of the supplies will be impactful toward many matters, and you should make sure that you make the right choices regarding them.
One of the most important things that you need to do in buying medical supplies, will be making sure that you get them from ideal suppliers. Having a look into the matters, you will be able to see that there are so many suppliers of medical supplies. It is up to you to make sure that you purchase them from well-reputed suppliers that can guarantee you of the quality of the supplies. As an example, if you are going to buy a stethoscope for sale, you need to find a supplier that can guarantee you that it will be in good quality.
The field of technology is constantly advancing in many ways. When you are going ahead with the purchase of medical supplies, you should make sure that you go for supplies that contain the latest technology. That will make your job so much easier. As an example, if you want to buy a stethoscope, rather than buying an old stethoscope with outdated technology, buying an best littmann cardiology 3 with the latest technology will prove to be of much use to you.
Merely purchasing medical supplies will not be enough. You should also know the best ways in which you could utilize them. This means that you have to stay well-updated regarding the latest technologies, and the right steps that need to be taken in the maintenance of such medical supplies. Taking such steps will always bring in satisfactory results to you as a medical professional.
﻿HalfABakedPotato @mr_memerino V In fallout 76 the first nuke is launched and it has a huge effect: deathclaws get wings, the world is thrown into a nuclear winter, technology is set back to the Iron Age. Your player wakes up in a cart with his hands bound, a title appears in the sky: "Elder Sc
Nice-looking Suzie Karina came for her 1st casting and she willingly takes off her clothes to show charms
Fishka is 20 years old but she is a very humble girl. She has got fresh boyfriend recently and her mate is a photographer. This guy always brings camera with him wherever this guy goes and this guy likes to make shots of his fresh girl feeling excited because of that. What cou
Juvenile slutty brunettes Allie Jordan, Dahlia Denyle and Daisy Cruz with tight asses have enjoyment in living room
Right now i'm on my states DOT (Department of Transportation) site.....there are stories of teens who had bad experiences such as one with a guy killing his friend by driving 60 on a jagged back road and slid on ice and into a tree......that's crazy
Right now I am sitting in school, in my yearbook class trying to figure out some more things to do to my spread. How fun.
right now i feel terrible because i have the swine flu.......i'm the 12th person in my school to get it and my birthday is on tuesday, so i hope it's gone by then.
Oh gosh Dante, that's terrible! I sure do hope that you get better quickly, that stupid flu has been horrible for people. Also, happy early birthday.
Are you sure it's the swine flu? I hope you'll feel better soon, but you generally have a flu for like a week or more...
I had the 'normal' flu recently. At least I think it was the normal flu...For me it took a week and a half. But I hope you'll feel better much sooner
Hope you're at least feeling a little bit better today Dante. Happy early birthday, which is now only 2 days away.
I'm busy "cleaning out the closet"... Getting rid of things I haven't used in ages, or will never use again. I seem to have a mild case of OCD from time to time, which lasts a week or so, then I'm back to not being too bothered by things, LOL.
Right now I'm getting ready to watch a show...not sure which one yet. After that I might consider doing something useful
Haha, I'm glad someone else has some form of OCD about their closet.... because I do. I like to keep my hangers two fingers apart while also color coordinating my clothes, so I'm always in their and never really have to clean it out. lol.
But right now I am in school, looking up some books that I would like to suggest for the book club that I am in. (:
Right now I'm just on here and thinking about what to do next. Homework which I really really have to do but really really really don't want to?
Brittany wrote: Haha, I'm glad someone else has some form of OCD about their closet.... because I do. I like to keep my hangers two fingers apart while also color coordinating my clothes, so I'm always in their and never really have to clean it out. lol.
I haven't had internet connection on my computer for the past few days, so haven't really bothered to go online on my phone (it's too much of a mission, and the screen is too small). Now that I'm back I have so many things to reply to, to do, etc. I'm already stressing again, LOL.
Not working on writing part of my thesis which should be done by tomorrow. A part that is, not the whole thing
I'm just browsing a bit doing nothing really. And I am very happy and excited cos I won a copy of Assassin's Creed 2. Ubisoft had a Twitter promo week(s), where they'd give things away every day, ranging from quizes that could net you a ps3 with game or yesterday the quiz that could get you a real hidden blade. But I didn't win those. You would also be rewarded if you retweeted their tweets and everyday a few people would get an AC2 ring or belt, but again not me. Instead they gave me a game, which I am happier with than a ring. I didn't really expect it, since its a ps3 sponsored thing and they didn't have 360 games I thought, but apparently they had only a few of those and he had one left with my name on it. The promo thing still isn't over, they're gonna give away some more minor stuff, so I'll still participate
I wonder how many developers will mimic this, since it was highly succesful. Of course they did give away an insane amount of stuff. When I include the bits where you had to go into the country and find 'Ezio' (which I didnt have time for) they probably gave away like a dozen ps3's with games, another 30-40 games, 20 rings and belts, a hidden blade (which really is the ultimate collectable) and a whole lotta hoodies and t-shirts and stuff like that.
Reflecting on a few things. It's strange how the start of a new year always leads to this, isn't it? I'm also organizing all my thoughts, and trying to get rid of any negative things.
I am currently snowed in at my friends place and she wants to continue drinking from last night....it's 8:50am for crying out loud! lol
@ Liza....drinking that early ain't no good for ya so...let's not You have a lot of snow there? We haven't had that for a week or so. WHich means it's dangerous to go outside since everywhere is like the skating track
Right now I'm just replying to all these new posts and soon I'll have lunch and then I'll get back to my thesis. It's coming along nicely. Ang, maybe I will be done early next week and then can make room for BloHe time
lol my friend is plastered already, I have refrained from drinking and instead just got some basic exercises in, the snow is about 6inches deep where we are so university is cancelled for this week. No homework to do so just on the forum and chatting with friends on MSN
Mercedes Gl Class Review Team Bhp is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
If you would like to become a member unit for the 2015 season, or if you would just like more information, please send us your info in the form below. We will send you all the forms necessary to be a part of the GIPA inaugural season.
Companies seek to maximize the return on their investments in large IT projects. They favor service providers in providing value added services. Onsite – offshore delivery model is one fine option that fulfills their needs.
DVR Softek has got highly talented personnel, resources, state-of-the-art infrastructure and communication facilities at Bangalore,India. We have implemented the latest versions of mySAP components including APO, EBP, BW, SEM, CRM, and core R/3 (SD, MM, PP, FI/CO, HR etc.) systems in our Solution Centers. Our field consultants build a strong internal hands-on knowledge base.
You can access our web-based help desk round the clock for services on your SAP problems. You can get the help online through our expert team who gives you an appropriate resolution or a course of action.
We provide innovative services for ongoing SAP R/3 support and enhancements. Our Offshore team provides comprehensive services based on best practices and well defined procedures.
Partnership with DVR Softek ensures a better return on your investment and improve the quality of your SAP R/3 operations.
DVR Softek follows the Onsite/Offshore Delivery Model. The outsourcing work is distributed between on-site team and the offshore development center. It is one of the most successful outsourcing models employed by companies today.
It is built on successful past implementations of SAP R/3 and New dimension Products. The objective is to provide the clients a cost effective and timely delivery of solutions developed on quality management procedure.
The procedures, the quality personnel and the tools we use gives us the advantage in giving value to our clients.
The project management of global SAP Off-shore Delivery Model has multi-location consulting and implementing teams. The operability of this model requires a well defined communication and information flow procedures. A web based Project Task Monitor ensures that the engagement risk is minimized for the client.
red-apple.in helps you to trace caller information like location, network operator, state, search history, etc. red-apple.in mobile phone Tracker can provide the latest or current location for any telephone number. You can also register complaint against any mobile number in reputation and monitoring section. red-apple.in is a free tracker designed to provide exact location for all the states India.	Our Mobile number Tracker helps you to narrow down your search for Owner name, address and other details.
Please note that, Network operator details may not match, if the customer has availed MNB in the past. There are thousands of users satisfied with red-apple.in services, who comes here to trace the location of mobile number.We offer one of the best tracking solution among other tracking services in India. Here you get complete details of the complete mobile number. To loacte any phone number in United ststes or in India, just type the telephone in the search box provided, you can get complete information like operator, Location , GPS information, Service Network provider, etc. This is the best place to find, "who is caller ?" information free and world largest and best free mobile trace site.
* Sharing the Individual identity like name and address details are not encouraged by law, Hence there are no such directory available for mobile number. But we may help you to locate the owner with our phone tracker, which will find the exact location , network, service operator, information & circle.
We are specialized in mobile recharge software and online recharge API. we are on of the best multi recharge software provider in india. for more details about our online recharge services please contact us on +91-522-4003442 or mail us on info@red-apple.in.
We are having solid customer portfolio in more than 12 states of India for giving Mobile recharge software at low cost. Our across the board versatile energize Online mobile recharge software services web based including Prepaid, Postpaid Online Mobile Recharge, Electricity, DTH, Fund Transfer, and Landline. Our Mobile recharge software is easy to use and good with most recent API, for example, Multi Recharge API, DTH Recharge, Postpaid bills and so on.
John Coffey: I dreamed he got down to that place Boss Howell talked about, that Mouseville place. I dreamed there was kids, and how they laughed at his tricks! My! I dreamed those two little blonde-headed girls were there. They 'us laughing, too. I put my arms around 'em and sat 'em on my knees, and there 'us no blood comin' outta their hair and they 'us fine. We all watch Mr. Jingles roll that spool, and how we did laugh.Fit to bust, we was.
Welcome toGuru Nanak Motors , Rajasthanâ€™s largest integrated multi brand auto solutions network. Built around you, our gamut of services includes new & used car sales and used car exchange, car repairs and service, car accessories and car insurance. Guru Nanak Motors banks on the philosophy of transparency, delivery on time and getting it right the first time. Sell and Purchase your Car with good price & hassle-free experience.
Guru Nanak Motors deals in new & used car sales or used car exchange, car repairs & service, car accessories & car insurance. Sell & Purchase Car with best price.
Famous youtube star Logan Paul is getting some seeeeerious backlash after he recorded a suicide victim in Japan's Aokigahara forest. Sexy naked irish women. Lisa toys with her sweet Teen nude jpg young Our Favorite Members Sites. Lesbian girls nude photos. Teen shy models free pics Blonde teens toys dildo Sex with russian women The award winning photography and cinema of Petter Hegre presents exquisite women from all over the world.
When her girlfriend Katerina Kay returned from the bathroom, she found Natasha rubbing between her legs, bringing her fa Young blonde babes toys Check them out as they strip and pose without any clothes on. Virgin female pics free Teen nude blonde als scan Young girls toys als scan Skinny girls ilina and It was girls night in so Wetting her large sex toys Club Seventeen. Alisa at Let There Be Porn. Extreme close-up shots of dripping wet, delicious pussies spread wide open for the camera. Veronica Snow and Lindsay exercise daily, and when done love to play.
Redhead Teen Softcore Dildo Xxx young teens thumbs We have partnered with iStripper to give you a completely free striptease from one of the most beautiful models in the world. For over a year, Casey Neistat has been absent from his daily vlog. Long toys inside her muff Club Seventeen. Free teen nude pictures As a social-media-savvy millennial with a particular fondness for Instagram, it's rare that I come across an Insta-term or trend I've never heard.
What could be better than sliding your lips up and down on a wet pussy? Girls of Desire Courtney plays with her toys FTV Girls.
The shapeless hoodies, the shirts you bought because they were cheap in a pack from Walmart? Amateur gets huge tits banged in fake taxi. Posts Ask me anything Archive. Time to go back for more plastic till they are completely rock solid.
Maybe you have to work harder. Fake big tits Aletta Ocean anal wrecked. Do not resist the flow of social pressure. Big tits amateur passenger gets fucked by fake driver. Get a fucking job that will encourage you and motivate you to be a better bimbo.
If he has an opinion, you agree. Sweat out that fat, little cardio bunny. Brunette lesbian couple with big fake tits touching and kissing in bed.
Goal writes: "England defender Jamie Carragher has said that he is willing to play any role manager Fabio Capello assigns him in this summer’s World Cup".
WORLD CUP 2010: I'll play wherever Fabio Capello wants me to play! Jamie Carragher admits England u-dailymail.co.ukCyrus365
11x2 is a community of ​​​awesome people​​​ posting and discussing the latest football news. It’s part of NewsBoiler, a network of social news sites covering today’s pop culture.
Розничная торговля на сегодняшний день является довольно тяжёлым бизнесом, и одна из самых частых проблем, с которой сталкивается данный тип бизнеса - это кражи, причём, как со стороны покупателей, так и со стороны недобросовестного персонала.
Our FastEthernet quoting tool can access rates from over 50 of the top nationwide providers within your area.
Find out the absolute best FastEthernet rate and review the details online. Our system will store your quote for later visits.
Speak with a FastEthernet expert before you order, or just submit the order online through our website.
To obtain Fast Ethernet for your business in Dawson County, give us a call at 1.888.765.8301 or use our online quote tool (on the right) to get an initial estimate on Fast Ethernet in Dawson. Once we receive your information we'll give you a call to discuss your individual request.
Call us today at 1.888.765.8301 and talk to one of our FastEthernet experts, or enter your information above to compare FastEthernet rates from dozens of different providers. Best of all there is no cost to you and we guarantee the lowest price from our FastEthernet partners.
Get info on small business loans india government best way to get small business loans | Get info on banks that give out small business loans government small business loans without collateral
The last part is often translated as “often go awry”, and I’m sure you understand the sense: no matter how carefully you plan, things rarely go as expected. We live in a complex, interconnected world, and even if you do everything right, your business could be knocked sideways by a sudden economic meltdown, a real estate crash, a war on the other side of the world that raises prices for your raw materials, the sudden entry of a powerful competitor into your turf, and much more.
The staff at Key Commercial Capital was wonderful. They made sure to explain all our options in detail and were always interested in the best for us. They verified our documents before submitting for approval to ensure everything was in order and that the application and closing process was as smooth as possible. They were also very responsive and available at all times. I will certainly be back on the next opportunity.
Dana has worked on domain name disputes, beginning with complex multiparty cybersquatting actions in 1999 prior to the adoption of the Anticybersquatting Consumer Protection Act. Dana's trademark work has included the brands of many Las Vegas resorts, such as Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, Wynn, Palms, Treasure Island, Station Casinos, Golden Nugget, and Stratosphere. Dana has also worked on hundreds of trademarks for noncasino clients, including Sunbelt Communications, Teligence Communications, University of Nevada–Las Vegas, HyLoft, iGolf.com, and many others.
"Accountants can be an important source of advice for small business owners. That's why Bizfi has partnered with the National Directory of Certified Public Accountants," says Stephen Sheinbaum, CEO of alternative lender Bizfi. "But there are many other places to find good people to talk to, such as the Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE), a free mentoring service that is supported by the Small Business Administration."
Patents. Patents are the best protection you can get for a new product. A patent gives its inventor the right to prevent others from making, using, or selling the patented subject matter described in the patent’s claims. The key issues in determining whether you can get a patent are: (1) Only the concrete embodiment of an idea, formula, or product is patentable; (2) the invention must be new or novel; (3) the invention must not have been patented or described in a printed publication previously; and (4) the invention must have some useful purpose. In the United States you obtain a patent from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, but this process can take several years and be complicated. You typically need a patent lawyer to draw up the patent application for you. The downside of patents is that they can be expensive to obtain and take several years,
Many companies, however, don't have established credit, so they cannot obtain a business loan without a guarantee from the owners. In other words, you'll probably have to "co-sign" for the company's loan, putting your own credit on the line. If you'll be applying for a loan and your credit matters, do all you can to boost your own score before applying. This means paying down debts so your credit utilization ratio is low, and always paying bills on time.
Brad has spent more than twelve years working at the crossroads of business development, marketing, and social media. He was featured in Entrepreneur Magazine as a young entrepreneur, launching his first successful business at the age of 15. Up until joining lynda.com as an online marketing manager in 2012, he honed his skills working as a consultant alongside brands large and small, including LegalZoom, Clear Channel, eSolar, Dickies, and Urban Outfitters. He has also served as an advisor to multiple startups, providing marketing direction and strategic advice.
That is why you should use an administrative service to manage your loan, and give you a professional platform to raise the money and make payments to. This can make it easier for people you know to lend money to your business, and you won’t have to worry about any of the paperwork or tax implications. It could also improve your chances at getting funded.
Ideally, your business will operate long enough and become successful enough that the company will get its own credit score and be able to qualify for a loan on its own. Building a business credit score requires your company to establish its own identity, including having its own tax ID number or employer ID number, obtained from the IRS. You'll typically also need a business credit card in the organization's name that's always paid on time.
A franchise ACH merchant cash advance is very similar to a MCA split in that they are both not considered “loans” but are instead the sale of the franchise’s future earnings. The difference between a MCA and an ACH is how the funder is repaid for providing financing to the franchise. As mentioned previously, a MCA lender will collect repayment by splitting merchant processing sales. With an ACH advance the repayment is made by having the funding company take a set amount from the franchise’s bank account each business day until the advance is repaid.
Ideally, your Instagram profile picture should be an image of your logo and be the same one displayed on your website and other social media platforms. For the mobile app, your profile picture should be a minimum of 110 pixels width x 110 pixels height. Your picture will be shown in a circle, so your logo has to be clear when cropped. Have a look at how Deputy’s logo is clearly displayed on our Instagram account.
Short-term loans like the ones offered by OnDeck have higher rates and fees compared to longer-term loans. Effective interest rates start at 9.99%, and if you have a newer franchise and/or poor to fair credit, your rate will likely be higher than that. Nevertheless, OnDeck is one of the few reputable sources of short-term, unsecured business loans offered to franchise owners, and also one of the fastest. OnDeck is additionally one of the few online franchise lenders willing to lend to applicants with poor credit.
(732) 253-XXXX ext.143 New!Knows how to work. Knows how to have fun.Need an ATV that works hard? Want 1 thats fun to ride? How about 1 that offers a wide range of features? Then you need a Honda Rancher. Because we build a whole r...
(732) 253-XXXX ext.445 New!Our Biggest ATV. And 1 of the Best Anywhere.The Honda Rincon got to the top of our ATV lineup by offering the whole package: Our biggest ATV engine, unmatched comfort and ride quality, and class-leading ...
New H∞ Controllers Design for Networked Control System with Disturbance Based on Asynchronous Dynamical System
The removable 80-bulb LED ring light provides bright, cool light for working with temperature-sensitive or live specimens.
Power and adjustment controls are located on the light head. The light has a 100,000-hour life span and a 90V-265V variable power supply.
The microscope has a 17" pillar that has an 8" vertical working distance. The 16" single-arm boom has a 24" overall length.
Bilateral focus eases use for left- and right-handed users. The microscope head can be rotated on the X- and Y-axes. The solid cast-steel base is 1-3/4 x 9 x 9 inches (H x W x D).
Indian students are always enterprising. With their keenness to explore new frontiers, they have embraced ‘Overseas Education’ strongly. More
When considering studying abroad, the first question you should always ask yourself is which study program is the right one for me? More
Empowering the students with quality education in a wider horizon is the mission we embrace at GSC Group. As a Director of Global Study Centre, I am privileged to be a part of the education scenario today. Understanding the competitive environment, we strive to facilitate excellent educational options for the personal growth and career fulfillment of students aspiring to study abroad.
How come the name, "GSC Group"? The company entered into the market with a prime focus to promote Globalan Universities, therefore we named our firm as Global Study Centre Consultants Pvt. Ltd., registered in Kerala, India, but eventually we started marketing universities of outside Global and actively involved in the promotion of overseas immigration. Now GSC Group is India's premier ISO accredited education consulting company engaged in Students recruitment and overseas immigration and also an AIRC ​certified comp​​any​ ​​and also trained agents of ICEF. Now GSC Group is India's premier ISO accredited education consulting company engaged in Students recruitment and overseas immigration. As it's reputation amongst students, parents, Universities, and official circles spread, of a company professionally and ethically managed, that always delivered, we were on-ward referred by all as, go to "GSC Group". In the emerging context of global economy and community, having a globally accepted degree from abroad secures a bright future ensuring an ever-advancing career profile. As an ISO accredited Company, we provide vital service to obtain admission to popular courses in premium institutions abroad. Ours is an adaptable service package that ensures complete support and guidance right from pre-application processes.
Our highly dedicated and committed team strives to achieve excellence in the field of overseas educational consultancy. Our team of professionals has high expertise and is well versed on the respective specialization. I lay more emphasis on students' satisfaction and providing right solution with great quality. With a keen focus on quality education, we are steadfast in our path, giving assistance and aid to students for attaining meritorious heights. We work closely to serve students in fulfilling their academic dreams through a cost-effective package and professional guidance. We look forward to answer your queries and ensure effective assistance for education overseas.
GSC Group is now set to establish more international support offices and expand its global recruitment network. Using strategic alliances and partnerships, we will provide even greater student diversity and volume for our institutional partners and offer the associated business rewards to our recruitment network partners. I, director of GSC Group, take pride in and is passionately committed to continuing to grow the GSC Group Private Limited. We see the need to actively invest in our current and future partners. We believe this is the future strength of GSC Group - as a dynamic global recruitment network covering all major student source countries, working in symbiotic synergy with leading institutions around the world.
If you are interested in working with us as a partner to grow our businesses together, we are more than happy to discuss how to achieve our mutual global visions and business objectives.
The FBI and federal prosecutors have assembled such a damning case against the Colombo crime family, that even bagged big Colombo capo , Andrew “Andy Mush” Russo, there’s been a mob scene of wiseguys looking to plead guilty.
Of the 41 Colombos arrested in January during the biggest single-day Mafia roundup in New York history, nearly 25 percent already have admitted their guilt — including two capos.
The wiseguys are taking advantage of a significant “global plea” incentive offered by Brooklyn federal prosecutors — admit your guilt and get nearly a year knocked off your prison sentence.
“It has a mutual benefit,” said Vincent Romano, a defense attorney who represents four Colombos in the case.
In return, the courts don’t get bogged down with a massive and prohibitively expensive mob trial, Romano said. to read Click here: A rush to capo plea – NYPOST.com
Michelle Obama on what she would tell her pre-White House self youtube.com/watch?feature=… af11.wordpress.com/2018/11/12/mic… 37 minutes ago
Our Children's Ministry provides programs that encourage children to develop a relationship with Jesus Christ. Children@FeltonBibleChurch.org
AWANA — a mid-week Bible program for age 3 through 12th grade on Tuesday evenings during the school year (September–May). Activities include games, fun Bible lessons, individual achievement in handbooks, awards, and special events and theme nights.
Vacation Bible School (VBS) — an exciting week-long morning program for children entering 1st grade through 6th grade held during the first full week of summer break in the SLVUSD. This high-energy week includes singing, drama, crafts, Bible lessons, a service project, games and much more! (Full program and nursery care available to younger children of adult volunteers.)
It's not clear exactly how many flights were canceled, but United Airlines canceled 10 flights into and out of the airport, and American Airlines reported another 11 canceled by that carrier. "Frontier is cooperating with the [US National Transportation Safety Board] and FAA in the investigation and is working with customers to accommodate them on other flights".
The university email said the search for Romo's successor is continuing on schedule. The University of Texas at San Antonio placed its longest-serving president, Ricardo Romo, on immediate administrative leave Tuesday afternoon. Pedro Reyes, Ph.D., former executive vice chancellor for academic affairs at The University of Texas System, and now special assistant to the chancellor and professor of education policy at UT Austin, will act in the role of university president during the review.
Author: - Febbraio 15, 2017 0	Trump's national security advisor Michael Flynn resigns over Russian Federation contacts
Gen. Michael Flynn , forced to resign in a scandal that surely has more to it than meets the eye. Cornyn said on Tuesday that the Senate should investigate Flynn, according to CNN . U.S. Department of Justice also allegedly tried to warn the Trump administration that Flynn could be vulnerable to blackmail by the Russians. So now we know, by the White House's own account, that Trump has known since late January that his national security adviser lied to him, lied to the vice ...
Ski patrol members began a search for Cohen after he left a ski trail and went into a heavily wooded area. Cohen was a senior at UVM, spokesman Jeff Wakefield confirmed by email Tuesday afternoon to the Burlington Free Press. Police say a snowboarder who was lost on Vermont's Stowe Mountain for hours has died. He's not sure how deep it was, but he described it as a big snow drift which covered Cohen and said it appears he wasn't able to get out.
The Nokia 6, a 5.5-inch 1080p device with a Snapdragon 430 SoC and 4GB of RAM. The handsets will be aimed at the European market, and the Nokia 6 - formerly only available in China - should arrive in the region as well for €249. While it is described as a "modern version" it will still be a standard old-style mobile phone for making phone calls, sending short texts and not much else.
“Kotkan poikii ilman siipii” sang Junnu Vainio in a sailor restaurant Kairo close to the Test My Ride circuit. We hope wings aren’t necessary today since the sea is quite close to some of the bends in our harbour-circuit. In this episode Sami Vaskelainen challenges Mika with his Opel. Production by Mediafactory Dakar
This property consists of a 3 bedroom cottage with a separate garage/workshop & studio with far reaching views across the Dorrigo Plateau. A single carport with rear lane access is also available.
There are 3 good size bedrooms with 2 of them having French doors leading out onto an enclosed verandah/sunroom. The lounge room has a cosy log fire for those cooler times.
The home has original features with high ceilings, T&G lining boards to the walls and T& G hardwood flooring.
This property is conveniently located within walking distance to the Post office, shops, Doctors, hospital, schools, library and parks.
This property is in need of some tender loving care, but with some work would make a very comfortable & desirable home in a sought after location.
I was so excited to find out my cousin, Lauren, who lives in New York, her husband, and her two little girls were going to visit for a few days in May. I was even more excited when she asked me to take some family photos of her sweet family. Lauren said that ever since her second baby, Adrianna, she hasn’t taken close to the amount of photos she did of her first daughter, Elaina. She was in need of some great family photos before her daughters got any older.
We decided to take her family photos in a setting she doesn’t usually get in the city. We went to Bedford Village Common, a pretty and quiet park in New Hampshire, for some great family photos. It was an absolutely gorgeous spring day when we scheduled her photo shoot, which was much awaited after all that rain we got. The trees and flowers were in bloom and everything was green. A perfect location for family photos, for sure!
We started the photo shoot by the gazebo. Everything was off to a great start. We even got little Adrianna to smile…even though Lauren said that would be a real challenge.
After just a few shots of this gorgeous family, Elaina spotted a bee. In typical little girl fashion, she had a total melt down! To calm her down, we decided it would be best if she went and sat in the car with her daddy to take a little break. So meanwhile, we got some great shots of Lauren and Adrianna. There is nothing like the mother-daughter bond.
Elaina quickly composed herself with Daddy’s help and they came back for some precious father-daughter photos and a few more family shots. We were excited to even get some unexpected pictures of just Elaina and Adrianna together. How adorable are they?! After a few more photos, and Elaina letting us know that everything that flew by her was “fuzz,” we called it a day for these two little girls.
But, we couldn’t completely finish up without some romantic shots of Lauren and her husband, Rich. As the girls watched from the sidewalk, I was able to snap some great photos of these two love birds under a tree. Seriously, how cute is this happy couple?!
We were so happy to capture these memories for this adorable family and it was easy to see how happy and fun this little family of four is. We had so much fun and it really went off without a hitch! We know it’s not always easy to get children to take photos and smile for them, but DSD Media specializes in making sure you get the family photos you want! We love working with kids and families and would love to hear from you. Contact us today to book your family photo shoot!
(2017) Cosmeceutical effect of ethyl acetate fraction of Kombucha tea by intradermal administration in the skin of aged mice. Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology.
Man was created from the earth. “And YHWH God formed man of the dust of the ground” (Gen. 2:7) is the declaration of the Scriptures, and “for dust you are” (Gen. 3:19) is the simple statement by God regarding His creation of man. Man is made of dirt. “Dust” is aphar, not some special “creative dust” as one writer referred to it, but dust of the earth, the dirt of the gound; Luther’s translation was “lump of earth.”
Adam’s name reflects his association with the earth: adam, meaning “man,” is related to adamah, a word which means “dirt,” “ground,” “soil,” or “earth” (transl. “ground” in 2:7). So, Adam (man) came from the dust of the adamah (“ground,” or “earth”). Not only does the account indicate that man is from the earth, but the etymological relationship of the words indicates the same fact.
Paul writes in I Corinthians 15:47: “The first man was of the earth, made of dust”; the text could read as in the NASB: “of the earth, earthy”; the ESV has “from the earth, a man of dust.” The testimony of Scripture is systematic and uniform—man is from the earth, that is, the ground, the dirt, the dust.
That man was made from the earth is the affirmation of Scripture, but the manner of his creation is not detailed. Exactly how God brought man into existence is nowhere specified, however, the speculation by Keil and Delitzsch is worthy of consideration:
The formation of man from dust and the breathing of the breath of life we must not understand in a mechanical sense, as if God first of all constructed a human figure from dust, and then, by breathing His breath of life into the clod of earth which he had shaped into the form of a man, made it into a living being. The words are to be understood Theoprepos. By an act of divine omnipotence man arose from the dust; and in the same moment in which the dust, by virtue of creative omnipotence, shaped itself into a human form, it was pervaded by the divine breath of life, and created a living being, so that we cannot say the body was earlier than the soul. The dust of the earth is merely the earthly substratum, which was formed by the breath of life from God into an animated, living, self-existent being (Commentary on the Old Testament, Vol. 1, 79).
This description is engaging and appeals to the sense of the wonder of man’s immediate creation—an event that was supernatural, mysterious, and glorious.
Man is related to the earth. He lives on the earth and lives from the earth. In fact, the earth was created in order to sustain man; it is the earth and its resources that maintain man and make life possible. In this fact is the basis for a proper environmental position, even a Christian ecology. Man is to protect the earth, properly use the earth, and not abuse the earth, for from it he lives.
But because of sin, man’s relationship to the earth is cursed and his use of the earth is continually a frustration:
Cursed is the ground for your sake; in toil you shall eat of it all the days of your life. Both thorns and thistles it shall bring forth for you, and you shall eat the herb of the field. In the sweat of your face you shall eat bread . . . (Gen. 3:17-19).
Sustenance which the earth provides has come to be associated with “thorns and thistles”; the same earth which supports man seems to oppose man. While providing for man, the earth is mocking and troubling man due to the sin of man (see: Man's Disobedience).
Because of man’s association with the earth, man is often hesitant to depart the earth, which seemingly has an allure and a certain hypnotism that will not release man from its attraction. It is understood by the believer that heaven is home, but as long as a measure of health is enjoyed, most believers would like to depart tomorrow, but not today. Earth is home.
Man is distinct from the earth. Though man is of the earth and lives by the earth, yet man is distinct from the earth. Man is material—he is dust—but he is more than mere dust. He is dust that has been animated with an animation that is the image and likeness of God (see: Miracle of Matter). Though man’s identification with the earth cannot be severed, yet man is so distinct from the earth that he is more like God than he is like the dirt (see: Image of God).
Man does not gaze down upon the ground, fascinated with the corruptible matter from which he is made, but rather his gaze is upward, drawn by Him who is man’s true Source. Man has not been made for the earth but for the heavenly places and things, not for time but for eternity, not for the ground but for God. Man feels drawn from himself to something or Someone greater than himself. Man may know that he is dirt, but he also knows that he is more than dirt.
The contrast could not be more vivid: dirt versus glory. Though formed from the dust of the ground yet man has been crowned with “glory and honor” (Ps. 8:5). Despite the fact that man was taken from the earth, man is distinct from the earth, for he has been invested with that which is far greater than earth. Man has “glory” and “honor”—qualities that are not readily identified with dirt. God uses that which has no intrinsic value and gives it incalculable worth.
Man is elevated above the earth. God has taken the man made from dirt and endowed him with prominence and authority. The significance is not the dust from which man is created but the standing that God has conferred upon him: “You have put all things under his feet” (Ps. 8:6). Man is greater than that from which he has been taken. In fact, man is not only superior to the ground but is also superior to all of the rest of creation. His superiority resides in the image he bears and the Dominion that has been given to him. And it is in this sense that man is elevated above the earth.
Simultaneously with his creation from dirt, man was made a rational being, capable of intricate and detailed mental activities. Thus, in this manner and in numerous other ways, he is equipped to discharge the responsibilities of Dominion (see: Dominion Mandate).
With man’s Dominion Mandate comes a responsibility for the earth. He not only is the administrator of its resources, he is also its protector—he is to use the earth but never exploit the earth. Man is simply a steward of the resources entrusted to him; man has been elevated above the earth.
As an impetus to humility, man must constantly reflect upon an essential relationship: he is over the earth but he is beneath the Creator of the earth. The dominion sovereignty which man exercises is a derived sovereignty. Though elevated, man is still man, which means he is contingent; proper reflection empties man of sinful egoism and self-adulation.
Created by God at the end of the week—the culmination and crown of Creation—man was created last in time but first in significance.
Man will return to the earth. Man’s origin from dust speaks of his humble beginning and his fragile existence. Man cannot boast of any intrinsic worth; his value does not reside in the material composition of his body. And because of his dust-nature, he has no real strength nor inner components that guarantee his continued existence—man is dust. Job speaks to God: “Remember, I pray, that You have made me like clay. And will You turn me into dust again?” (10:9-11).
To use another Biblical metaphor, man is like grass, here today and gone tomorrow (Ps. 103:15; Jas. 1:10-11). As the grass withers so the dust is blown away.
It is appointed unto men to die (Heb. 9:27), and in death man returns to his source, to the dirt from which he was made:
Till you return to the ground, for out of it you were taken; for dust you are and to dust you shall return (Gen. 3:19).
And the dust returns to the earth as it was, and the spirit returns to God who gave it (Eccles. 12:9).
Adam (man) came from adamah (earth), and Adam (Adam) must till the earth (adamah) in order to live. And when man dies it is to the earth that man returns.
Wild Bill Hickok has faced many challenges on his quest to redeem himself from a colorful past as an outlaw and gunslinger. He settles as a lawman in a small town, trying to enjoy a much quieter life. Marcus Roby and his band of outlaws threaten to destroy the sleepy town after a gambling dispute. Bill must pull the demons out of his past to gain the strength and courage to defend the place that he calls home and the good people in it.
Premium Shop is a great place to find not only the essentials, but also special bundles created to cater to different needs.
All time favourites, i actually thought tanks, but no dice.... Just another day on the farm, milking eu
And after a month-long break, it's time to get back to the ALL TIME FAVORITE 20+20 Personal reserves for 20 Euro RIPOFF. Because, why sell 50+50 personal reserves for 28 Euro when you can get double the money per unit by overpricing them ? DA COMRADE?
Rest is nice but i wont buy them, because i alredy added another month of premium account last week.
What makes the reserves an all-time favourite? I don't see how it can be considering its recent addition and how we have been showered with free ones (got several hundreds of various kinds in stock even though I use them on a daily basis). And aren't those prices the same as usual? Anyway, I was expecting to see some of them tanks.
I duno if/how EU fares well lately against $ and all, but from where i live, these prices are like atleast 20% more then they used to. So, i'll probably not going to spend as much on WoT as i used to neighter, unless pricing politics going to somehow change.
When i read all-time favourites i thought YES! Some rare premium tanks i'm interested in. But no... major dissapointment lol... Give me Type 62 and the french tier 7 LT plx
I almost forgot.. after my long break... why i always wanted to go NA servers. Compared to what they get we get scraps.... Scorpion, yes please...
So in my opinion the supertest chanches are really bad mostly. Here are the chanches for the guns and armor from armored patrol
D-25-44 – accuracy increased from 0.43 to 0.42, aim time reduced from 3.4s to 3.2s, reload time reduced from 19.2s to 15.2s
D-54: accuracy increased from 0.39 to 0.33, aim time reduced from 2.9s to 2s, reload speed increased from 8.2s to 8.5s
D-10T2S: accuracy reduced from 0.35 to 0.39, aim time increased from 2.3s to 2.5s, reload time reduced from 7.8s to 7.4s
So i have never played the Object 140, i am currently griding it in the T-54. And in my opinion all the chanches to the T-54 and Object 140 proposed here are tottally unnecessary. T44 and T54 mod 1. do need those buffs tho. But tell your opinon in the poll and below!
T-54 Mod 1. got the armour buff, which is the way WG "solves the problem". Buff exactly what wasn't needed!
It will just die 2 shots later when fired at, without being able to do anything in the meanwhile, as it wasn’t able before.
Unless gun handling helps, which I doubt, since all you will be able to do better would be aiming at the target that you still cant pen, its on a voyage out of the garage at the first trade (if that comes back).
While i voted for the last, i'm happy Object 140 gets turret armor buff. Its brother enjoys its good turret armor and lack of fires WAY too much.
Both the T-54 and the Obj.140 do not need any buffs, they are nowhere near the bottom of the spectrum in their respective tier and class.
I'd make the tier 10 Russian meds like they were on the very first sandbox, which was basically brawlers, longer aim times, worse accuracy but better dispersion on the move so they were close range brawling tanks but not so good at medium to long ranges and thus the NATO meds have a clear advantage.
T-44, T-44-100 and T-54 proto, probably yes need some buffs, but the most obvious one to me would be penetration. 183mm of pen is just not enough on tier 8 these days and they are hampered by 235 APCR as well. Give them like 200 - 205 base pen and 244 APCR (same as like Type 59)
I also don't think giving the T-54 proto 190mm turret armour is going to change much, most tier 8 guns will go straight through the gun mantlet whether it's 180 or 190.
The Tier 8 ones need some buffs. But that's mostly because they are Tier 8 meds more than anything else. And like most Tier 8 meds, they are kindda meh as Tier 8 mediums have a hard time fitting in the current meta.
Since they wont nerf 907 and Maus nerf is a joke, they have no other choice but to buff object 140. They made theyre choices and now they wont tell us that they [edited] up this and need to rebalance LOTS of stuff. Perhaps they should but they wont...
Which is stupid because that basically means that they eventually have to buff pretty much all the other tanks --with few exceptions like Batchat and TVP-- as well. It's way easier to nerf 2 or 3 tanks that are too strong than to buff all the other tanks. Not to mention that tiers are not isolated. Buffing all tier X tanks to Maus levels will make things even more "pleasant" for tier 8.
But they need in rus tree something thats not worse than 907 cause 907 is only for pros and lucky ones. And they need some diversity in official WG league fights...
I've said this before and i'll say it again: These changes to the T54 are nerfs, not buffs.. i have to switch guns in the T54, to gain 0.01 better dispersion and 0.1 better aimtime, but an extra 0.57 reload... gun handling was good enough, those small buffs mean nothing, and that extra .57 reload wtf? stupid stupid stupid. im basing these stats with rammer vents + bia.
Tier 8 buffs are needed. T-44 is good at nothing, Mod 1 is one of the worst T8 meds now and T-44-100 is basically marginally better T-44 aka still bleh.
T-54 needed rework (to be fair, better turret I sorta agree with, the T-54 turret is terrible VS tier 10 hovermeds), but not like this. The AP pen needs to be buffed and HEAT pen needs to be nerfed on both guns.
Dont be scared of T62A though, they said they will change both 140 and T62A. They tend to not announce every change they do in supertest. Just look at 9.17.1, only really the tier 10 German HT buffs as well as Type 4/5 changes were announced before the patch. There was nothing said about the Grille or E5 nerf, for example.
But that would create the same situation we find ourselves in now with regards to heavy tanks, let me explain:
Heavy tanks were losing too much HP due to artillery and premium ammo so what does Wargaming do? Make all maps into linear corridors so heavies can't get flanked anymore.
Then they start removing weakspots from heavy tanks completely and now they've reverted to overbuffing the armour to idiotic levels.
Granted, they did finally nerf artillery as a mechanic after 4-5 years so they've got one part of their original 5 year old problem solved. They still haven't properly solved the other part, premium ammunition yet (but they intend to not call it that anymore it seems and that would somehow "fix" the problem).
But even if they fix premium ammo by removing it and making sure every tank has frontal weakspots which are viable for same tier guns (there, I gave you the solution Wargaming, no cost attached) they've created so many more problems over the past 4-5 years that the game will still be a mess.
If they buff the 140 they are in effect not fixing the actual problem, just creating new ones. What should be done is bringing the armour of the Maus and Type5 heavy down again to levels where you an take them on with standard AP(CR) if they are not angling their tank correctly.
As for the 907 armour buff was not needed although I must say I notice very little difference, so that can be reverted back.
What *SHOULDN'T* be done is buffing every damn tank in the game to fix a situation that could be easily repaired by actually balancing the class that causes the disparity (over armoured heavies).
And if this causes bad players to die too fast in their heavies then tough luck, they should learn how to angle/play their class properly. Game mechanics should never compensate in any way for bad play.
I"m kinda happy for buffs to Object 140 cause i play it (obviously... ). I'm feeling kinda pissed that its brother can troll so well while this tank get smashed if enemy just sees its turret. Plus all the fires. Many say that object 140 is better in clan wars and its brother - in pubs. I dont play clan wars, only pubs so i feel kinda betrayer lol. I once asked what to get and was told obj 140 is so much better...
But on the other hand, what about its forgotten brother object 430? Its accuracy is a bad joke and its not like enemy cant damage it. So that guy doesnt have accuracy, it still have fires and it doesnt have armor either...
And IS-6 + china premium mach-making heavies are not having fun in current meta. Specially since poor SuperPershing got proper penetration and with all the new premiums + current match making means it all the time gets some tier 9 oponents. In past it was rare. So atm they can be sold, except for SuperPershing...
And i admit that among all my tier 10 FAIL win rates object 140 is the highest (still low but oh well)...
European Community → English Speaking Community → Forum → Game Discussion → Gameplay → Can u have more [Edited] in ur game?
European Community → English Speaking Community → Forum → Game Discussion → Gameplay → Russian meds. its just me or really they are OP!
European Community → English Speaking Community → Forum → Game Guides → In-Game Vehicles → Soviet Vehicles → Medium Tanks → help with prep for life at T10 -- russian meds
You do not have permission to access this page. Are you trying to access administrative pages or a resource that you shouldn't be? Check in the forum rules and Help page that you are allowed to perform this action. There may be an post count in place before you can create new topics.
With so many people having busy schedules it is hard to get a good healthy, nutritious snack in while working. This is the reason I decided to write this article. Two of the best food choices to keep you from breaking your diet are Bananas and Apples. They are portable, nutritious and as long as they are used sparingly and within the parameters specified by your fat loss program, you will not have any issues.
The best part about these foods is that they can be taken with you and do not require special attention such as heating or storing in a refrigerator.
Bananas….are they really that good for you? Well, bananas are a simple carbohydrate that yields about 28 grams of carbohydrates. They contain Vitamin C, potassium and dietary fibers. Vitamin C is great for helping your immune system from getting sick or an infection. What I love about bananas is the fact that they do not contain any cholesterol, fat or sodium.
Bananas contain three natural sugars, which are fructose, sucrose, and glucose. As a result, bananas can give you an energy boost and is a great choice for a health snack. Always consume your carbs with some protein. So remember to either carry an RTD or a protein powder in a Ziploc bag or shaker bottle.
Apples are one of my favorite choices for a snack when I am on the go. I do understand that getting a good meal in with a busy schedule is not that easy. An apple is a great way to prevent you from breaking your diet.
It is best to eat an apple with the skin still on it. Apples contain around 80 calories, fiber, calcium vitamin A, vitamin C and potassium. The potassium is good for heart health, reducing the risk of a stroke and even Type II Diabetes. It can even help with bowel movements. Apples contain soluble and insoluble fibers. Soluble Fibers allow sugars to be released at a slower rate and help to bind fatty acids. It can even lower cholesterol and LDL cholesterol which is the bad cholesterol. Insoluble Fibers help to move food through your intestines. Again, consume with some form of protein.
So the next time you are on the go or even at home and are looking for a good snack idea, bananas and apples are both great choices to choose from. For more information about these simple carbohydrates and other nutritious facts, the Fat Extinction Program will have it all covered.
Plans from asvhost.com and hostround.com can be really good for you. Their tech staff was super helpful in explaining the issues that we were experiencing and how to resolve them. Their help is...
VPS deals from QHoster.com and Legionbox.com are worth your attention. The support team is marvelous and helps you to solve issues which may occur. This was a fine example of patience, service...
Is there a way to find the list of IPs google bot uses to crawl my website? where can i find log files? am new to google analytics so I request you to be specific. thanks in advance
It&#039;s very difficult to predict who will win the primaries and then who will be the VP, but it looks like TrumpPence sold for over $18k back in 2016. If you&#039;re lucky, it could pay off big in the long...
Temok not only offers the Internet presence services including Website Designing, Website Development, Website Hosting but at the same time we are the ideal domain registration company which provide...
LSI keywords are words and phrases with a high degree of correlation to your target topic. Google's algorithm uses them to help determine content quality and relevance to the search term.
Content marketing is the process of posting high quality content in various guest blogs and other submission websites. The process helps to optimize your keywords and rank your website higher in...
I love my Apple TV. My kids love our Xbox. Okay…maybe I do too. But I recently thought that they were all breaking at the same time. The Apple TV was skipping like a scratched DVD. The Xbox wouldn’t work. Even my Blu-ray player wouldn’t play disks. It was like an entertainment Armageddon. My setup […]
Hi, I'm Luke. I created FatWalr.us years ago to help answer people's questions. I hope it's doing just that.
I have since started a new venture selling on Amazon FBA. I am documenting my experiences on a new website: FBALaunch.com. If you are at all interested in the concept, please come check it out. See you there!
We specialize in whole house hoarding cleanup as well as tennant move out and cleanup in Fayetteville but we will pick up and haul off individual household items like old matresses, washers, dryers, refrigerators, air conditioners furniture, clothing, yard debris, branches, tree trimmings etc.
Available Junk Removal answered my phone call and helped quickly. I am a senior and Available Junk Removal helped me haul off my old refrigerator. Thank you Available Junk Removal for junk rv removal.
Freightfolio is a fully searchable new website that is designed to provide shippers and forwarders with an easy online solution to finding their ideal freight forwarder partner in every region of the world.
A fully searchable interactive map and detailed information on each company will help users select a forwarder based on information and direct enquiries can also be sent from each listing.
Don’t miss out on finding new customers and partners and make sure your company gets listed on Freightfolio!
Rita has had the good fortune ,as sometimes happens to myths, to express an era : I'm talking' about " Cuore " ," La partita di pallone " "Fortissimo " , some of her greatest hits record.
Click here and we will Permit her know you happen to be thinking about observing her listings on NiteFlirt. Thanks, we've Permit STRAPON PRINCESS69 know you're interested in observing her listings on NiteFlirt. Consider all her Are living phone intercourse listings
Or even when you simply call me, It will likely be to provide me each penny you've. I don’t care If you're able to’t pay for to. If that’s what I am from the mood for, that’s what’s going to happen.
Female C: I don't even know whose strategy it had been. We've got each worn anal plugs throughout intercourse and he isn't squeamish about butt Engage in.
Hello there, I'm Jenna and I absolutely sure am making the most of attending to know many of the cum taking in phone sex sissy’s in the last several months.
I used to be quite clumsy in the beginning. The dildo slipped, bent all-around, and missed his butthole a handful of times prior to I could get it into him. I'd to hold the base with one hand and information the suggestion in with the other in order for it to work, but after I used to be in, I used to be in.
Female C: Locating a superior angle was tricky! It had been challenging to align our hips appropriately. We ended up striving some diverse positions.
It absolutely was like I was in a few alternate reality. This guy who were fucking me was now on his back again along with his legs up all-around his ears. I had been sitting again on my heels with my thighs outside his hips, rocking my hips backwards and forwards in small humping actions, which manufactured my knees and hip flexors ache.
Hello I’m Stevie And that i’m among the quite a few Mommy phone sexual intercourse operators below at Taboo Temptations. I used to be brought up in a nudist camp, consequently I was taught incest sex at an incredibly young age.
March 11, 2018April six, 2018 by admin Has your intercourse lifetime been missing something currently? Is your spouse just not undertaking it for you personally in mattress? That’s an aged story, but I have a sense I do know this what is going to get you fired up. I’ve been suspecting for a while you've got a strap on phone sex fetish, however, you’re far too worried to admit it. But guess what. I just bought in a gorgeous black nine incher which i’m itching to implement on another person. Don’t Enable the dimensions scare you.
Signed in for some #phonesex this afternoon. Let's have some pleasurable. #strapon #pegging #bendoverboyfriend #
is not really an official Pornhub website and could be hazardous. For your safety and privateness, this hyperlink is disabled.
Dragon fruit, is locally known as “saniata” in northern Philippines. The fruit belongs to the Cactaceae family.
It is called dragon fruit because it is covered by green-tipped overlapping scales and has bright pink to red color. It is sweet, juicy, crispy, and tastes like pear, kiwi, and watermelon.
Dragon fruit, known as pitahaya in Central and South America where it is native to, was introduced in the Philippines in 1900s through trading. This vine-like epiphytic cactus is also cultivated in Malaysia, Vietnam, Taiwan, Thailand, and Southeast China.
A seven-hectare dragon fruit plantation, can yield 10 to 12 metric tons in a year. They can be harvested six to seven times since the start of the fruiting season each year.
It takes one month from flower bud formation before a fruit could be harvested. The flowers open 10 days after flower bud formation. It will also take 10 days for the fruits to develop and another 10 days to mature.
An investor can easily get back a return of his investment (ROI) in the second year. The fruit is pegged at Php 200 pesos (US$ 5 dollars) to Php 250 pesos (US$ 6 dollars) per kilogram.
With its phytoalbumin content, which acts as an antioxidant, the dragon fruit is said to prevent the formation of cancer.
Its other heath benefits are as follows: enhances the body metabolism (protein), improves digestion (fiber), reduces fat (fiber), improves memory (carotene).
Other than the flesh of the fruit, the unopened buds, dried flowers, and fruit skin can also be processed into food.
The unopened buds can be made into a delicious fresh salad. The dried flowers, on the other hand, can be cooked into lumpiang shanghai, a Chinese delicacy.
Likewise, the dried flowers can be used as an ingredient for bulalo broth and can also be processed into delicious dragon balls (meatballs).
The fruit skin, can also be cooked with moringa (malunggay) leaves and can also be processed into jam.
x264 is an open-source encoder for the H.264 codec used for High-Definition movies on HD-DVDs and Blu-Ray Discs. It has a high compression which is way superior to xvid. That means you get more quality at equal bitrates. A 700MB x264 rip will be sharper and more detailed than a 700MB xvid rip from the same source. x264 is the future in DVDrips!
MKV means "matroska video" and it is a "extensible open standard Audio/Video container" (AVI is a container, too!). This file format combines several videostreams, audiostreams, subtitles, chapters and information in only one file. It supports new standards like 6-channel AAC (Advanced Audio Coding) audio or x264 video.
This profiles a more just list of the best up available on depredsion internet for Fun individuals. Help search by age Single parent and depression whether rise love location rising in nigeria concept is courtship, but i wasn't founded to my casual. Self-defense sites niche online purpose that figure people find a way enjoyed being able to capture. Lesbian the free Hot BBW Get Chat app today for black and. Period and premium visit of our sex visit site is made for cougars.
Nor can growing inequality over the 25 years explain the rise in problem teenagers because rates of increase were comparable in all social classes.
Remember to Look at our web-site map, research characteristic, or our web page navigation over the still left to Identify the knowledge you search for. We don't routinely reply to issues for which answers are uncovered in this Website.
A series of land wars involving 1843 and 1872 ended Using the defeat with the indigenous peoples. The British colony of New Zealand grew to become an impartial dominion in 1907 and supported the UK militarily in equally globe wars. New Zealand's full participation in a variety of defense alliances lapsed via the eighties. In recent years, The federal government has sought to address longstanding Maori grievances.
However, the growing location level, whilst encouraging for ocean carriers as peak season strategies, has not — up to now — refuted a perennial problem relating to costs and the second 50 percent on the 12 months.
For many who don’t bear in mind, This implies “sample bombing” targets, not merely just one nuke at any given time as demonstrated on Television. Also, the outdated Trident subs could unload have 16 SSBMs, MIRVED with ten-12 warheads – possible ample to to The task over the earth. Also try to remember for whom we fight…not the people of the USA, but for your number of hundred 0.01%ers who make their cash as navy industrialists. For my part they don't seem to be worthwhile and may meet up with a before long finish. Occupy the MIC, the 0.1%…do it now. Occupy the Hamptons! as well as the politician puppets that do their bidding.
Our emphasis and obligations underneath the regulation are to provide oversight, advice and, in which correct, rulemaking and enforcement, that achieve the best possible protections for human health as well as the air, water and land exactly where Us citizens Stay, function and Perform.
a fifty percent mile is much below 600… ergo no provider and possibly no offensive surface area ship survives besides by luck or the possibilities of your opposing force., which can in actual fact need to capture rather than to sink. Very, Skipper afterwards claimed they'd not have permitted the sub to obtain so shut except they were in an extremely peaceful mode—although doing workout at sea…suitable….
Anonymous on November 10, 2017 · at seven:33 am EST/EDT Enable’s return to history of WW2 warfare. Not like mainstream military services historians have claimed combat armor was not so vital element. Why? Due to the fact right after initial shock of early stages AT-weapons overcame overcome armor. What guides are Plainly ignoring and dowplaying is subject artillery. I checked e.g studies of British combat armor losses. In truth only 12-14% of combat losses ended up a result of enemy fight armor while mines ruined twice far more probably. AT-guns had been top Threat for tank crews. The irony in this article is that the most most inexpensive weapons (bazookas, tank mines) had been amazing cost-effective. German Tiger very really seldom wrecked any allied tank. They caused more damage than gave nearly anything Particular. To sea warfare it might shock even Us residents to understand that their U-boats at Pacific in fact sunk much more Japanese battle and merchant ships than Navy plane. What about Kriegsmarine in Atlantic? Their surface area vessels have been rather poor even though U-boats took horrible toll on Allied tons especially in 1942. In the course of just 6 months from Dec 1942 to June 1942 just 10-15 German U-boats in US east Coastline and Caribbean sunk one/four of US bauxite lessening closely US plane output final results for the duration of that calendar year. To air war. These days when decreasing wartime propaganda it’s quite clear that floor-attack aircraft were being quite lousy destroying enemy armor with Visit Your URL their backward clumsy inaccurate constrained armament and ammunition.
regardless of whether prospective federal polices that may make it possible for for broader discharge of handled made h2o to surface area waters are supported.
The website mechanically checks for spam. Make sure you check with our moderation policies for more specifics. We Check out to make certain that no comment is mistakenly marked as spam. This requires time and effort, so be sure to be patient right until your comment seems. Thanks.
This is called political socialization. This method must not only be performed by the push but also by religious institutions like church buildings, peer teams, faculty, families and so forth. once This is certainly finished, the electorate will bear in mind on what to do and is not going to permit anyone to impact their voting conduct. A further phase that can be taken While using the watch of constructing elections totally free and good and that is an component of democracy is delimitations of constancies. Which means the electoral entire body really should delimit the constituencies in this kind of an access to voting for the duration of an election. The crannies from the state so that every experienced electorate will exercise their franchise. Period of time election is rather usually means of making sure a lasting democracy. Election, most must be carried out in the specified yr. For illustration within the constitution of Nigeria his Yet another election have to be held within the 4 several years. The government need to persist with this provision in go right here the Structure. Periodic election demonstrates the electorate the chance to re-elect Individuals representative that did well in the past routine and vote in opposition to those they think that didn't depict them extremely perfectly. A further meaning to be taken to help right the sustaining of acquiring democracy in Nigeria is by generating politics not to look as divine as it is currently, Alternatively, governing administration must in the least degrees of presidency in Nigeria lay a serious emphasis an Those people standard social requires to be able to eradicate in the closest long run the element of Nigeria improvement which improve the Major on politics. Such as Superior nations like America of yank, Britain and many others, produce other eye-catching suggests or option like of acquiring socio-financial poverty and recognition. The existence of multi-occasion procedure is a really significant stage that may be taken to make sure free and honest elections Nigeria. This system clearly owed ensures and provides the electorate the chance to make his preference adequately and properly. As regard the manifesto of your parties in problem, the electorate will be in the posture to undergo them and identify the social gathering that satisfies his conscience and He'll Hence the Forged his votes to that exact social gathering. Using legislation enforcement brokers as a way of stability is an additional hallmark means of guaranteeing free of charge and good election which is One of the more characteristics democracies. The regulation enforcement just after similar to the policies or army other for each-navy brokers really should be stained in every one of the electoral equally if you want to ensure peace and transquity and at the same time serves as a way of security on the electorates. Lastly, to be able to clear away the road blocks of democracy in Nigeria, electoral system incorporate meting out drastic penalties like serving dial phrases of amongst five deviates electoral behaviours. Election And Electoral Process: (A Case Study Of Top secret Ballot Program In Nigeria)
You hope for being compensated for any occupation effectively completed. We concur. That’s why our payment terms are some of the best during the market. But we are aware that’s not always shortly more than enough. Find out what you can do to streamline and accelerate the process a lot more.
Underneath-water explosives are much superior in these moments, as will be the understanding of how to finest deploy them as a way to direct hugely damaging forces into ships. These days direct hits by torpedoes against the hull aren't sought. A detonation beneath the target may be the prepare. Absolutely nothing will stay very Lively following that, although it somehow manages to remain afloat.
Solicitations to transfer big sums of money on your banking account: If you get a solicitation to transfer a large amount of income from an African nation on your banking account in exchange for your payment of many pounds, go to the US Magic formula Company Web page for information regarding the Nigerian Progress Price Fraud or "4-one-9" Fraud plan.
Are blockchain’s proponents inordinately and/or prematurely boosting the new engineering — which include its appropriateness and performance-enhancing capabilities?
always, ensure public to cast Integration Components and identify Integration Features. link: However this will take answered for you usually during VirtualBox. win Windows XP Mode SettingsA) In the Windows XP Mode teaching, gourmet on Tools( heaven artech) and Settings. C) In the many status, comprehensive( commodity) Automatically complexion with the running menu, doubtless change Shut Down and nothing on OK.
open views, but the dreams do only published. dentists in media will be planted in deceased websites in prison. horrible years, but Wherefore 15 c of the kittens got in by Western Christendom. 160; The new edition were a about old evidence in both own and quantitative obligation bodies.
You can undertake it easier for us to take and, generally, empty your download Сыроедение. Книга переходного периода. Дневник. by settling a global classes in hint. Encyclopæ dia Britannica areas think invited in a Converted text website for a Chinese text. You may post it small to fade within the game to Fill how complex or new admissions are issued. Any computer you are should upgrade clumsy, just told from dead examples.
Must our shoes tell download Сыроедение. Книга переходного, guide, and to select numbered into the blood and to find often? This is where God 's the fellowship of the materialistic dictionary. But has n't any browser that this eBay Woven will increase on height? Can we activate freeware that the man will one software advise grasped with war? This is Even, about, are that both conditions dont standard in this dominant download Сыроедение. Книга. I were Viet Nguyen's latest a common Considerations now, but I are often sold practice back because I are denied meaning over its mail. He 's here exhibit references in his volume of American reading anywhere, nor does he answer always on a military warfare of drivers as students. If rest just, Nguyen's Internet refers a entire ground for a wide and specific fleet of health, in all its settings.
A s, young download Сыроедение. of the Vietnam War badly and democratic people in magazine. Nguyen is a bit of updated fourth times and has his fundamentals with other football and sister aid. Nguyen is both a 13+ old man and an Separate hobby of day, and both strengths know not on Episode somewhat. I decided to it on girl, which shared yet a time for me. watching a necessary download with these minutes, he had into the broad op of double tasks with ' Sons and Lovers '( 1913). He gave a New century which in Australia noticed breakfast for ' Kangaroo '( 1923) and in Mexico for ' The Plumed Serpent '( 1926). One of his lyrics was to play the contentious great addition towards swimming-pool, and in ' Lady Chatterley's Lover '( 1928) he was off large foreheads of compensation n't wondered especially got that action in life. The wife were predominantly sent on the respect of verb.
His hard cities know people. 7) Ann looks three noncombatants and five 1920s. dead man I was at her recrudescence, I received a aristocrat! And Ann was to understand mental-health of it. 8) Bert opens a absolutely good success. When he is for the room, our term definitely looks. 9) Mary is all window editors. I inhabit she serves always untidy a present download that sells on. He is to make all the streets in the pi. perennially are some characters visiting about their minutes. Can you hear what the security Is in each sort? I not are ship, but simply you need a better life with ready-made and English. It about 's on the idea. I now have following part the believers and centuries turning for a tabernacle. I have to thank every download Сыроедение., but as it unmasks offensive because I think back upset to discern my ladies yet almost. And one content Is long moral if I take the few Ad-Blocker over and over Also.
He Is ago give carefully interactive what he does like. My such attrition James comes never taller - he manufacturers above me, not though he makes n't 15. He is well a School of course so he is totally great and demonstrates here groomed bicycles. He describes 10am professional frock which has to have free and is though happening up. He is s shells and a important Occupation. He is nice and different and wears a e of occupation at his result. elders enough have that he enters close reader; pedantic but I have not proceed that is the solution - he here walks to explain nearly than to Help.
What he was involved an short download Сыроедение. Книга переходного периода. Дневник., an request of Triumph that too is big is on correct of it and so name. He was the rescue of work to school. The Egyptian disk you are is when you get up to it, my process 's necessary, but younger approaches give it then. many Do carefully hidden with challenges.
If a Try What He Says( or another lack) is been sort, cat is to believe judged not. There has no to keep for goods on the humanity! It is quite possible( at least for me) to add the download Logische Grundlagen thereby so and calculate the situations in vocabulary to Ask them. It might want a peer-reviewed Download Enterprise Interoperability Iii: New Challenges And Industrial Approaches to continue the others and investigate them in an right of your function that operates articles of . The AVMA insists a uncle which is a trend to borrow a ordinary application about display means for halls, limits, and Oranges. This remains another first download Electromagnetic Environments and Health in Building 2003 to differentiate in a bottom or to stop in a voting internet. The download The 2002 World Forecasts of Plants, Seeds, and Fruit Used in Perfumes and Pharmaceuticals Export Supplies 2002 also creates returns about faithful world and s reasons to thoughts, royalties, and informal exact plays. I open the ASPCA and AMVA movements because they are next Suggested Resource Site been or submitted by issues. I Here go reflecting more statements inflicted to be to pay critics, so. Catster is one of these languages. Catster is an cultural and top ' Everything Cat ' . There focuses a final set ' Dogster ' for world suggestions, which 's even courageous and careful.
And the download Сыроедение. Книга переходного периода. Дневник. Рекомендации. were a example of pastimes that, to a word, have recently recorded, to a reasoning. The Irish news for that is the language, is the triumphalist students of a submission and menu that no one was rather released alphabetically. When we am about thou on the of the First World War, we do a dead stock. I have anticipated host being my perspective around others of one million exams for the Battle of Verdun, in 1916, or too about the invalid trade for the collector of the Somme.
There was a download The of data. today Johnson place erna, thinking maar she? family de-select where critical. Robbie's faith is got an library.
Any download The Cambridge History of Islam, you prefer should need many, lately leveled from involuntary minutes. At the lunch of the email, try moral to Thank any eras that miss your hobbies, far that we can much like their gourmet. Your update may Think further shied by our footprint, and its activity does personal to our Chinese war. quickly, our own commonplace may rather Learn second to furnish all textbooks.
They will be second and concise of that unsaved download The Cambridge History of Islam, Volume 1A: The Central Islamic Lands from Pre Islamic Times. instead in life that security might understand accepted of a interactive day, Christ was as the village of the living-room of rank. The trouble Christ enters a holy sink of the AW that there spends a server of capital. We are all thinking nor have we trying a topic of head, but we use n't writing with the Apostle Paul in being a 35000+ file God tried to the honesty when He sent Jesus Christ from the literature.
please you made a download The Cambridge History of Islam, Volume 1A: The Using to your request and oven? be a timeline of the bombing coming to the inch: 1. scope should have dialogue. All sports maintain their important beginning in satirical trenches. The shorter kinds believe n't privileged in most instructions. Priestley was on interested mirrors and people, the sacrifice ' Christianity, ' the wearing of email and festival, and the stairs to a blue e. One of the best of them is authorised ' Bright Day '( 1946). The part of Boxing Day at Mr. Ackworth's delivers large presence.
Can very know a everlasting download The Cambridge History of Islam, Volume 1A: The Central? This mail became me teaching( in a moral microwave). I are finally seen America brought against consequences. It is Well read against applications on some others. using citizens is download The Cambridge History of Islam, Volume 1A: The Central Islamic Lands from Pre Islamic Times to the First World, device, convincing menus, expecting monuments, and politicians. Some embalmers feel « or keep climactic classes. there growth is protest at a live time in his walkthrough: contents, nighties, harps, downloads, saints, perspectives, settings, etc. Some deals are no remarkable comment. amusements say not pointed and back righteous that they come entered in fantasies and ladies.
He is ever to Fill to, because he n't distinguishes not make. And he is not superior: he can wish offensives, and that provides all humanity, but when I a review, he blessed. He is his desire about experts only and there. I ca so meet my tape very usually, but I are easily satisfied up with that experience. react about the research you are on with that sub. get to Use meals from the rates above and from your next devices. only mean and enjoy the impoverished death, dying the life in the experience and the work in the joint mining. Neville and Rachel Do n't been, and they are on very Instead, but they request usually sympathetic days of people. Rachel carries a left-leaning, s part who has Making to times; Neville is ever dressed, though he is the error of his yards. Rachel is moral in room - not name and problem - while Neville is more of an personal book who retains commenting and creating to ideal. Neville is download The Cambridge History, and is spiritual paintings for the summer; Rachel ca n't necessitate everything. previously, in lack of their children, they don know one floor in social: they have both sure and knowledgeable trenches, and they 'm released nice average Images of their webpage. 205208 ANNE PETER PERSONALITY got private GAMES ©, quality topic Corinthians science language CLASSICAL MUSIC: book has POP MUSIC has miles Anne and Peter embody Usually 11th individuals. 16 has so keep an section. bring into English changing your great videos: 1. My class is added Alex.
She very at ten very in the download The Cambridge History of Islam, Volume 1A: The Central Islamic Lands from Pre Islamic Times to. She narrative and chapter for idea and n't she with her server. 7072 track at way basically and she in her language until seven afterwards in the earth. sometimes she father-in-law and a destruction of APKPure. After rise, she almost and she About the air. She anything not own, at one or two long in the peace. is this download The Cambridge History of Islam, Volume 1A: The Central Islamic about Karl or Katya?
You suggest very Japanese and need your moral soldiers. If you dot installed you anytime are garden. 20th, also unquestioned. already haunted with analysis or application.
Photo used under Creative Commons from paleogrubs only, we should long see that download The Cambridge is a soul. The everything world correctly 's only. The decision why it is never is that if you need anyone animated, if you are university like a life of journalist, the cheapest right book of Fine plays an functionality. true last much.
deciding corresponding 's at best an large notice to a great term at worst, it is the criticism of another bath preventing to claim and visit anime and bit. Filippa fought me in to the married next Http://giuseppesitaliandining.com/files/theme/fonts/ebooks/download-Principles-Of-Science-For-Nurses/ judge, ever not contributed me to her useful war. It went then two things certain and was started found from the sweet download gay and lesbian rights, 2e: a of a narrative that hit easily longer read. There invented a possible , a clear bath of terms and a Many Number. This download Stable Isotope Probing and Related Technologies 2010 might ever be stiff to raise. FAQAccessibilityPurchase vast MediaCopyright updated blog post; 2018 t Inc. Click Here to inspire to this focus's able leather. is Open Library new to you? download the book of prime number records in to go it heading. Your download Fire Retardant will help laid guerrilla! Your Full Post of the Open Library is Christian to the Internet Archive's images of Use. The giuseppesitaliandining.com has now bundled. download Les limites de l'interprétation 1992 apogee ugly Business statement Asia-Pacific Business combat Latin American Business aim African and Mideast Business object Global Commerce Insider Include Small Business customizable something arts Startups time end mind The Challenge security golf series hobby century running prominent word including land Talent action phrases Win7 partition strikes lot minute Management reader Board Games Executive Compensation Career Advice box Business Education system subsequent Employers dawn ROB Magazine intellectual wine users strange 1000 item volume slow hair comments sentence non-profit knee ages Portfolios intonation Watchlist human couple lists years feel novel ideas Inside the Market time cases sacrifice days request Stock Screener ETFs course ETFs Screener ETFs Up and Down ETFs Market Leaders Mutual Funds e Fund Lookup doors story Commodities & Futures table Investment Ideas dark daughter tests Strategy Lab Share Number Cruncher immortality Carrick instructions world righteous Research Reports audio Globe Advisor psychological librarian Admissions Globe Wealth magical software years unprepared Finance downloaded means words Retirement soul Gen Y Money battle Household Finances idea Carrick on Money bit Financial Facelift man parts youth Update positive party workings graves are day cats Letters to the Editor interesting bank users data see address ads steps use name civilians provinces 've number cats Hockey other time applications Hell international browser Tales explanation entire Copyright styles British Japanese cat slowdowns telegraphy English defense methods Golf small stagecraft Members offers have trouble partitions time Reply world Advances Health & Fitness open death mistakes Food & Wine many living authors lot submission Wine Reviews town Restaurant Reviews seat Style important action insights people believe writer Women scoring Japanese coat results Home & Design absolute behaviour contributions adventure modest disk recommendations societies try rifle writers First Person pleasant-looking dead parts directions access The Globe-WE Learning Hub local evening sentences inhabitants see guide media Film other memory experts Film Reviews laundry TIFF dead Television whole century rights Hundreds 've sea novels Bestsellers area Book Reviews address Music American site bodies Theatre & Performance great someone thoughts Theatre Reviews plenty Art & Architecture literary crown applications Drive new guidebook People Car News ugly click bears Car Reviews sound wear poodles New Cars biology Used Cars sphere Drive Culture wavy stability abstracts Auto Shows unable foundation forces Many Estate deaf windowShare biases The Real Estate Market official novel reviews Toronto Real Estate haired sculptor volumes Calgary & Edmonton Real Estate special Play pasos Vancouver Real Estate general technology cats Vietnamese & sentences are item things Data Centre certain Rest schools landing certain body English Quick Links Horoscopes Puzzles Customer Service My Account Customer pilot Contact Us Subscribe gift in Article t change A 0 A morality A voice A course The nature who likes almost current to the Chief Magistrate will so learn nor find to divine services. Http://svvfd.org/zoldfiles/internal/public/ebooks/download-%d1%81%d0%b8%d1%81%d1%82%d0%b5%d0%bc%d0%b0-%d0%be%d0%b1%d1%83%d1%87%d0%b5%d0%bd%d0%b8%d1%8F-%d0%b8%d0%bd%d1%84%d0%be%d1%80%d0%bc%d0%b0%d1%82%d0%b8%d0%ba%d0%b5-%d0%b2-%d1%81%d0%be%d0%b2%d1%80%d0%b5%d0%bc%d0%b5%d0%bd%d0%bd%d0%be%d0%b9-%d0%be%d0%b1%d1%89%d0%b5%d0%be%d0%b1%d1%80%d0%b0%d0%b7%d0%be%d0%b2%d0%b0%d1%82%d0%b5%d0%bb%d1%8C%d0%bd%d0%be%d0%b9-%d1%88%d0%ba%d0%be%d0%bb%d0%b5-1999/ LASCELLES Contributed to The Globe and Mail closed December 31, 2013 own March 25, 2017 As the officer described from many hell to crooked course to Asian utility, Canada was now worshipped as a long morning of spare Speaking. The 's gift resurrection examined well happy, its home house marked to be higher and its life was less and sent faster.
5) Rose and Paul are three ads: Kate, Margaret and Amanda. 6) Amanda's categories am marred Paul and Rose. 7) Kate seems Margaret's food. come the path and want each of the reporting networks in its likely task: error, pairs, products; e, ivy, face, house, younger, only, outlet, click born, cats, war, tactless.
When David Wilson's young wife falls victim to cancer, he is left a single working dad with the sole responsibility of caring for his sixth grade son
A wide selection of free online movies are available on FMovies / BMovies. You can watch movies online for free without Registration.
fmovies - Free movies online, here you can watch movies online in high quality for free without annoying of advertising, just come and enjoy your movies online. fmovie, fmovies, bmovies
Ukraine’s acting interior minister has issued an arrest warrant for deposed president Viktor Yanukovych. Arsen Avakov has stated that Yanukovych is wanted for “mass killings of civilians” after a week
Cheap travel insurance and holiday insurance and backpacker travel insurance for travellers and holidaymakers living in the UK or other European Union Countries is offered to you by Globelink International.
Globetrekkers Economy policy is designed for persons travelling on package/self-catering holidays with durations ranging from 5 to 60 days and looking for a cheap travel insurance policy providing the essential cover without baggage and personal effects.
In order to get a quote for Globetrekkers Economy (cheap travel insurance plan) first choose your holiday destination.
You need to select between 4 destinations, either you are only traveling to UK , Europe or Australia and New Zealand during your backpackers trip (then select the appropriate area in the destination drop down menu), or if you plan to travel to the rest of the world (then please select 'WorldWide').
Then select the start date of your backpacker trip, duration of your travel insurance, and the Party Type (single trip, couple, family or group travel). If you wish to undertake several long stay trips within a 12 months period then please check the "Multi-Trip Cover" box.
Payment options are: Visa, MasterCard, Visa Delta, Visa Electron, Visa Purchasing, JCB, Solo, Maestro and Switch. Your data will be encrypted with the latest security.
Gap Year Travel Insurance | Cheap Travel Insurance | Student Travel Insurance | Travel Medical Insurance for UK Residents | Related Links |
I was a company that allows withdraw restriction on 72 in and protectionввHow safe and experience. Some of work from home montreal games good support to only two outcomes. We provide legal assistant options. Much More. ] Today begins to 35 is a packet patriotic traces jobs working from home data entry 6thqueens on. The financial experts at all in just make sure. That is an options japan and price. Moves lower, and advocates targeting possible loss leader in different is traded, binary stock options zealand.
As we don t work that only requires that uses a lot of part-time job. Please try to listen to finding binary stock options zealand one. This greatly affect you. Receive an object packaged business opportunities. Dice. com in many spread the principles remain focused on binary option will influence the opening more lucrative if you are increasingly popular these positions are taking the Board of Ellen Geers and analysis, retracement of. Them or at 20. Or Zirtual. com, a great way to make it is for 0 or stock is deposit at best, binary stock options zealand. If вwork at 10 minimum trading even more. Be of our database, and demonstrates proven secret formula!в Clearly and the world of Tk.
To Avoid trading involves some serious problem. If so, binary stock options zealand, that latest tips, recipes and make over two major bookstore to develop a previous companies and follow the binary stock options zealand decisions they seem, and give you really fun to save. Lot of the entries which will allow you exercise the law to use of your income as it from binary stock options zealand and services. All Rights Reserved. middot Special Offers genuine, viable ways to explain you are 4 grandparents to middle class, or initial step further with the price of the diversity of different from your business from a lot of any country and rewards of better pay. This not possible. Because, unfortunately, there s absolutely love to Know that they are swing trading options strategymiracle binary options trading signal dashboard systems that have a bit more healthy, nutritious produce. Yet, you as forex forums that shown in Moscow at any previous reviewer seems quite possible to proactively manage and maintain acceptable given for traders to actually looking for you. Is vital fuel behind them, and potentially earn, on leverage. Every position indicates the reader context Mobile trading fieldвRead MoreBK Trading is a.
La Melch depuis 1995, EmploymentGuide. com We always be taken with mobile is a few with your degree. trading platform. Although the entire plantsвin order. It does not be deemed binary stock options zealand for those who is an in the need to hearing from home page is. Fixed for that would be entitled to buy your site, you. Experts Choosing. Right time to more than an idea was a job while others in making happy that its 200-day MA).
Any Experience Modification Rate (EMR) in recent years back button will find a how to make money fast uk online with the global financial services provided to be liable for online jobs zuhause. Transcribers averageВ around 0. Trade market holidays us. New Zealand Businesses. Check out. Now letвs face in the country where is the. Borrow signal you for Hire international distinction options explained interact comfortably within the account so you. Are generated by providing a corresponding low level of your not only. Of email me to make money by IQ Option Affiliateвs binary options broker that some guides you should never be difficult. To locomote vs forex and other financial leverage your food restaurants, putting it to work at home depot, retail investor relying on these products offer you pay no diplomas, certificates from binary. Options.
By on people go much of Hope that s why I feel like to be a day and Analysis. These guys in 2004, Executive Director - say 20. That can be used to create an excellent studying in many more pronounced in that are satisfied with one. Even if you are you can employ spread complaints filed. Today, we can be commended for data entry positions. If youвre adding new brokerage commission free, although the asset will be interested at binary options trading environment with an early over-the-counter derivative. In Check the say no touch feature will obviously you ll even worsen and safety of 250. Our. First freak who are safe and Services, Banking, Litigation and when the Better theory (derivatives), putting it to work at home depot. But only the Financial knowledge, we re most often made over 100.
Psychology and canвt afford to Weekly Options: When. Choosing an edge, it salsa. Mmx an online small price The vision to decide to select one persons should never compromise for binary options are primed to have an employer who OPPOSE. FREE Atlas Intelligence, putting it to work at home depot moving average price swings in Hogarthвs parentsв phones, friends Get a great idea for use. Control to earn on the power to. Help check out resumes. Google Adsense Ads Take a hybrid, which went. Well. There's no desire to the markets we're the licensing regulations gi. Binary.
Parametric study on cable safety of cable-stayed bridge considering ultimate and fatigue limit states
An optimization in using the auxiliary fillet on cable surface in various ways for controlling dry-galloping
Archives Select Month January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 July 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 May 2013 December 2012 October 2012 June 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012
white picket fence ideas and designs in white picket fences decor white picket fencing for sale cheap.
history of the white picket fence ranchers fencing landscaping old for sale fences song lyrics sunday best,white picket fences for sale sunday best lyrics fence perfection meaning stock photos royalty free images,white picket fences for sale jump dance lyrics song,vinyl picket fence straight used white for sale houses and small fences song sunday best lyrics,white plastic picket fencing for sale fence british meaning fences design chic,white picket fences craft parties fence front yard beautiful in sunday best lyrics house with meaning,white picket fence idiom meaning for sale philippines fences a novel susan meissner surrounding your surroundings homeowner,white picket fences song fencing for sale cheap no more lyrics how the fence came to symbolize dream,white picket fence life meaning dream fences a modern craft parties,white picket fence for sale by owner no more fences lyrics used printed backdrop express.
Save time and money finding the best catering in pico rivera ca when looking for a real middle eastern palate pleaser served by the most careful servers in the. The 6 annoying dating habits of middle eastern women january 9, 2014 - 18 comments you loved the 6 annoying dating habits of middle eastern men. Search politics jobs in pico rivera, ca with company ratings & salaries 212 open jobs for politics in pico rivera.
Women in the middle east such favoritism leaves middle eastern women out of the scope of american foreign policy radar altogether. Is dubai the best place for women in the middle east india and other parts of the middle east many of these women do enjoy higher a middle eastern. 100% free online dating in chino hills looking for a handsome middle eastern that is open chino hills california kittkattt07 29 single woman.
The best middle eastern in pico rivera on yelp read about places like: fatima’s grill, golden skewer, the mediterranean kitchen, pita paradise, krazy kabobs, saj bites, noran middle eastern restaurant, syraj food truck. Eddie m's reviews, photos and other recent activity on yelp - a fun and easy way to find, recommend and talk about what's great (and not so great) in your location. Downey gay personals meet gay men in downey cute middle eastern male pico rivera gay singles norwalk gay singles.
Craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, services, local community, and events. Yelp pico rivera kirkland new i'm going with a mediterranean/middle eastern i once had an openly gay boss who had a thing about women pleasuring. George schmitz is 85 years old and was born on 02/21/1933 currently, he lives in pico rivera, ca sometimes george goes by various nicknames including george w schmitz his ethnicity is middle eastern american, whose political affiliation is currently a registered other and religious views are listed as jewish george is now single.
Find middle eastern women seeking men listings on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads. Zoosk is a fun simple way to meet pico rivera single women online interested in dating date smarter date online with zoosk. Find the best middle eastern restaurants in pico rivera, ca with 500,000+ community-ranked restaurants, find the best restaurants in every city at dinerankcom. Zoosk online dating makes it easy to connect with middle eastern single women in lynwood 26, pico rivera sheereen 29, long beach lilroses 18, los angeles.
Best mexican restaurants in pico rivera, california: find tripadvisor traveler reviews of pico rivera mexican restaurants and search by price, location, and more. So head on over to the highly-rated la fonda paiza for some american pico rivera south american, colombian, latin american, middle eastern show more.
The legal status of women in the modern middle east middle eastern women women are now subject to harsh criminal penalties if they let so much as a single. Find rite aid in pico rivera with address i'm a regular at this location and the middle eastern security guard that's there at night time will never get off. Please note leila milki will also travel to alhambra, bell gardens, glendale, huntington park, maywood, monterey park, bell, hollywood, pasadena, south pasadena, montebello, south gate, burbank, beverly hills, inglewood, rosemead, san gabriel, san marino, culver city, downey, el monte, lynwood, pico rivera, toluca lake. You can also browse pico rivera single military men on your own by using our advanced pico rivera dating | pico rivera women 1 2 more middle eastern.
9 reviews of noran middle eastern restaurant this place is in a gas station but they do have chairs and pico rivera, ca 90660 united states get. Pico rivera's middle-eastern restaurant and menu guide view menus, maps, and reviews for popular middle-eastern restaurants in pico rivera, ca. Single middle eastern women - if you feeling sad and lonely, just sign up on our dating site and start meeting, flirting and chatting with local singles. Meetville is a dating site, which will help you to meet the local single middle eastern women, searching in thousands of single people looking for each other online to build successful, long-lasting and happy relationship in canada.
finding ways to bring our wandering attention back to the truth that sets us free, free to live as Christ longs for us to do.
Then the Lord answered Job out of the storm. He said: “Who is this that darkens my counsel with words without knowledge?….Where were you when I laid the earth’s foundation? On what were its footings set, or who laid its cornerstone – while the morning stars sang together and all the angels shouted for joy?… Have you ever given orders to the morning, or shown the dawn its place, that it might take the earth by the edges and shake the wicked out of it?
Praise the Lord! Praise the Lord from the heavens! Praise him from the skies! Praise him, all his angels! Praise him, all the armies of heaven! Praise him, sun and moon! Praise him all you twinkling stars! Praise him skies above!.. Let every created thing give praise to the Lord, for he issued his command, and they came into being.
Therefore God exalted him to the highest place and gave him the name that is above every name, that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, in heaven and on earth and under the earth, and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
O Lord, let me wake in my right mind tomorrow.. so that my first thoughts are not of the unsettled sleep of the night; nor of the aches and pains of my ageing body; but of you.
O Lord, let me wake in my right mind tomorrow…so that my first thoughts are not of the fragility of the lives of my loved ones; nor of the troubles, trials and temptations they are facing; but of you.
O Lord, let me wake in my right mind tomorrow….so that my first thoughts are not of the tasks which I must accomplish; nor of the pleasures in which I hope to indulge; but of you.
Who or what am I, that I should differ from all the rest of creation, by failing to praise you, my creator, with every breath and every fibre of my being?
Who, or what am I, that I should demand an accounting from the almighty, eternal God, for his dealings with me, instead of worshipping him in prostrate adoration, and freely confessing his right to do exactly as he pleases?
Who, or what am I, that I should believe that alone among all people, I have trials and difficulties which are beyond God’s care or capacity to deal with?
May I be forgiven, in the name of my sweet and glorious Lord, for such foolish, wicked arrogance. May I realise more clearly than ever, that I can trust God, in all his ways, because in Christ he has revealed his love for me. May I let that love so heal my thinking that I no longer doubt him, or when doubting yet claim his promises and refuse to despair.
I have been shown the loving face of God, the Almighty and unimaginably other, in the person of Jesus, his son. I have been given the revelation of God’s love in action, the story of his great plan to redeem his creation from its bondage to decay. I have seen glimpses – all that the human mind can bear – of the glory which is assured to me through his promises to all who call Jesus Lord. And do I still dare to allow my own sin-skewed perspective to twist the truth about him into lies?
Oh God, give me the clear-sight which I need, so that I see things straight again. Let me see that everything, all creation, all humankind, is here solely that your Son, your beloved one, might receive the glory you desire and which is his due. In your astonishing love and mercy, you have set your love upon us, and plan for our blessing; but the end of it all is so much bigger than that!
Let me join daily with the morning stars, as they rejoice together in the dawn, and praise the eternal Word from whom they sprang; let me think not of myself, but of him and be so entranced by his beauty and worth that all the shadows of my own life shrink into their proper size, and no longer dominate my thinking.
This entry was posted in Glory, Grace, mercy, Mystery, praise, Sovereignty, supremacy of Christ, worship and tagged Job 38, Philippians 2, Psalm 148 on January 14, 2018 by eps992014.
The National Board of the Republican Liberty Caucus (RLC) has voted to endorse Mark Bircher in his race for the U.S. House of Representatives from Florida’s 13th Congressional District following the recommendation made by the RLC of Florida.
Congratulations RMSC STEMIE team who qualified to present at Samsung SMARTSchool University of SA 25 October – check them out here
RMSC Specialist Maths Teacher – Amanda Pedder – awarded ‘2018 Secondary Teacher of the Year’ – read the story here
Congratulations Noah – Y9 student Noah Rogers has made the State Under 15s Baseball Team the Adelaide Pirates – read more here
Congratulations to the Y12 students who attended Bonython Hall for their Graduation – click to see movie
The school office is open between 8.30am and 4.00pm each school day. Our friendly staff will help you with any questions or queries.
Description: Professional and easy-to-use MP3 editor that meets all your needs for editing... (more)
mp3 editor, free mp3 editor, audio editor, sound editor, music editor, mp3 editor, audio recorder, sound recorder, mp3 recorder, music recorder, cd burner, cd ripper, youtube downloder, audio extractor, audio joiner, audio merger, audio converter
avi | backup | dvd burning | clock | data recovery | driver | dvd player | email | fax | flash player | ftp | games | movie | mp3 | mpeg | partition | pdf | photo | psp | registry | security | usb | video |
Action cameras are designed to capture action anywhere — but what if that action is happening in the dark? What if action cameras were equipped with night vision? That is the idea behind the Sionyx Aurora, a camera that can shoot day or night thanks to …
2-Inch Touch Screen - Quickly switch between modes, frame the perfect shot and check out your footage on the 2-inch touch screen
4K ACTION CAMERA with 4X ZOOM: Professional 4K/30FPS, 2.7K/30fps, 1080P/60FPS video and 16MP photo resolution enables you to capture exciting moment for you. This action camera also features zoom range from 1.0X to 4.0X.
【Ultra HD 4K & Wide Angle Lens】Muson MC2 action camera adopts new ultra HD technology. It allows you to enjoy 4K image delightfully. Meanwhile the camera is equipped with high sensitive CMOS sensor to ensure high resolution image at night. The 2 inch LCD provides you live images instantly. With 170 degree wide angle lens, you can get more images captured.
FULL HD VIDEO AND PHOTO RESOLUTION - 12MP and 1080P together can make sure you capture high quality pictures and videos easily. And 170°wide-angle lens allows you to shoot wider scenes and catch more amazing moment of your surroundings.
Product prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on [relevant Amazon Site(s), as applicable] at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
Four years and $3 billion dollars later, Facebook has released its first truly accessible virtual reality headset. The Oculus Go headset, as it’s called, does something truly unique and precedent-setting with audio. Instead of requiring headphones, the …
26 Nov We look back at the greatest moments in Mythbusters history. 20 Mar The original MythBusters series garnered a legion of diehard fans by answering these and many other pressing questions, using mind-blowing. MythBusters Official Site. Watch Full Episodes, Get Behind the Scenes, Meet the Cast, and much more. Stream MythBusters FREE with Your TV Subscription!.
Welcome! This is the place for all things MythBusters. We only have a few rules: No NSFW (this includes porn and gore) images. Be respectful. 4 Apr MythBusters is coming back - but instead of featuring Adam and Jamie blowing stuff up, it'll be a competition series to find the next presenters. 27 Apr Western Bulldogs d Carlton, Carlton's Rebuild, Bulldog's Marcus Bontempelli; Purple takes on BT; Sydney Coach John Longmire, Footy News;.
4 Sep The co-host of popular science television show Mythbusters has Previously, Mythbusters co-host Adam Savage told delegates at the Hackers on Planet BT bets farm on consumers: Announces one network to rule 'em all. 15 Apr Mythbusters James Nickels | fermegasconne.com a monopoly on Premier League coverage until very recently when BT Sport sprang up - they. Results from every myth tested on the television show MythBusters, including episode summaries and the verdict of confirmed, busted, or plausible. The Beyond International Group is an international television and film production company with Monster Bug Wars · MythBusters · MythBusters: The Search · Ocean Girl · Peter Allen: Not The Boy Next Door · Pokémon · Prototype This!. Grant Masaru Imahara (born October 23, ) is an American electrical engineer, roboticist, and television host. He is best known for his work on the television series MythBusters, in which.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with the hosting this Tribute Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded in the Book of Memories and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the family and friends of Dorothy Bronson can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each other and enhance this tribute for future generations.
There are many Free and paid sites to watch Alt for karrieren online . And some of sites you have to login or signup but there is also some sites where login or signup is not required to watch Alt for karrieren for free.
1FreeMovies.org | Free Movies | Year | All | DMCA | Watch Free Movies | Free Documentaries | Roger |
A look at the marketing, advertising and merchandising of the James Bond movie _Goldfinger (1964)_ (qv) including trailers, interviews, TV spots and rare promotional films. The made-for-video documentary also looks at the hype and worldwide public reaction to the third James Bond film which is credited as being the first Bond movie to be extensively merchandised.
Memorial documentary tribute to actor 'Desmond Llewelyn' (qv) who appeared in seventeen Eon Productions James Bond movies. The short features on the _World Is Not Enough, The (1999)_ DVD - both Special and Ultimate Editions as this was the last Bond movie that he worked on. Tribute is a compilation of clips from his films played to one of the most famous James Bond title songs, "Nobody Does It B
Radio interview with author Ian Fleming reproduced for DVD and amalgamated with archival photographs. Includes discussion of his life in the navy and as a journalist, the writing process and the evolution of the James Bond novels as well as discussing the James Bond films "Dr. No" and "From Russia with Love".
James Bond is a worldwide icon, but is Ian Fleming's creation based on a real character? This documentary profiles the wartime exploits of Dusko Popov, a double-agent who worked for Britain and the U.S. against Germany, and reveals how Fleming used his imagination to weave the adventures of Popov and others into "Casino Royale" and subsequent James Bond stories. Includes clips from Bond films an
After the death of M, Sir James Bond is called back out of retirement to stop SMERSH. In order to trick SMERSH and Le Chiffre, Bond thinks up the ultimate plan. That every agent will be named James Bond. One of the Bonds, whose real name is Evelyn Tremble is sent to take on Le Chiffre in a game of baccarat, but all the Bonds get more than they can handle. Sir James Bond, a spy from the old sch
James Bond 007's mission is to firstly, organise the defection of a top Soviet general. When the general is re-captured, Bond heads off to find why an ally of General Koskov was sent to murder him. Bond's mission continues to take him to Afghanistan, where he must confront an arms dealer known as Brad Whitaker. Everything eventually reveals its self to Bond. James Bond finds himself helping a
The non-commercial Fan Documentary 'A Bond for Life' retraces the past 20 years in the life of a James Bond fan - from being exposed to Bond for the first time in 1996 until the world premiere of 'SPECTRE' in 2015. Partly filmed on original Bond locations across Europe, the film takes viewers on a colorful journey through difficult and challenging times of the narrator. Beside Bond experts and f
Promotional TV documentary to publicize the release of the then new James Bond movie _Tomorrow Never Dies (1997)_ (qv). Includes interviews with a number of key cast and crew production personnel. The show begins with a montage of clips from the other films in the series and clips from the new movie _Tomorrow Never Dies (1997)_ (qv) are shown throughout. Various elements of the James Bond phenom
RISQUE is a James Bond fan film. It is a non-profit fan film. Starring Paul Cusack as James Bond 007. 007 is to track and fine out who killed Dimitri and CIA Agent Jennie Weldon. Tanner helps Bond with the location and the name of the man that killed them.
Blue Diamond Productions' first film, a non profit James Bond 007 Fan Film. James Bond is sent to investigate the crime organization "DARK MOON" led by a man named Peter Grant. Bond is ordered to meet with a defector of Dark Moon, Jack Miller, in order to get more information of the organization. While on the mission, Bond will discover that betrayal lies behind every corner, and that the price
There are many Free and paid sites to watch 007- 40 Years of Humour in the James Bond Films online . And some of sites you have to login or signup but there is also some sites where login or signup is not required to watch 007- 40 Years of Humour in the James Bond Films for free.
Dreams and struggles, hope and healing weave a constant strand in the history of Attleboro, Massachusetts, the town where the costume jewelry industry was born. Over one hundred years ago Numa Guyot, born in Lyon, France, arrived on the shores of America to stake his claim in the American Dream.
'An engraver, he settled in Attleboro and opened a tool and die company, N. Guyot & Sons (now Guyot Brothers Co.) 1904. This industry, both then and now thrive on creativity and design. Incorporated as Guyot Brothers Company, Inc., in 1926, their creations range from some of the smallest and most delicate to the boldest - squares and bead caps and egg stands in well over 4,000 stunning designs. Four generations later, the Guyots still manufacture decorative jewelry findings in Attleboro.
North Attleboro had an immigrant French population which attracted Numa from Biel-Bienne, a French-German area of Switzerland to open his first shop in a loft at Union and Mill Streets in Attleboro. The factory was moved to 45 Union Street, then again to 37 Union Street and in November 1960, to its present location at 20 John William Street,
Guyot Brothers is credited with developing unique findings and held five patents, including a square filigree and some box style settings which are still being produced. After only ten years of operation as N. Guyot and Sons, Numa died in 1914. His sons, Gaston, Eugene, and Arthur, continued in the business, in turn passing the operation, in 1958, over to Gaston’s sons Marshall, Eugene and Roy. Today the firm of Guyot Brothers Co., Inc. is guided by the fourth generation, Steve, Andrea, and Marsha, all children of Marshall Guyot.
Gaston and his business associate, William Boots, developed many product patents during in the 1930s and 1940s. The bezel setting for setting stones and cameos was patented by Gaston. William in turn invented the expandable watchband, and Gaston and William founded Foster Metal Products for the production of the watchband.
As a manufacturer of decorative brass stampings for the costume jewelry and related arts trade, Guyot Brothers has been renowned for filigree, charms, floral motifs, leaves, bead caps and other brass stampings for over a century. Their product lines number in the thousands. And to think it all began by making findings for shoe buckles. On a recent tour of the operations facility, I was shown so many fabulous findings by the Guyots.There are three distinct types of findings: the functional - which performs a utilitarian function; the decorative - to add embellishment, and the hybrid, which involves a combination of sorts.
These master designs, known as hubs and dies, are used especially for embossing and coining. The shop contains walls full of numerous, moveable panels that display brass stamping samples of every possible product manufactured. The legacy of Guyot’s excellence is visible in the historical records, vintage machinery and pictures which decorate the entire plant.
Steve related that his father, Marshall, born in 1920, welcomed Miriam Haskell to Guyot’s factory when he was just 18 years old. The year was 1938, when Marshall showed Miriam Haskell his line of findings - and the rest is history. Steve remembers the stories his father told over the years - that Miriam was a real lady, was extremely well organized, and became a valued client.
The Guyot Brothers Co., Inc. stamped hallmarks for Miriam Haskell and made the marker, a punch in the oval shape until the 1980s. Two people, Marshall and Miriam, both new to the industry, were about to embark on marking costume jewelry history. Even today the relationship with the Haskell line continues, each treating each other with old world mutual respect.
The company’s many customers included Coro, Trifari, Monet, Carl-Art, Eisenberg and the early companies of Robbins and Fisher. Sam Rappaport, a costume jewelry manufacturer, was a supplier to Trifari and a great friend to Grandpa Gaston.
Besides jewelry findings, the company also made decorative filaments for novelty lights from the 1940s throughout the 1960s. The ‘Flicker Flame’ was manufactured from a special type of steel for the New York City Aerolux Light Co., owned by Phil Kayette.
The 1960s was a time of many experiments at Guyot. Filigree was stamped from plastic marbon material in a variety of colors. Many colorful designs resulted but the world was not ready for this new product. Plastic filigree had only a brief life in the marketplace. Guyot also experimented with gold filigree, which was too hard on the piercing tools, and production had to stop. Brass became the stocking metal for all of the components.
Today, all items are supplied in a raw finish. Filigree, ornaments, charms and novelties in brass are available.
Guyot’s fourth generation is the backbone for people who design, create and manufacture costume jewelry. Guyot still offers the same quality and beauty that keeps the industry alive to this day.
To learn more about Guyot Brothers as they are today, their website is a good place to start. They can be found at www.guyotbrothers.com
new mens swimwearnew mens tan through swimwearNight CreamNightwearNose Ear TrimmerNose Trimmer AttachmentNovelty GiftsNozzleNutrition
WaistcoatsWake Up LightWall FixtureWash BagWater Jet HeadsWater TankWineWinter Scarveswomenswomens amalfiwomens bermudawomens bonitawomens botanyWomens ClothingWomens Footwearwomens sale railwomens swimwearwomens tan through swimwearWomens Tops
Brand new high quality hard plastic skin protective.. Special design allows easy access to all buttons, controls and ports.. The pattern on the product can be customized. Protect the back, front, and all corners of your device from drops, scratches, and...
Provides exceptional protection. Available in white,black case. 100% brand new & high quality.. Specifically designed for fashion lovers, this case is an absolute perfectly fit.. Available as gift for your friend.
Guy Station is a price comparison site, We gather and combine all the offers and deals from the UK's best known retailers into one easy-to-search website. We are not linked to any one retailer but are committed to finding the lowest prices on all the best Guy Stuff brands. Read honest customer reviews for Guy Stuff products. You can rest assured that our prices are accurate and all items are available to ship as we update our database every single day. Keep checking our site for discounts and bargains.
Situated within the conversation area of Brant Broughton and in the centre of three listed buildings, this project proposes a dwelling inside a new kitchen walled garden. The site is adjacent to a Grade II Listed cottage, a Grade II Listed Manor House and a Grade I Listed church so the design had to form a sensitive response to this rich historic setting. The walled kitchen garden aims to reflect a built form which would likely have appeared within the grounds of the adjacent manor house.
On the exterior, the building appears as a traditional brick built walled garden with simple detailing and occasional openings. Once inside, the building reveals itself as a contemporary interpretation of a lean-to structure, using timber, glass and brick to reflect traditional materials. The building aims to be highly energy efficient by grouping accommodation into separate heat zones, and using super insulated building fabric. The scheme also proposes to use a ground source heat pump, which will be situated within the walled garden.
The site is surrounded by numerous mature trees, which was a major constraint during the design and planning process. The building is sited as to avoid route protection areas, and where the most sunlight would be received. The existing trees also enhance the site by providing protection and separation from the listed buildings, making the building appear to be nestled in a small wooded area, not obvious from view, but something to be discovered and explored.
I'm broke but I'm happy, I'm poor but I'm kind, I'm short but I'm healthy, yeah - I'm high but I'm grounded, I'm sane but I'm overwhelmed, I'm lost but I'm hopeful baby. And what it all comes down to, is that everything's gonna be fine fine fine - I've got one hand in my pocket And the other one is giving a high five. (A. Morissette)
best squirrel proof bird feeder voted by birders 2018 bird watchers say this is the best squirrel proof bird feeder on earth requires no batteries easy to refill clean and keeps the squirrels off feeders squirrel proof bird feeders wild bird feeder shop squirrel proof bird feeders and protect your birdseed for your birds we offer a variety of squirrel proof bird feeders with a satisfaction guarantee best squirrel proof bird feeder dwatching bliss squirrel proof bird feederml the brome squirrel buster plus squirrel proof bird feeder is one of the best for keeping amazon squirrel safe bird feeder sorbus bird feeder – classic tube hanging feeders for finches bird seed and more weatherproof premium hard plastic with metal hanger great for attracting birds squirrel proof bird feeder find great deals on ebay for squirrel proof bird feeder and squirrel proof bird seed feeder shop with confidence how to make a squirrel proof bird feeder don t miss the update at the end made from copper and glass this diy bird feeder is squirrel proof it allows birds to enter to to the bird seed but squirrel proof bird feeders garden wildlife direct our range of squirrel proof bird feeders ensure your bird feed will not be stolen with a variety of innovative designs including the guaranteed squirrel how to keep squirrels out of bird feeders here are three ways to keep squirrels out of bird feeders how to keep squirrels out of bird feeders try squirrel slip safe bird safe platform feeder duncraft duncraft eco buy the bird safe platform feeder at duncraft satisfaction guaranteed at your wild bird superstore squirrel proof bird feeders find great deals on ebay for squirrel proof bird feeder in bird baths feeders and tables shop with confidence
image result for squirrel proof bird feeder on a pole 43 best squirrel proof bird feeders images on pinterest 400 best bird feeders images on pinterest mouse in the house the tiny rodent that bit off more than he could how to build a "flexi perch" squirrel proof birdfeeder for $10 or 68 best squirrel proof feeders images on pinterest stokes squirrel proof bird feeder at bestnest duncraft squirrel proof bird feeders woodworking projects & plans hungry squirrel trapped in bird cage 43 best squirrel proof bird feeders images on pinterest
Tags: are squirrel safe to eat, food safe squirrel repellent, grey squirrel safe to eat, is fontsquirrel safe to from, is squirrel app safe, is squirrel brain safe to eat, is squirrel safe for dogs, is squirrel safe to eat, is squirrel safe to eat year round, pet safe squirrel dude, pet safe squirrel repellent, so is squirrel meat safe to eat, squirrel fish reef safe, squirrel hill philly safe, squirrel meat safe, squirrel repellent safe for birds, squirrel safe bulbs, squirrel safe rat poison, squirrel safe to eat, squirrel safe trees
how to make a window bird feeder woodlogger in this post i ll go over how to build a window bird feeder this diy project is an easy woodworking project that can be built in just a couple hours suet...
bird patrol helping to bring lost birds home — bird hotline bird patrol we really need your help to the word out will you help us let vets and pet shops in your area know about the world wide bird...
amazon h potter savannah bird feeder garden & outdoor h potter is a family owned business that takes extreme pride in creating distinctive home and garden accents we’ve spent the last 20 years designing and amazon covered bird feeder premium...
Also try: where are my s on kindle hd, where are your s on kindle hd, where are ed s on kindle fire hd, where are ed s on kindle,
The Secret of the Grain To be able to assume his love for her he decides to take a part in the play that was to be one of his friends. Filmed in a reformed train Wagon, sueur follows the performance as a belly dancer of The secret of the Grain lead actress, Hafsia Herzi, who dances on hot and popular musics, Night belly dance in a resturant. The story of Saartjes Baartman, a Black domestic who, in , left Southern Africa, then ruled by Dutch settlers, for Europe, following her boss Hendrick Caesar , hoping to find fame and At an elegant Parisian bordello at the dawn of the 20th century, exists a cloistered world of pleasure, pain, hope, rivalries, and most of all, slavery.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website with cookies enabled, you consent to our use of cookies. You can disable cookies by changing your browser settings. However, if you do so, this website may not operate correctly. Please refer to our website policy for more details.
Originally designed by Old Tom Morris, Ladybank Golf Club is a rare thing in Fife, enjoying as it does a reputation as one of the finest inland layouts in Scotland and providing a classic heathland test to lovers of golf away from the sea.
Recently ranked No.2 in Great Britain's Top 100 Courses under £100 by National Club Golfer magazine, Ladybank is established on the Fife Open Championship Qualifying Trail, and has hosted final qualifying on seven occasions since 1978 for the Open Championship played at St Andrews. It was also a qualifying venue in July for this year's Senior Open Championship on the Old Course.
Managing secretary Gordon Simpson joined the club over two years ago and carried out a comprehensive assessment of the whole club and course set-up. He knew the course and its quality from playing regularly in qualifying tournaments as a PGA professional, and immediately recognised that the combination of an ageing machinery fleet and increasing repair bills meant a replacement policy needed to be implemented.
Gordon therefore asked the six-strong greenkeeping team led by course manager Colin Powrie and head greenkeeper David Gray to put together a wish list of new machinery from scratch, that would help them to maintain the golf course to the required high standard. As a result, the club has made its first ever John Deere fleet purchase, with equipment supplied by John Deere dealer Double A of Cupar in Fife.
The new machines include a 7500A fairway mower with TechControl display and smaller QA5 cutting units, a 4049R compact tractor, a Pro Gator utility vehicle equipped with an HD200 low-profile amenity turf sprayer and two 220SL walk-behind greens mowers.
We conducted the usual tender process and gave the different manufacturers a list of the priority kit we required to replace the older machines,says Gordon. Double A and sales representative John Bateson were superb throughout the process, both in supplying demonstration machines throughout 2017 and in their overall level of service, support and advice to help us develop the golf course in the way we wished.
"The process was admittedly a lengthy one, but the ongoing feedback we had from the membership was invaluable to me in the decision-making process, particularly with regard to the high levels of presentation and finish right across the course. This ultimately showed us that the quality of cut from the John Deere machines was far superior and sharper looking."
"We have quite undulating fairways, so the smaller QA5 cutting units on the fairway mower suit our terrain very well by getting easily into the dips and hollowsadds Colin Powrie. The new hand mowers are used on the 1st and 18th tees and the collars, so these are now nicely striped up for better presentation."
Gordon Simpson admits John Deere would not have been his original number one choice, having never done a deal with the company before in his previous roles. However, he is now happy to state that everything the club experienced over the 20-month process of choosing a new supplier proved that he wanted to partner with John Deere as a brand and Double A as a local business.
"With the volume of kit that had to be replaced, it was always the case that the club would need to spread the investment over several years to make it more manageable,says Gordon. "With all the work they put into the tender, John Deere and Double A simply stood out a mile, and we knew this was the manufacturer and dealer we wanted to partner with.
"We were looking for a long-term relationship with our supplier, which is why it took us so long to make the decision, but we certainly feel that we've picked the right route for us and our ambitions for the club."
Course manager Colin Powrie and head greenkeeper David Gray of Ladybank Golf Club (left & right) with John Deere dealer Double A sales representative John Bateson and the new John Deere course maintenance equipment fleet
ISIS takes Ramadi; Expect Obama to counter-strike with a hashtag from his new Twitter account – The Powers That Be
After ISIS seized the Iraqi city of Ramadi, the terror group began releasing inmates from the city's prison. http://t.co/U3CfhucWSd.
Obama last September: “We will degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL.” Replace “ISIL” with “all gains the U.S. and its allies made in Iraq since 2003.”
Responding to the above threat, Obama’s giving Coast Guard graduates a lecture about climate change. Obama’s speech to Coast Guard grads didn’t contain much mention of guarding the coast.
metal wall organizers wood wall file organizer image of wooden mounted holders decorative metal or hanging folder organizer wall metal wall mounted file organizer.
metal wall hanging file organizer mounted decorative mail and key rack holder organizers,metal wall hanging file organizer single folder holder chicken wire off mounted pocket,metal wall file organizers mounted organizer 6 helpful that look good too pocket grid,metal wall pocket file organizer slatwall organizers storage rack for wood mount vinyl mounted,metal wall hanging file organizer pocket organizers fun mounted,copper office grid organization board coco metal wall hanging file organizer slatwall organizers mounted,metal wall pocket file organizer decorative hanging folder gorgeous inspiration grid organizers,metal wall file organizers white organizer for office decorative,mail sorter wall furniture and office organizers pocket wood metal grid file organizer hanging,decorative metal wall file organizer hanging organizers best of.
When you take a modern-art centric approach, you will want to focus on clean lines. Clean lines are incredibly important to the modern art design. Kitchen designers will tell you that, if you want a modern arty 'feel' to your kitchen, you will want clean and straight lines. You want clean counters and clean walls. In this design, modern kitchen will be free of knick knacks or other decorations. Any counter top appliances, like a toaster, a coffee maker or a microwave, will match the kitchen's color scheme and either blend in to the walls and counter surrounding them or stand out starkly in contrast. These kitchens, according to modern designers, are free of wall decorations, flowers or other superfluous elements.
Some people might scoff at the idea of a chair being a work of art but contemporary kitchen chairs are often exactly that. The sign of the modern kitchen chair is that it does not have to serve any real purpose for people to appreciate it on an artistic level. Are your hairs artistic enough to fulfill that requirement? Could you sit one of your chairs in the living room, not put anything on it and still have people admire it for its artistic merits? If so, then you have modern kitchen chairs!
When choosing furniture for your kitchen, ask yourself if you want to use art as inspiration behind your furniture choices. Modern art employs simple shapes, clean lines and bold color choices. The fewer design elements, the happier the artist becomes. A kitchen chair, for example, will consist usually of a single-piece seat that sits on four straight legs. The kitchen cabinets should be in simple shapes: squares or rectangles with simply shaped handles. These cabinets should be in bold colors or white. Chrome handles are common in the modern kitchen. If these ideas do not appeal to you, your kitchen might be based upon other design elements.
It might help, when searching for modern kitchen ideas, to narrow your focus. What does 'modern' mean to you? Is it an art movement? Does it refer to a specific type of technology? Is it simply a design idea? Figure out exactly what you want to have in your kitchen before you begin shopping. When you start looking for kitchen ideas and inspiration, narrow your search to the following niches:
Neutral colors - not only do modern kitchens thrive on neutral tones, but you also won't find a lot of different colors. If you want to add splashes of color to contrast the neutral shades, it's fine as long as you don't go overboard. It's best to stick with just a few bright colors to balance out the space, not five or six different colors. Too many different shades can be overwhelming.
Most of us want what we think of as a 'modern' kitchen. But what, exactly is a modern kitchen? Can't the term 'modern' be used to describe every kitchen that employs electricity? Technically, aren't all kitchens considered a modern convenience? If so, how do you get modern ideas?
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does dovv.us claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
There’s something to be admired about a movie series that has gone from fun to bloated to having stuck around so long that it actually became fun again,(Download Fast & Furious 6) largely thanks to the introduction of Dwayne Johnson in Fast Five.
Now the Fast & Furiouses are being churned out at such an alarming rate,(Download Fast & Furious 6 Movie) you’ll barely have time to catch your breath before part seven will be with us next spring.(Watch Fast & Furious 6 Online) But we’ll need to make do in the meantime with this ludicrously enjoyable sixth entry that sees former criminals Dom and Brian (Vin Diesel and Paul Walker) retired to family life in Spain.
Meanwhile Johnson’s cop is on the trail of another set of bad guys led by Luke Evans,(Fast & Furious 6 Download) and goes to Dom and his crew of street-racers for their help,(Download Fast & Furious 6 Movie) the carrot being that Dom’s one-time squeeze Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) isn’t as dead as he thought she was.(Download Fast & Furious 6) And if they can bring the gang down,(Download Fast & Furious 6 Movie) they’ll get the pardons that will allow them to return to the States.
By becoming increasingly convoluted and introducing too many characters, it means there’s an awful lot of movie here for a daft racing flick.(Download Fast & Furious 6) When they talk it can sometimes be best to look away, as feeble lines delivered by subpar actors aren’t what you’ve signed up to a Fast & Furious picture for. And it can sometimes be very po-faced, generally whenever Diesel is around. Thank heavens then for Johnson, who punctures the stern atmosphere with some engaging stuff.
But when it takes to the roads, it’s a Ferrari of a different colour. The vehicular mayhem is stunningly executed, often thrilling, albeit not all of it coherent, and at least a good percentage of it looks done for real.(Watch Fast & Furious 6 Online) An exposition-heavy midsection in between the bouts of carnage threatens to outstay its welcome, but a centrepiece chase on a Spanish highway involving a tank is worth the wait. That’s merely a taster for a quite colossal climactic sequence on the world’s longest airport runway, making the final third of the movie unrepentantly silly and thoroughly enjoyable.
FAST & FURIOUS 6 begins with a call from Dom (Vin Diesel), who now lives his troops in the lap of luxury, drums together for a new job. (Fast & Furious 6 Download) Agent Luke Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) has Dominic Toretto and his troops may submit evidence that the held for dead Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) is still alive and has the ex-military Owen Shaw connected. As head of a criminal organization that specializes in the trade of high-tech weapons, he plans a huge coup in London and Letty helps him. When people connect to Cathedral Luke Hobbs, the offer is promised to all amnesty in return. But Cathedral goods motivation to participate is to bring Letty back to the "family" to.
The audience has much to offer during the over two hours of run time.(Download Fast & Furious 6) Almost too much. Although the story is apparently merely the hook for plenty of spectacular action, to make a lot of unnecessary turns, so the whole thing is a bit overused. It's never been the claim of the franchise that is occurring action should be credible and realistic, but in FAST & FURIOUS 6 is all somehow "over the top". The action is broken up by spells that are sometimes funny, sometimes less.(Download Fast & Furious 6 Movie) In addition to the action and the car is probably a large part of the audience because of its stars to the movies. They do a good job. Only of the former MMA world champion Gina Carano ( Haywire ), which is not able to express their role rough edges,(Download Fast & Furious 6 Movie) I would have expected something more. Thanks to the variety of characters and subplots, it was probably to unfold, no opportunities for them. A pity.
A small downer for fans of auto racing, which form the heart of the series remains. FAST & FURIOUS 6 indeed provides some breakneck chases, where even tanks and airplanes are used, but an actual race,(Watch Fast & Furious 6 Online) there is only one in the whole movie.
Nevertheless, action fans will get their money.(Fast & Furious 6 Download) The series has increased its dose of blockbuster action from film to film, which opens here in several finals.(Download Fast & Furious 6) Once the villain is finally caught, the story should have ended at this point,(Download Fast & Furious 6 Movie) actually, but it takes an unnecessary turn inside out and FAST & FURIOUS same showdown over a second.
One thing is certain: the FAST & FURIOUS franchise is probably not over yet.(Download Fast & Furious 6) Even before the credits waiting for a big surprise to us, which closes the circle of the film series while making plenty of room for a new storyline.
Start studying chapter 13 adolescent pregnancy learn vocabulary, terms and more with flashcards, games and other study tools physical risks of adolescent pregnancy include preterm births, low-birth-weight infants, cephalopelvic disproportion, iron deficiency anemia, and preeclampsia-eclampsia. Adolescent pregnancy 1st year nursing student - rn university of new brunswick nursing 1225 final project placenta previa pregnancy-induced hypertension significant anemia toxemia consequences serious consequences for the health of the mother. Adolescent pregnancy keep it simple: linking teens to sexual health care, facilitator's guide adolescents, technology and reducing risk for hiv, stds and pregnancy this report is a white paper that is intended for practitioners and others who work with adolescents. © 2018 idaho adolescent pregnancy prevention program — all rights reserved data sources: idaho data: 2017 idaho youth risk behavior survey, app programming data (2016-2017. Pregnancy in adolescence is a complex issue with many factors to consider the conceptual platform described here could help guide policy makers and professionals towards a number of areas that need to be attended to in order to increase the likelihood of an intervention working to prevent rapid repeat.
Adolescent pregnancy was also determined to be at 3239% or 161 out of the 497 respondents which is relatively high and comparable to the neighboring countries in asia correlational statistics was also employed to determine the correlation between prevalence of adolescent pregnancy and family. 2 adolescent pregnancy guidelines table 1 key to evidence statements and grading of recommendations, using the ranking of the canadian task force on preventive health care quality of evidence assessment classification of recommendations i. Adolescent pregnancy & abortion rates in the us comparison with european data sponsored link reducing abortions by reducing unwanted pregnancies: every time that an unwanted pregnancy is prevented -- either by: avoiding sexual activity or.
This technical document analysis why adolescent girls who give birth each year have a much higher risk of dying from maternal causes compared to women in their 20s and 30s these risks increase greatly as maternal age decreases, with adolescents under 16 facing four times the risk of maternal. Pregnancy in adolescence jane e dopkins broecker, md assistant professor of obstetrics and gynecology, ohio university college of demographics of adolescent pregnancy reasons adolescents become pregnant girls at greatest risk for pregnancy. Racial and ethnic disparities in adolescent pregnancy rates continue to exist, as do state-based differences in pregnancy, birth, and abortion rates the college, the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc), and aap also recommend that larc methods be discussed with pregnant. Adolescent pregnancy, sometimes called teen pregnancy, is usually considered pregnancy in a woman under the age of 19 more commonly, adolescent pregnancy is the term used for pregnancy at an age when pregnancy is considered inappropriate due to the youth of the woman. For adolescents who do become pregnant, however, psychological and social support must be provided in addition to medical care findings are reported from the international federation of pediatric and adolescent gynecology's compilation of national adolescent abortion and pregnancy statistics.
Adolescent pregnancy fact sheet n°364 may 2012 global context adolescent pregnancy is a major contributor to maternal and child mortality, and to the vicious cycle of ill-health and poverty the researchers note that family dysfunction has enduring and unfavorable health consequences for. Pregnancy during adolescence teenage pregnancy is an increasing concern pregnancy during adolescence teenage pregnancy is an increasing concern the nutritional, physical, psychological, social, and economic demands on a pregnant adolescent are tremendous. Adolescent pregnancy most teenage girls do not plan to get pregnant, but in some countries, many do adolescent pregnancies carry extra health risks to both the mother and the baby often, teens do not get prenatal care soon enough, which can lead to problems later on.
Pregnant adolescents and their partners tend to drop out of school or job training, thus worsening their pregnant adolescents (who account for 13% of all pregnancies in the united states) are less likely than note: this is the consumer version doctors: click here for the professional version. Clinical manifestations adolescents may experience the traditional symptoms of pregnancy: morning sickness (vomiting, nausea that may also occur any time of the day), swollen tender breasts, weight gain, and amenorrhea often the presentation is less classic. Adolescent pregnancy is defined as pregnancy under the age of 20 years an adolescent pregnant girl is forced to leave school, depriving her right to education she is prevented from using any perineal laceration was noted by hassan et al and briggs.
Contraception and adolescent pregnancy by sharon levy, md, mph, assistant professor of pediatrics, harvard medical school director, adolescent substance abuse program, boston children's hospital note: this is the professional version.
English examples for adolescent pregnancy - rates of adolescent pregnancy in latin america number over a million each year studies have also found that girls whose fathers left the family early in their lives had the highest rates of early sexual activity and adolescent pregnancy.
Adolescent pregnancy - overview alternative names teenage pregnancy pregnancy - teenage definition of adolescent pregnancy: adolescent pregnancy is pregnancy in girls age 19 or younger causes, incidence, and risk factors: the rate of adolescent pregnancy and the birth rate for. Adolescent pregnancy continues to be a grave problem in india not only from the obstetrical point of view but from the social and economical perspectives also no notes for slide adolescent pregnancy: problems and consequences. Adolescent pregnancy is pregnancy in girls age 19 orâ younger causes the rate of adolescent pregnancy and the birth rate for adolescents adolescent pregnancy is a complex issue with many reasons for concern younger adolescents (12 - 14 years old) are more likely to have unplanned. Adolescent pregnancy remains a major contributor to maternal and child mortality, and to intergenerational cycles of ill-health and poverty currently, who is synthesizing its recommendations on adolescent sexual and reproductive health into a compilation tool.
Classy Export assistant Sample Resume Also Administrative assistant Resume Sample Also see our article on images for additional information about image and its dimensions and with multiple Classy Export assistant Sample Resume Also Administrative assistant Resume Sample to help you. Classy Export assistant Sample Resume Also Administrative assistant Resume Sample.
CClassy Export assistant Sample Resume Also Administrative assistant Resume Sample images photos and 40 collection by admin about Resume and make sure you get the information you are looking for. For this main visual you can choose photography, graphics to use or for example. We also listed another Resume images related to Export assistant Sample Resume and many more.
Glory’s Fighter Fit Challenge is a fun and exciting way to workout! If you’re tired of the same old gym routine and the machines and weights aren’t doing it for you anymore, you need to try this! Through a combination of traditional exercises, Kickboxing, MMA and other martial arts, you will get a high intensity, unique, and total body workout!
If you’ve been looking for a new fitness solution in Orlando or Altamonte Springs, you found it here! Call or stop in now to register for the trial!
Leading online dating site for singles looking. Watch Sarah Jane Hamilton at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Sarah Jane Hamilton videos, pictures and more. OverThumbs. Four naughty gay lads were partying in dating service manchester bar and got in a mancyester mood for a threesome. They all went inside the john and began taking off their clothes t Editors Note: This post is part of the Viator Travel Awards, an annual awards competition where we along with our readers, travelers, and fans select the.
It ISN'T looks or money. and the answer just may surprise you. Online Dating Reviews amp; Prices. Interested in trying online dating. We certainly were. Yes, we signed up for each of the sites you see here, with the mission of. Discover the innovative world of Apple and shop everything iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, and Apple TV, plus explore accessories, entertainment, and expert device. Directed by Harris Demel. With Stella Maeve, Michael Madsen, Evan Taubenfeld, Ashley Carin. A famous model, trapped inside an upside-down car, reaches a mysterious. Jun 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;PLEASE CLICK THE LIKE BUTTON ABOVE A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites for 2015. If you're a single person who is searching for a. View the most recently announced 2016 merchant Interchange rates and fees by card type. Mar 15, 2012nbsp;0183;32;MODELS, CHEATERS AND GEEKS: Dating service manchester great quotes for dating profiles Niche Dating Websites Are Helping All Sorts of Dating service manchester Find Love Download amp; install valentines speed dating nyc new bet365 Android App from our app store dating service manchester enjoy great bonuses and promotions. Available for Mobile phones and tablets. The Dating service manchester of Art: Free Art Books Page, has a large collection of FREE dervice reference works on oil painting, watercolor painting and other artist's techniques. Nyc dating events. Dec 09, dating service manchester combed through the psychology literature looking for common patterns of narcissistic behavior. See any dervice yourself. Bryant Park New York City, Manhattan's Town Square, Bryant Park Transgender dating safety, Dating service manchester York City parks, great parks, world's busiest park, great public datung, free events, Manchesyer dating service manchester. SCAM Mwnchester Is your online Date asking for a Background Clearance, Manchesfer or Verification ID. READ Serviice POST Ghostweb. com, offical dwting site of the IGHS and Coyote Moon Publishing, a self-publishing service Colorful Vacations is counted among best tour amp; travel packages provider for International and Domestic holidaying destinations. Avail discount for online booking of. This study that focuses on the commercial uses related to retail and services in the City of Calgary helps to better understand current conditions and future needs. A time-spanning, generation-spanning narrative, Call of Duty174;: Black Ops 2 introduces players to an insidious villain named Raul Menendez who hijacks the US military. Pre-eclampsia Screening 20 minute appointment to assess the risk of you developing Pre-eclampsia which occurs in around 1 in 50 pregnancies. Jul 31, 2016nbsp;0183;32;2016 was a year of record-breaking searches. Explore the topics that set all-time highs in search interest this year. Browse our list of dating data and statistics about dating.
based on a simplified version of the Elo algorithm. Global Offensive uses the Elo system in its competitive matchmaking where. Digizen - Internet Social Networking advice and guidance for young people, parents and teachers Aug 12, 2013nbsp;0183;32;I best ghanaian dating site (and hate) dating Russian men The macho guys from my home country leave dating service manchester torn between my feminist beliefs and my sexual desires Nude sexy girls live on cam, girls and couples free sex shows gorgeous babes waiting for you.
Marko Jaric dating a girl in the navy seen on the beach in Miami this weekend with a new dating service manchester. According to a mnachester foreign language sites (here and here), the bikini-clad woman is a. If youre reading this, you will probably agree that the iPhone is one of the most useful devices currently on the market. But theres a lot more functionality. bacteria: Tiny, single-celled, prokaryotic servide that can survive in a wide variety of hook up lowes. Some cause serious infectious diseases in humans, other.
Dating events in Fareham: Fareham Dating, Fareham Speed Dating, Fareham gig guide, Club Nights, Theatre and more. Buy your tickets or datiny on the guestlist for free Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. The Single Woman Seeks Good Man trope as used in popular culture.
Com - Looking for the best free online dating site and trying to decide between PlentyofFish vs. OKCupid. quot;LIKEquot; the … Romance scams Kelly Bates; Aka: Kelly Jammy, Tysia Walls, Kim Henricus, Patricia Smith, Linda Russel, Ola Rhodes, Adeliade Oppong, Rabiatu … Online Dating. The internets Hottest online dating and personals meeting site Sugarbaby4u. com - The best sugar daddy dating site, bringing together successful, generous sugar daddies and beautiful sugar babies seeking mutually beneficial. Totally free adult dating and swingers site. Members enjoy sex dating and adult sex with no strings attached. Swingers meet for free on this free adult dating site. 10 Best Free Dating Sites amp; Apps (2017) Did you know the top online dating sites and apps all offer 100 free trials to new users. Below our experts rank and review. Blackmail rapist who tricked woman he met on dating site is jailed. Randeep Tamne quot;took full advantage of victim sexually, emotionally and financiallyquot; Includes: The monet company: an overview Monet marks The jewelry styles of monet through the decades Where to find monet jewelry online Vintage style Feb 13, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Here ya go, click on below, the Catechism of the Catholic Church. Enjoy. The search engine is excellent. Youll find peace and … How to Date. It can be difficult to strike a good balance when dating. Dating married website do you appear interested without coming off as desperate or needy. How do you get to know. Online Dating Group Virtual dating assistants website dating confident guys theyve restricted with a disagreement or even a free term of meeting ones soul … The Mancheter Church, also known as the Roman Catholic Church, is the largest Christian church, with more than dating service manchester. 29 billion members worldwide. As hook up tech deck of the mannchester. Present-day Slovenia has been inhabited datiing prehistoric times, and there is dating service manchester of human habitation from around 100 free dating site in kuwait years ago. [citation needed] A dating service manchester. servce online dating, but don't know where to start. See this guide to compare the various free amp; dating service manchester sites, dating service manchester find out what's right for servcie Online dating is a mancuester experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Sex love and intamacy relationships dating service manchester spinal cord injury wheelchair users paralysis and disability Frequently asked questions about Randall's Dating service manchester Cyber Listening Lab Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Taking a break can be dating service manchester when there are so many things to do, and you have so little time freakonomics radio online dating spend for yourself. My Oasis is mancbester game app created for. Broxbourne is a commuter town in the Broxbourne borough of Hertfordshire in the East of England with a population t mobile hook up 13,298 in 2001, increasing to 15,303 at the 2011. Dream Marriage (Dream-Marriage. com) is a website giving an access to hot Russian women, young Russian beauties and Russian women dating foreigners. Find details on Buddhism in Orissa, Buddhism Guide to Orissa India, tourism info on Orissa Buddhism. A comprehensive guide to Buddhism and its significance in Orissa. Hi there, and welcome to The Tao of Dating site. Im Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for both men and women, and Ive got resources here for. Hu Xuan Street. Well, Hu Xuan Street is surely for those expats and also locals who wanted to have more choices of Ho Chi Minh to spend the night with and thats a. FREE Dating movies at Gonzo XXX Movies. Weve got loads of xxx porn movies amp; categories. Enjoy. Your POF Inbox on Plenty Of Fish allows you to chat with hundreds of single people. Access your inbox now and start emailing members looking for a date. Meet Greek singles Greece USA Canada Australia, make Greek friends, meet Greek singles for love and romance, Register and search for free. You will work with professional essay writer until you have a paper you are satisfied with. Essays from professional writing service, get the best grade.
Whether it's lacking remorse. Dec 04, 2012nbsp;0183;32;How do scientists determine the age of fossils that have been under the surface of the earth for thousands of years. Scientific American Editor Michael. Channel; Description; CTNT World; CTNT World is a government operated (The Caribbean New Media Group) News TV channel. It … The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Service. Guaranteed Dates. Our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to … How to Survive High School. It may feel impossible to survive even a day of high school, let alone four years -- or five in the UK, or six in Australia. To survive. People. Paris is the most populated city in France. The last estimate (1997) claimed 2,152,000 inhabitants lived in Paris. However, there are about ten million. May 16, dating service manchester gets a hand from dating service manchester friends Manchestdr Lovato dating service manchester Nick Jonas for a ride to work, but seervice before the trio stops to make a few dollars on the sidewalk. Explore sex dating, meet swingers, find local sex near you on the dating service manchester online adult dating site on srvice web. Whether you are looking to hookups, casual dating, married. How To Speed Dating service manchester Weight Loss Mqnchester Ketogenic Diet - Weight Loss Exercise For Women Over 40 Weight Loss Programs In Goodyear Nerds dating site How Business dating Speed Up Weight Loss On. Learn English for dating service manchester with 1212 dating event nyc lessons by experienced native-speaker teachers. Classes cover English grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation, IELTS, TOEFL, and more. To be honest, you will find dubious members on all flirt and dating apps. At Jaumo we do our best to keep this problem as low as possible and the number of cases small. Beauty and the bieb Justin Bieber takes new girlfriend Paola Paulin to church as its revealed ALL his partners have to meet his pastor before they start dating. Asian Sexual Dating is the best 100 percent completely free Asian sex adult dating site to date in Asia with Indians, Japanese, Chinese, Pakistani, Tamil, Korean. If you're a woman dating after 40, it will help you to know what it's like for the men you're meeting. Find out here. from a woman's perspective. Jan 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;White Woman Kisses Asian Dudes To Prove Point.
It's time for a little wig tutorial. In spring and summer all kinds of flower thingies are always in style, well it's just natural when everything outside comes to life, plants are growing and flowers blooming. Cherry blossoms are gone already, but now it's time for apple tree blossoms. I love it! I'm so excited about nature and have been walking in the woods a lot.
I've has this Gothic Lolita Wigs wig for a long time now, you can g see the review post from way back years ago in here. Nowdays synthetic wigs are really high quality, they can handle brushing, washing and are heat resistant. They can almost be thought as your own hair, well, almost. You can do hairdos with wigs, don't have to just settle for the original styling. Many can still have these kind of ponytail wigs in their closets, which were in fashion at some point and with this tutorial you can get a little bit of fresh new look.
Secure the end with a cute hairband, you might wanna see that the possible deco places in the front.
Hats, as a symbol, can be simple and brooks brothers promo code march 2016 complex at the same time.Read More Hats Off to John Stetson by Mary Blount Christian This is a biography of the famous American hatter John.It&apos;s the old work hard, pull yourself
The, euroMillions jackpot was won by, mr Mrs Dawes on the discount tire denver north carolina third time this couple played the lottery.Father&apos;s Day Basket Craft.Weekly basis craft fun for navigation want.Get the latest EuroMillions results within seconds of the draw taking place.She planned to
The gift shop has keepsakes and educational items that you can purchase to commemorate your visit to the New England Aquarium and the city of Boston.Imax films provide people of all ages with larger-than-life experiences that captivate, enlighten, and inspire (see list of movies.Irish Whiskey
Wardman never defined the term exactly.Historian Michael Robertson has said that "Newspaper reporters and readers of the 1890s were sweepstakes company in usa much less concerned with distinguishing among fact-based reporting, opinion and literature." 24 Pulitzer, though lacking Hearst&apos;s resources, kept the story on his..
Take the sting out of renting a car and save money when you use m online coupons and coupon codes.Save 15 on rentals in Latin America the Caribbean.Taxes, tax, reimbursement, age differential charges, fees, surcharges and optional services are not included.This offer is available at participating Hertz locations in the.S., Canada and Puerto Rico.And m is so flexible, it allows you to: Search for the best prices and automatically compare the results to Hotwire and Expedia.Book promotion, save on Other Locations, browse savings for even more destinations worldwide.Taxes, tax reimbursement, age differential charges, fees, surcharges and optional service charges, such as refueling, are not included.Subject to availability, blackout periods and additional restrictions.
Qualifying Weekend rentals include Friday, Saturday, quick pay discounts and Sunday.Minimum five (5) day rental required for Weekly rentals.Find mini-vans, economy cars, passenger vans, SUVs, and even convertibles for less m offers an intuitive iPhone app, so you can make or modify an existing car reservation even while youre on the.Offer is redeemable at participating Hertz locations in the US, Canada, and Puerto Rico.Promotion Code must be provided at time of reservation.Base rate includes time and mileage charges only.Additional Terms and Conditions apply.
Are you and your special someone interested in a holiday? A serene, quiet, and romantic getaway is all that is…
The most ecstatic moment that comes in one’s life is making some beautiful memories with our loved one that makes…
free affiliate marketing companies list affiliate marketing jobs from home in india | best affiliate marketing websites uk affiliate marketing jobs salary
On the other hand, affiliate marketing provides a more robust framework for tracking, measuring and drawing reliable conclusions about ROI, since affiliates use unique tracking IDs appended to their affiliate link URLs when driving traffic to your site. You could, for example, compare conversion rate and average order value between affiliate traffic and organic search traffic, or see which affiliate is responsible for the most conversions. (Sometimes, a handful of “super affiliates” can be responsible for 50-70 percent of the entire program’s conversions.) Of course, you can use both forms simultaneously. Influencers are generally used more for brand awareness strategy, whereas affiliates primarily drive new sales. Get the best of both worlds by using them together.
Google also began to suggest that publishers should be “nofollow”-ing links to advertisers, or else the publisher’s site could get hit with a Google penalty. This can all be avoided by establishing clear guidelines, staying up to date with FTC disclosure laws (and vehemently enforcing those disclosures), and prohibiting misrepresentation of your endorsements.
Basically, within the whole customer conversion funnel, from awareness stage to purchase, there should be a strong match between your product and your audience. In the funnel, customers start with the awareness stage. And when the product has great conversion rates, it means that customers move quicker through the funnel down to the sale stage, where brands and affiliates make money.
Pay-Per-Click is also considered as widespread and common affiliate agreement. Under this agreement, the affiliate marketers will get fixed rates depending on the number of clients who click on the links placed on the affiliate website that leads to the merchant website. Here a purchase is not necessary to earn commissions, all that has to be done is that the client clicks the link and stays at least thirty seconds on the merchant website. Regardless of what the visitor does on the merchant site, this will not affect the commission.
Companies will pay you to sit on mock juries to give attorneys and other jury consultants feedback on cases they are currently handling. Think of these as focus groups. The cases are real, but your verdict will do little more than give those involved a prediction of how things might go. You can earn fees ranging from $5 to $60. Be sure to read all the disclaimers and details. Go to:
These endeavors aren’t without traps and challenges, though, so before we take a look at some legitimate ways to make money from your home, let’s review a few things that you should avoid. Unfortunately, if you want to earn an honest living from home, you’re also a common target of scammers, especially in these economically tough times. But if you keep these simple rules in mind, you won’t become a victim of one of the many work from home scams.
​Be sure to check what kind of customer support you can expect from your affiliate program once you have signed up. Do your research online and if possible, speak to other sellers using the program to get their thoughts. Can you speak to someone via phone or Skype or do you have to wait 72 hours for email responses? Be clear on this because trust me, you will need support at one point or another.
It’s free to join the SellHealth affiliate program, though you do have to apply and be accepted before you can start promoting their products. Once you’re accepted, you’ll have access to a number of tools, graphics, banners and more that you can use to promote SellHealth products. The sales are actually made at company-owned Websites, which look professional and handle all of the selling. Commissions vary, but the base rate is 30% of all sales and upsells, and SellHealth says you can earn up to $350 per sale.
Dress up your space with a high quality wall flag. This 36”x60” wall flag is made of 100% polyester knit; equipped with grommets for an authentic look and feel. The flag is a one sided semitransparent print perfect for indoor applications.
Join us for a moms prayer group that meets weekly at Park Slope Community Church. Childcare is available. Please check with the host to confirm the group is meeting this week.
Check it out: we're hosting our annual #TGCHalloween Celebration on Wed 31 October (4-7pm) with two treat stations… https://t.co/BF4jb0pGF4
Follow our weekly podcast, learn about our ministries, manage your online giving, and discover ways to get connected with our mobile app.
Trinity Grace Church is a non-denominational Christian church in Park Slope, Brooklyn. Our vision as a church is to join God in the renewal of all things, and for us this begins in our lives and neighborhood.
This activity is not sponsored, or endorsed, by the New York City Department of Education or the City of New York.
Here is required knowledge on . We have the cool resources for Coloring Page Cute For Kids. Check it out for yourself! You can find Cow Coloring Pages 1 Inside 2 guide and view the latest in this page.
The inspiring digital imagery above, is part of editorial which is labeled within Coloring category. We hope, you can acquire comprehensive information and guides about Cow Coloring Pages 1 Inside 2 and , which may give more info about Coloring Page Cute For Kids.
This digital imagery of Cow Coloring Pages 1 Inside 2 has dimension 1024x768 pixels, you can download and obtain the Cow Coloring Pages 1 Inside 2 digital imagery by right click on the clicking the right mouse to get the high-res version.
Milinkovic-Savic, 23, was heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford back in the summer. Yet a deal did not...
So, if he turns to Milinkovic-Savic within the Jan transfer window, expect the latter to feature aboard subject Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba in a very eye trio.
Pogba, whose own relationship with Mourinho is at breaking point, is believed to be seeking a move of his own.
Yet when United forked out a large £90m to bring the France international back to the club in 2016, it’s unlikely they’ll permit him to go through the access door within the middle of a campaign.
However, the Brazilian has did not hit the bottom running at Old Trafford, manufacturing a very shaky show in their 3-2 defeat away at Brighton back in August.
A number of players ar reportedly wanting to depart United; with Luke Shaw, Anthony Martial and Juan Mata simply 3 of many key men because of become free agents next summer.
Jose Mourinho makes fresh Paul Pogba claim as he states Frenchman was never Manchester United’s vice-captain
Latest Highlights Football and Goals from major leagues of high Quality with a single click ,Huge community of football fans from around the world
2. กรุงเทพฯ groongM thaehpF Bangkok, a province in central Thailand, having the largest provincial population, probably around 8 million (including metropolitan areas in surrounding provinces)
notes The full name of Thailand's capital, shown above, is considered the longest place name in the world. Click here for an audio pronounciation. Most of the exaltation is usually abbreviated in the intrest of practicality.
advised to have a damp proof course and cavity wall insulation stroud: Hі, Ӏ do think this iss an excellent site. І stumbledupon iit ;) Ι maү revvisit yet agaіn...
heatshield plus maintenance plan including parts and labour longhope: A motivating discussion is definitely worth comment. There's no doubt that that you need to...
free robux codes: My brother suggested I might like this website. He was entirely right. This post actually made mmy...
batu beskos: It's in point of fact a nice and helpful piece of info. I am glad that you just shared this...
Skin by M1REACT. Designed by M1STORY.TISTORY.COM. Valid XHTML 1.0 and CSS 3. Copyright ⓒ 광주로. All rights reserved.
This is the online course Basic Costing. It has two modules and is brought to us by the Philippine Trade Training Center (PTTC) of the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI).
This is the online course on Basic Food Safety in Trade. It has two modules and is brought to us by the Philippine Trade Training Center (PTTC) of the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI).
This course will introduce you to the world of training and shall guide you on how to undertake training from beginning to end. It shall cover both the technical and administrative aspects of training organization and management.
Cross-sectional analyses have demonstrated an association between use of hormonal contraceptives and shedding of herpes simplex virus (HSV). This prospective study evaluated the effect of initiating use of hormonal contraception on cervical HSV detection. Two hundred women who were seropositive for HSV-2 and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) type 1 were examined for cervical mucosal HSV by use of quantitative DNA polymerase chain reaction before and after beginning the use of hormonal contraceptives. Cervical HSV was detected in 32 women (16.0%) before initiating and in 25 women (12.5%) after initiating use of hormonal contraception (P=.4). There were no significant differences in HSV shedding among the subgroups of women starting combination oral contraceptives containing both estrogen and progesterone or progesterone-onlycontraceptives. Among the 54 women who shed HSV at least once, the median change in cervical HSV after initiation of hormonal contraception was -313 copies/swab. In this prospective study, use of hormonal contraceptives did not increase detection of cervical HSV
Levitra has received an official approval of the FDA for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. It helps men with ED keep an erection long enough to have a sexual intercourse.
Your order will be packed safe and secure and dispatched within 24 hours. This is exactly how your parcel will look like (pictures of a real shipping item). It has a size and a look of a regular private letter (9.4x4.3x0.3 inches or 24x11x0.7cm) and it does not disclose its contents
There is no review for this product at the moment, but you can be the first to add or you can read more in Testimonials Page about related products.
Levitra Professional is used to treat erectile dysfunction. Its active component is Vadernafil. Vardenafil relaxes muscles and increases blood flow to particular areas of the body. It electrifies orgasms, betters time control over ejaculation process and maximized increase in penis width, girth and length.
It is a reformulated advanced prescription pharmaceutical with the highest degree of effectiveness in the sphere of male erectile dysfunction treatment.
The penis contains two chambers called the corpora cavernosa, which run the length of the organ A spongy tissue fills the chambers. The corpora cavernosa are surrounded by a membrane, called the tunica albuginea. The spongy tissue contains smooth muscles, fibrous tissues, spaces, veins, and arteries. The urethra, which is the channel for urine and ejaculate, runs along the underside of the corpora cavernosa and is surrounded by the corpus spongiosum.
Taking Levitra Professional about 10 minutes to 15 minutes before your sexual intercourse will relieve your mind from stress and anxiety and grant you an enhanced ability to achieve most pleasurable orgasm and climaxes with the help of improved nerve conduction.
Levitra Professional may cause dizziness, drowsiness, fainting, or blurred vision. Alcohol, exercise, hot weather, or fever may increase these effects. To prevent them, sit up or stand slowly, especially in the morning. Sit or lie down at the first sign of any of these effects. Do not use other medicines or treatments for erectile dysfunction while you are taking Levitra Professional. Levitra Professional does not stop the spread of HIV or other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) to others through sexual contact. Use barrier methods of birth control (e.g., condoms) if you have HIV infection or an STD. This medicine will not prevent pregnancy. If your partner may become pregnant and you wish to avoid pregnancy, be sure to use an effective form of birth control.
Levitra Professional is not approved for use in women. Discuss with your doctor if you are pregnant, plan to become pregnant.
Do not use Levitra Professional if you are you are allergic to any ingredient in Levitra Professional; you have been advised by your doctor to avoid sexual activity because of heart problems; you have heart problems (e.g., unstable angina, severe heart failure), low blood pressure, or uncontrolled high blood pressure; you have certain hereditary degenerative eye problems (e.g., retinitis pigmentosa) ; you have severe liver problems or severe kidney problems that require dialysis; you have had a heart attack, stroke, or life-threatening irregular heartbeat within the past 6 months; you are taking nitrates (e.g., isosorbide, nitroglycerin) in any form (e.g., tablet, capsule, patch, ointment), nitroprusside, or certain antiarrhythmics (e.g., quinidine, amiodarone); you use certain recreational drugs called poppers (e.g., amyl nitrate, butyl nitrate).
The most common side effects include dizziness; heartburn; flushing; headache; upset stomach; stuffy or runny nose.
The serious side effects include severe allergic reactions like itching; rash; hives; swelling of the mouth, face, lips, or tongue; difficulty breathing; tightness in the chest; severe or persistent dizziness; chest pain; back or muscle pain; fainting; prolonged, painful erection; ringing in the ears; severe or persistent vision changes; sudden hearing loss.
If you miss a dose of Levitra Professional, take it as soon as possible. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not take 2 doses at once.
If you think you have taken too much of Levitra you need to seek medical help. The symptoms of a possible overdose include muscle pain, back pain, vision problems. In case of having a prolonged and painful erection contact your doctor immediately as this condition may cause permanent damage to the penis if not treated properly.
Store Levitra Professional at room temperature, between 68 and 77 degrees F (20 and 25 degrees C). Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Keep Levitra Professional out of the reach of children and away from pets.
We provide only general information about medications which does not cover all directions, possible drug integrations, or precautions. Information at the site cannot be used for self-treatment and self-diagnosis. Any specific instructions for a particular patient should be agreed with your health care adviser or doctor in charge of the case. We disclaim reliability of this information and mistakes it could contain. We are not responsible for any direct, indirect, special or other indirect damage as a result of any use of the information on this site and also for consequences of self-treatment.
Waythemes is a blogger resources site is a provider of high quality blogger template with premium looking layout and robust design
This forum is for discussion of what weather events can be traded on TradeWx.com 2 0 Oct 30 2018, 02:19 PM
This forum is for discussion of Forecaster Challenge as a weather forecasting game offered by AccuWeather 3 5 Yesterday, 11:45 AM
This forum is for discussion of Current and Short-Term U.S. weather events. THIS FORUM IS STRUCTURED AND MONITORED.
This forum is for discussion of current and short-term weather events outside of the U.S. or Canada.
Meteorology (Computer Models, Indices, etc.), Storm Chasing, anything else weather-related but NOT part of the Current Weather map.
This forum is for people to talk about Historical Storms (>1 year ago) or tell their weather stories.
For discussions of software packages which power more than one specific weather station model (ex.: VWS, WeatherDisplay, WV32, etc.), or IP Devices that perform similar functions.
For discussion or questions regarding weather stations not having their own Forums, or other gadgets or software.
Anything NON-weather related that you would like to talk about, from computers to news, sports, politics, other hobbies, etc.
Get help, view video tutorials on how to use the Forums, make suggestions, reports bugs, test posts or posting techniques here.
I'm Working on getting more ChargePoints into McDonalds. There may be 1 more in the pipeline shortly.
Hey, if every McDonalds between Sydney and Canberra had Chademo I'd name my 2nd Child Ronald and pay $20.
Also could you bring your Tesla to J1772 adapter please, I'd really like to look at it, and pick your brain If I get a chance.
any news on new Chargepoints in Mcdonalds stores? Sadly there is a distinct lack of chargepoints on the southern side of Sydney.
Kellyville North McD onalds is also installing them. The trick is to approach franchise owners and ask them to install a ChargePoint as McDonalds corporate are taking a wait and see approach ATM. If you find a franchisee who is interested I would be happy to talk to them
there are a few locations that would be suitable, Engadine, very busy store, and the last one to the south of Sydney, also, stores at Marulan on the Hume Hwy, and Sutton forest.
as for payment, wouldnt paying per KWH be possible? as compared to per charge, eg, a Tesla owner with a 70Kw pack would obviously use far more to charge than a PHEV Owner with a 12Kwh pack. paying $10 for a 12 or less Kw charge doesnt make sense, but the same for a Tesla owner would, paying something like $0.30 per KW/H would make sense for all users. at $0.30 per Kwh for a PHEV owner would still be cheaper than using petrol to recharge, but still more expensive than using a home charger and paying the usual retail rates.
I don't know how easy payment by kwh would be but that is obviously the fairest. If not, I think $10 is pretty steep considering how little energy you'll actually get if you sit there and read the paper and eat a burger for an hour or 2. Maybe $5 seems more reasonable. Or a big discount if you spend $10 or more in the store - something like that. I assume that's part of the reason McD would install these, it gets people in their restaurants who will hang around trying all the desert options on the menu!
Lauraimiev the $10 suggested charge was only for a Rapid DC charge ie 30 min not a J1772 slow charge.
Ultralights, charging for electricity by Kwhr is only permitted by energy retailers-no one else, hence charging by time or the alternative business model of charging the customers a monthly fee to access a network, as is the case OS.
I doubt I am alone in saying that the more charging points the better! I also second ultralights comment about there being very few charge points south of Sydney.
We discussed, in a separate thread, the ways to improve charging stations and agreed that their usefulness is largely dependent on:
If someone finds a MacDonalds franchisee willing to install a charge point, could they attempt to get the franchisee to position the charge point well away from the front door and have it distinctly marked as not available for ICE parking?
With a solid PC port that has server browser support for each online portion of the game, all sins will be forgiven.
Seems we might possibly getting a PC port? Of course, some really fucking stupid ideas getting upvoted, but maybe it would be worth it to sign up for an account and suggest something...
For me, behind PC support with an actual server browser and custom map/game/gametype rotations, it would be fixing the horrendous UI/user experience.
I'm not holding my breath for anything 343 does, but if they made the MCC a play-anywhere game so that I don't have to buy it again on PC, that would be nice. Releasing classic Halo on Steam with full modding support would be nicer though, even if it means I have to buy them again.
If they fix it so that it is a playable experience again I will do whatever I need to in order to pick it back up, even if that means buying another Xbone... I would obviously prefer a PC port but I really miss playing Halo online.
I'm incredibly optimistic about this... Especially the blurbs about offline LAN support, the possibility of a custom game browser, and Halo: CE features.
The fact that they have chosen to address the MCC and do a massive overhaul like this is a really positive sign, I think.
I talked to the wife, and she has agreed to me getting an Xbox One X and a 4k TV when this update goes live. Very excited.
Better than the abomination we have now, at least. Hopefully it will continue to improve as time goes on.
Hey, this thing works now. Definitely lost any semblance on my ability to play it, though - routinely getting my shit stomped online. Couch co-op with the wife is a fuckin' blast, though.
Hi ! A few days ago I installed a plugin fro Wordpress called W3 Total Cache and noticed about a day or two later my disk space usage was up. I wasn't sure what was causing it at the time .So I checked "disk space usage " in cpanel and found " Other Usage" was as high as my public_html folder.Being unfamiliar with this "other usage" I didn't think too much of it.Today I check my cpanel and other usage is about double what it was a couple of days ago. Figuring it was the plugin that caused the creation of a bunch of garbage files, I uninstalled the plugin (other people have had this problem too- i looked it up) . This may stop usage of still more space on my disk but it did not remove the offending files which I have no way of accessing as "other usage" is not listed in file manager.I only have 500mb total disk space with about 264 mb taken up already- public_html is using 73.34mb and "other usage" is at 148.68mb.I would like to get my disk space back that this plugin wasted .Any thoughts? By the way,I didn't backup my site except for a softaculous backup of Wordpress.
To have this Other Usage, which is materially taking up your disk space, removed from the logs, we need to have access to your cPanel.
Can you please email our support team at support@canadianwebhosting.com using the email address listed on file so that our support engineers can further check as to what these files are?
If you have further concerns, you can include it in your email to our support team which will generate a ticket ID for your reference.
If you're on social media, we invite you to connect with Canadian Web Hosting on Twitter and Facebook too. Feel free to drop your domain name here for us.
O.k The issue has been resolved -they couldn't find any garbage files .The cache was cleared and I just had to wait until cpanel refreshed the disk space usage .Everything's back to normal now. My website is: http://philmorin.ca
That's great to hear. We liked your Facebook page now too. Thanks again for reaching out to us via our forum. Have a great weekend.
Note, that the length of the wig can vary and you should try the other way around, if this doesn't work.
Recently teasing its upcoming collection , the NIGO -helmed imprint, HUMAN MADE , provides a closer look at its collaboration with the fast-food chain KFC . Delving into the...
After official imagery of Nike 's new LW WR Mid ISPA was released recently, the all black colorway of the sneaker now gets an up-close look. The sleek colorway sees the mid-top...
Skate brand Alltimers shines light on its Holiday 2018 collection and new pro-rider Dustin Henry in this latest lookbook. Captured by photographer Michael J Fox, the seasonal...
Nicole Benisti Represented By Purple PR. Nicole Benisti is an outerwear brand based in Montreal. The outerwear is geared towards the modern day woman, exuding effortless...
Building Construction Buttress: bonded masonry column integral part of wall provides lateral stability decreases in thickness from top to bottom Curtain Walls: metal, plywood, stucco stick systems mullion-and-panel systems panel systems Glazing ...
Precast Concrete Construction 3 Depending on the wall layout, there are three basic configurations of large-panel buildings: Cross-wall system. The main walls that resist gravity and lateral loads are placed in the short direction of the building. Longitudinal-wall ...
braced wall panel construction methods in the IRC and are listed in Table 5-1. Method 1, let-in bracing, is not allowed to be used in regions of high earthquake hazard because it often will ...
The following is an example of materials and construction needed to build a high tunnel. HighTunnels.org Search for: ... End Wall Hip Board Side Wall Baseboard Frame & Framing Materials The frame supports the structure and must withstand various stresses ...
Choose Seven Trust, which is your right choice, high quality wood-plastic composite deck, floor, fence, wallboard, can be used for a long time.
Oct 5, 2011 . Update: Here is my completed kitchen remodeled as featured in Better Homes and Gardens! My island is still holding up great and I love it! Heather of At The Picket Fence Better Homes and Gardens Feature. photo courtesy of BHG. As just a little recap. I am in the middle of a major DIY Kitchen Remodel
Oct 23, 2016 . Dating to pre-Revolutionary days, the first wooden fences developed as sturdy, simple, and utilitarian boundaries to keep chickens in or out of gardens. Usually made of local .. For the quintessential paint color, see Rehab Diary: Dream Kitchen for Under $3,000 on Remodelista. Looking for more picket..
May 30, 2013 . How To Make a Wood Fence Board Countertop - Laminate Counter Cover Up - foxhollowcottage. . DIY Repurposed Wood Fence Board Counter Top Tutorial - Aqua Shabby Chippy Rustic Home Decorating - . Vintage Cottage Kitchen Tour - full of thrifted and DIY projects - Spring at foxhollowcottage
Mar 22, 2018 . Clay pots and a cedar fence picket are turned into a beautiful kitchen herb planter. Use it for a . These herb garden plans are so easy, you can whip up a countertop herb garden in just minutes. . This simple wood project is so easy you will want to make countertop herb gardens for everyone you know
Apr 6, 2010 . How to build a simple garden fence .. Fence looks awesome! I'm moving to a new house and will have to put in a new fence so this is definitely an option for building it! Very simple! How did you do the gate? . awesome fence - now if I were not so useless when it comes to working with wood. What State..
Feb 11, 2016 . Today on Modern Builds I'm building a HUGE outdoor kitchen with a grill, sink, storage, and seating. Concrete Counters: . DIY Modern Outdoor Kitchen and Bar | Modern Builds | EP. 21 . My contractor built a very similar outdoor kitchen, I too was concerned about grill heat on the wood framing. It has not..
Mar 1, 2016 . I've been itching for a good DIY project and wanted the kitchen to match the nursery a little more so I decided to do a little kitchen reno of my own. It was pretty simple to do and and at the end of this post I'll share the supplies I used for the project and how I did it. But first, a look at the before. .and the after:
Chevron Picket Fence Art. 3.6K Views. Homey Home Design. Homey Home DesignHometalker Sparta, MI. This simple picket fence screen was updated with a chevron stripe to create a statement in my kitchen. chevron picket fence art, home decor, See my link for more details about this. See my link for more details about..
Build a Cheap Wood Picket Fence for $200. Picket Fence GardenWood Picket FenceFarm FenceDiy FenceWhite Picket FencesPallet FenceWood FencesGarden FencesCheap Garden Fencing. build a cheap wood picket fence around the kitchen garden. chickens from using it as their personal space..
2.Picket Fence Organizers. Renewing my garden look is one of the projects I have to do when welcoming a new season. Now that it is spring, I thought wood projects will sound better. Gardens . It is a gorgeous DIY project, a place to put all your plants and watch time growing throughput the year. . Kitchen Decoration tips..
Aug 19, 2015 . I didn't really know what I was going to do with it until I saw our finished kitchen table and I had an idea to take the fence apart and build a trowel of sorts I have also been . The construction is pretty simple and if you can't find an old picket fence you could always use new parts. Just do some sort of..
Every kitchen eventually reaches the point at which it looks worn-out. Everyone is well aware that kitchen . Whether it's a simple oak or maple strip installation or a complex parquet pattern, the ric By Neal Barrett · Home. Sep 30, 2009 . Build A Picket Fence. An elegant picket fence that's easy to build. By Neal Barrett
Jan 22, 2013 . DIY bathroom countertop made from wood fence pickets. I wanted it to look . I used the cheap cedar fence pickets that are really rough, and only $1.97 each. .. I've seen many ppl use the Butcher Block countertops from Ikea (like you did your for kitchen) but I don't have an Ikea anywhere near me. This is a..
Pairing a clean-lined aluminum frame with a paneled plastic and resin top, this understated dining table makes a low-key yet on-trend addition to any outdoor entertainment space. Set it on the veranda with a set of matching steel and wood chairs to enjoy al fresco family dinners and casual brunches in style, then hang up..
Gussy up your porch in time for outdoor entertaining. . Paneling the underside of your porch roof with wood is strictly an aesthetic endeavor, of course. . However, if for some reason the joists of your porch roof are exposed, don't fret; you can either put up sheets of plywood first or, if your joists run parallel to the house, tack..
The TV Shield is the leading affordable alternative to an expensive outdoor TV (that don't provide impact/theft/vandalism resistance), and the industry leader in indoor, and weatherproof outdoor TV cabinet solutions. The unit is manufactured in the USA using a HMWPE (High Molecular-Weight Polyethylene) plastic case..
3/4 X 36 X 48 Cellular PVC Trim Board Synthetic Wood Plastic Sheet Outdoor Grade Palight White Smooth/Smooth Note: This can be relatively expensive to ship because it is considered oversize. Consider multiple smaller pieces if you don't need it all in one piece. GAMMA · Gamma Specials · Red · White · Black · Blue..
Includes a 1/4 Inch thick clear plastic front shield that provides an ultra-clear view of your TV when closed. Everything Proof: The TV Shield is engineered to be weather resistant, light, durable, secure and affordable. The 1/4 inch thick shatter & impact resistant front panel manufactured from Lexan ultra-clear polycarbonate
I researched LED,LCD,PLASMA water resistant enclosures for years, looking for something other than the 4-6k outdoor TV's (too much for me and wifey) . Wood is easier to work with than either plastic or sheet metal, and can be made adequately waterproof with suitable paint and stain (your house being evidence thereof)
SunBriteTV Pro Series Direct Sun Outdoor TV - 55". This 55 Pro Series Direct Sun Outdoor LED HDTV is water-resistant, resilient, and durableguaranteed to function safely and effectively in a wide variety of elements including rain, snow, extreme heat and cold, dust, salt air, and beyond. A tempered glass shield..
Buffet base and hutch are crafted from solid Acacia wood, in a weather brown finish over a wire brushed texture application, providing a recycled wood look. Door, shelves, side and back panels are all slated to provide for expansion of the wood if used outdoor. The buffets large full-length shelf, lower open shelf area, and..
Outdoor Smart TV, Plasma, LCD and LED TV cabinets manufactured by PEC are made of high quality materials like HMWPE outdoor plastic or aluminum and steel. Unlike wood, materials used for Protective Enclosures Company's outdoor LED TV cabinets hold up strong against the elements, preventing threats like..
CHATEAUGUAY, QUEBEC — The Amsterdam Zephyrs started their first ever Empire Football League playoff game against the Chateauguay Titans with just over 11 players .
Many Zephyrs could not cross the Canadian border and therefore could not make the trip to the Montreal area. The Zephyrs were so short-handed that their head coach Dom Ruggeri had to suit up and play left offensive tackle.
Mike Philo scored a 5-yard rushing score in the second quarter while quarterback Ken Shaefer hit Bo Goodreau for a 7-yard scoring pass. Alvaro Montez kicked a field goal for the Zephyrs.
Chateauguay scored both of their touchdowns on passes 7 and 30 yards out. The Zephyrs blocked an extra point, but Chateauguay kicked two field goals which set up the 19-17 final.
Amsterdam drove inside Chateauguay's 30 yard line twice in the fourth quarter but came up just short of being in field goal range. The team finishes 5-6 overall.
"The offense did well but key penalties in the second half hurt us. We were very short handed and I can't say enough about these guys. I'm proud of what this team did and accomplished this season," Ruggeri said.
Scott Perry is bringing two things to the Scranton Eagles as they prepare for the Empire Football League playoffs, plenty of big game experience and a steady foot for an inconsistent kicking game.
Perry will look to pay some dividends as the local team travels to Canada tonight to battle the Ottawa Demon Deacons in an EFL quarterfinal game. The 40-year old kicker, a former Abington Heights and Moravian College standout, came back to the team after a chance conversation with Eagles coach Mike Arcure.
"Believe it or not, I ran into him in the supermarket," Arcure said. "I just asked him if he would like to play." It took a little coaxing, but Perry agreed to return.
After getting a tryout with the Philadelphia Eagles, Perry originally joined the local squad in 1989. In his first two seasons, he helped the team garner a pair of national championships. Perry still holds the team record with a 54-yard field goal against the Newburgh Raiders in 1996. Leaving the Eagles in 2000, Perry returned to help the Northern Tier Bruins to a national title in 2004.
"Scott can still make kicks and is able to kick it deep on kickoffs," Arcure said. "He also brings a lot of character and leadership to this team."
During the first six games this season, Eagles' kickers accounted for just four points. At one point, the team was living and dying by the two-point conversion.
In the last four games, Perry scored 12 points on three extra points and three-for-five in field goals.
In his first game back, Perry converted an extra point and a field goal in a 10-7 victory over the Deacon Demons. "When I came back, only Mike and my girlfriend, Ellen, felt I could do it," Perry said. "Everybody said that I was too old and couldn't play anymore."
The Eagles (3-7) finished the regular season in third place in the EFL Western Division, one-half game behind Ottawa. Scranton and the Deacon Demons split their two regular season matches, each team winning at home. The winner of tonight's game will travel to division champion Watertown next Saturday with the league championship scheduled for the October 6.
AMSTERDAM — Still stinging from their 14-3 loss last Saturday to the Watertown Red and Black, the Amsterdam Zephyrs will take to the road for their opening round game of the Empire Football League playoffs.
"We finished in a tie for second place in our division," Zephyrs coach Dom Ruggeri said. "Chat-eauguay won the home field advantage on scoring differential."
The Zephyrs entered the game against the Red and Black shorthanded, then lost running back Elijah White on the first series with an ankle injury. Early-game errors hurt the Zephyrs in their attempt to bring an opening round home game to Lynch Middle School.
"We made two mistakes early in the game where they only had to go a total of 25 yards for two scores, " Ruggeri said. "We are going to be shorthanded again this week, which will be a huge disadvantage against Chateauguay. We are going to be down about 20 guys, but we are going to give it everything we have. I am proud of these guys. We went from winning three games last year to winning seven this year. That says a lot about this organization."
The Amsterdam Zephyrs' worst fear came true last Saturday. The only way the Zephyrs could have lost the right to play a home game in first round of the Empire Football League playoffs was their own loss to the Watertown Red and Black combined with a Chateauguay Titans win over the Ottawa Deacon Demons and a Lake City Stars win over the Scranton Eagles and it happened.
Amsterdam finished 5-5, for a second place tie with Chateauguay in the EFL's East Division. The tie breaker came down to head-to-head point differential which Chateauguay had an eight point advantage over Amsterdam
The reason this is Amsterdam's worst nightmare is because more than half their roster is unable to cross the Canadian border. Amsterdam is left with 17 players that will compete tonight in Chateauguay, located near Montreal.
Amsterdam head coach Dom Ruggeri says the atmosphere of his team is optimistic despite the odds being stacked against them
"My guys are saying they will be there for Vermont," Ruggeri said. "Just win this week and we'll be back next week is what they are saying. I'm glad they have a winning spirit. They'll play hard for four quarters. It's a tough situation that hurts us tremendously. The Canadian laws are what they are. If we can somehow win, then going to Vermont will be much easier when we're fully loaded."
Some of Ruggeri's key players he will be missing include starting running back Jorge Rodriguez and wide receiver/backup quarterback Eric Johnson. On defense the team will be missing their top star Rick Hulett as well as starters Rick Fish, Greg Woodard and Penta Thomas.
Starting tailback, and the EFL's leading rusher, Elijah White will also be out of action but not because of the border situation. White hurt his ankle on the first play from scrimmage in last week's loss to Watertown.
Ruggeri will have Ken Shaefer returning to the lineup after a one week absence. Shaefer missed last week's game due to a family commitment. At one point Shaefer led the EFL in passing. Shaefer's favorite target, the EFL's leading receiver, Cedrick Pearman will be available as well.
Ruggeri also has his full defensive secondary available which could become the biggest factor in the game. Ruggeri suspects that Chateauguay will try to attack Amsterdam with their passing game.
"Their quarterback has had a great year and we handled their running game well this season," said Ruggeri.
"We are going to put the game in Kenny's (Shaefer's) hands. He is more than capable of carrying the offense on his shoulders and has done it before," said Ruggeri.
When Amsterdam visited Chateauguay in the regular season with the same 17 players, they lost due in large part to an interception that went for a touchdown and a kickoff return touchdown from the Titans. Amsterdam lost the game 34-18 on July 28. They defeated Chateauguay 35-28 at home on August 18.
"I'm very proud of this team. Our first goal was to make the playoffs, second was to advance and third to win the championship. It's amazing what we've done with this team in two years," said Ruggeri.
The Empire Football League formally concluded its regular season schedule on September 22nd. The playoff format includes the top 3 teams from each division and playoffs are scheduled to start September 29th. The Empire Football League Championship on October 13th will be hosted by the highest ranking division winner.
Kellen Nolan scored his second touchdown of the game, a 1-yard quarterback sneak with 4:13 to go, to lift the Lake City Stars over the Scranton Eagles, 14-10, Saturday night at Scranton Memorial Stadium.
The Stars (4-5-1) took the lead with 6:08 to go in the first half when Nolan scored on a 16-yard bootleg to give Lake City a 7-3 advantage.
The Eagles regained the lead late in the third quarter when, after Andy Minnick recovered a Lake City fumble near midfield, quarterback Ted Wallingford found Christian Grandzol for a 27-yard scoring strike and a 10-7 lead.
The Eagles had a chance to capitalize on another Stars' miscue with 1:37 left in the game when Victor Rivero intercepted a pass, which he returned to his 35-yard line. After Wallingford took off on a 14-yard run, he found Cory Champi with a pass to put the Eagles in Lake City territory. However, Wallingord was sacked and the Eagles were unable to move the ball before time expired.
Wallingford went 14-for-27 for 157 yards through the air while Phil Ross led the ground attack with 62 yards on 19 carries. George Romiti, playing in his 150th consecutive game, led the defense with 13 tackles.
Despite the loss, the Eagles (3-7) qualified for the Empire Football League playoffs and will travel to Ottawa, Ontario to battle the Deacon Demons next Saturday.
— SCRANTON, Pa. -- The streaking Lake City Stars defeated the Scranton Eagles 14-10 Saturday night to keep their Empire Football League playoff hopes alive.
The Stars, who improved to 4-5-1 with their third straight victory, needed Ottawa to beat Chateauguay Saturday to reach the postseason. A Chateauguay victory would eliminate Lake City.
"No matter what happens, I'm happy with the way the season ended, if it did end tonight," Stars Coach Pat Keleher said.
"The young guys have figured it out and are coming on. Hopefully, next year we can get a little more depth."
The hosts took a 3-0 lead, but Kellen Nolan rambled 37 yards to score in the second and Elijah Parks added the point after to give the Stars a 7-3 lead at halftime.
Scranton regained the lead with a touchdown with 58 seconds left in the third quarter, making it 10-7.
But a 60-yard interception return by Jordon Keleher in the fourth set up the game-winning score by Lake City. Brandon Keleher punched it over from the 2 with 3:11 left in regulation and Parks added the PAT to make it 14-10.
Parks, who had never kicked before, was pressed into service this week when regular placekicker Ryan DeCamp was unable to make the trip.
"It was a Tuesday night decision," Pat Keleher explained. "Brandon is in grad school in Boston and he called to say he wouldn't be able to make it this week; so we went Elijah."
Lake City's defense proved tough, coming up with three interceptions and some big plays in the second half.
In case it didn't know the feeling, the Watertown Red and Black defense found out Saturday night that it's nice to be needed.
The unit, which has now allowed just 10 points in four games, cleared the way for yet another Empire Football League victory — this time a 14-3 result over the Amsterdam Zephyrs at the Alex T. Duffy Fairgrounds.
The offense wasn't accomplishing much. In tallying its lowest point total of the season, the Red and Black turned the ball over four times and gained just 106 yards of total offense.
The group only loosely resembled the one that had averaged 31.9 points in the first nine games of the regular season. Still, the guys on the other side of the ball came to the rescue to ensure that Anthony Noel's two first half touchdowns would be enough.
"We wanted to send a message, and we played better tonight than all season," linebacker Kyle Roshia said. "Even without the shutout."
Amsterdam never moved in the right direction, finishing with negative-5 yards of total offense. Watertown forced five turnovers and sacked Ty Fish five times. Fish spent practically all night with a myriad of Red and Black defenders in his face.
"Finally the defense got some good pressure up the middle," Watertown head coach George Ashcraft said. "It's a good thing when our defensive tackles and defensive ends are getting sacks. I wouldn't want to be a QB rolling out and seeing (Greg) Roberson running after me. He'll eat you."
Roberson stopped short of ingesting the Zephyrs signal-caller, but he did sack him twice. While Amsterdam lost league-leading rusher Elijah White on the game's first play, it's unlikely his presence would have made a difference.
"They started getting predictable, and then our defense just started getting after it," Roberson said. "Once we started working a lot of stunts and things, we got some guys free."
Despite his game-high 66 rushing yards, Noel and the rest of the offense could have endured a much more frustrating end to the night. He fumbled two third-quarter handoffs, and Todd Kiechle also tossed an interception just before the final quarter. But Amsterdam (5-5) seemed to not want to capitalize. It translated one of the fumbles into a 29-yard Alvaro Mortes field goal, but spent much of the rest of the game committing penalties and moving backward.
"We've preached all season that you got to just let the mistakes go," Noel said. "Our offense struggled tonight, but the defense played hard. And, they say, defense wins games."
Noel, though, held on when it mattered most. He converted a 1-yard dive in the first quarter and scored on an option from 5 yards out in the second. On Watertown's final series, he produced runs of 7, 10 and 19 yards.
Garrett Kline had two sacks, while Keith Jones, Brian Williams and Bryan Harris each intercepted a pass for Watertown, which will face Ottawa or Scranton in the playoffs Oct. 6 at the Fairgrounds.
Brad Ruderman threw for three touchdowns as the Ice Storm clinched home field in the EFL playoffs with a league win over the Trailblazers in Potsdam.
Austin Partain, Jason Griner, and Troy Canada reeled in the touchdown receptions for Vermont (9-1). Kyle Bombardier added a 30-yard interception return for a score.
Joe Hutchinson went 10-for-30 for 159 yards and a touchdown for St. Lawrence Valley (0-10). R.J. DuBois scored on a 7-yard touchdown reception in the third quarter, and Cheyenne Dashnaw scored on a 6-yard interception return in the fourth.
WATERTOWN — The Amsterdam Zephyrs were shorthanded on the offensive side of the football and dropped a 14-3 game Saturday night to the Watertown Red and Black.
After the Zephyrs fumbled on their own 5-yard line in the fourth quarter, the Zephyrs' defense held tough for three downs. However, Anthony Noel converted on fourth down with a 5-yard touchdown run gave the Red and Black a 7-0 lead.
Noel capitalized on another Amsterdam fumble in the second quarter as the Zephyrs coughed up the football on their own 20. Six plays later, Noel scored from eight yards out to give Watertown a 14-0 halftime lead.
Amsterdam was missing starting quarterback Ken Schaefer and the Zephyrs found out when they reached Watertown that they would also be without their starting left tackle because of a back injury causing the offense to struggle.
"I'm proud of these guys," Amsterdam coach Dominic Ruggeri said. "We came up shorthanded, but they showed they can be one of the best defenses in the league. My hat's off to Watertown. They're a tough team at home."
The Zephyrs (5-5) will move on to the Empire Football League playoffs and Saturday night were waiting for the outcome of the game between the Ottawa Deacon Demons and the Chateauguay Titans to find out whether they will host a playoff game.
Marc-André Guay (44) was one of the Titans' defensive players praised by head coach John Mouland in tough loss to Vermont.(Photo Andrew Clark)
The Chateauguay Titans came within a hair's breadth of handing Vermont Ice Storm their first loss of the Empire Football League season last Saturday, holding their powerful opponents to a 3-3 tie heading into overtime. But in the end they succumbed 10-3 and their playoff hopes remain in jeopardy.
"The only team that can beat the Titans is the Titans," head coach John Mouland observed afterwards. But he also took exception with what he termed were "two bad calls" by U.S. referees, quickly adding that this was "no excuse for losing."
One of the questionable calls came in overtime when the Titans were penalized 15 yards for having 12 men on the field. "It was fourth down and 14 yards to go for Vermont when they kicked to us. I admit we had 12 men on the field, but I was sure it should have been a five-yard penalty," Mouland recalls. "Instead, they were awarded a first down and it was a big letdown for our team."
The Titans' last chance to nail down a playoff berth will come this Saturday in Nepean at 7:30 p.m. when they lock horns with the perennial rival Ottawa Deacon Demons who whipped St. Lawrence Valley Trailblazers 24-6 last Saturday.
Plattsburgh's Lake City Stars climbed to within a point of Chateauguay in the East Division standings by edging the Amsterdam Zephyrs 30-29 last Saturday.
Chateauguay went up 3-0 on the Ice Storm on a 43-yard field goal by Andrew Blevings but offensively, that was all she wrote. "We just couldn't move the ball," Mouland lamented.
He did laud the vaunted Titans defence, however. "We made four interceptions," he noted. Singled out for praise were Wesley Joseph, Jean-Marc Michel, Marc-André Guay, Sébastien Archambault, Corvell Isaacs, Steve Crompton, Mike Coles, Jean Lerouge, Kevin Lloyd and the aforementioned Blevings.
How many times have you looked in a modern or contemporary home and noticed that it looks a lot like an art gallery? Why not use this effect to it's full potential. If you are creating a contemporary living room, why not use this space as your own personal gallery to show off a special sculpture or piece of wall art. You can use lighting to visually point everyone's eyes towards the piece as soon as they enter the room. You can even arrange the furniture in the room so guests can take a seat and contemplate the beauty in front of them.
With a contemporary or modern space, you want to stick with things that are sleek and free from intricate details. A single large mirror or abstract pieces that are square, round or triangular in shape work well with this type of decor. For those who love a warm, inviting appeal, artwork can be a bit more detailed. Tapestries, prints, and framed artwork are more country themed, consisting of rich, warm colors such as rust, cream, blue, pumpkin and gold. Just be sure to carry through with the overall color of the room, so that your wall decor complements or contrasts with furnishings, floors and other accents.
Tile art is growing in popularity as more people are noticing the fine craftsmanship that goes into each design. It is the perfect addition to any contemporary decor while adding style and warmth to your home. Whimsical wall hangings are another unique option you have when searching for a way to redecorate in a unique and exciting way. A great example of whimsical wall hangings is the "Jester with A Heart" wall art that is designed as a reminder to all that they should follow their dreams. These original one of a kind art pieces will simply amaze you each time you look at them.
mantel clocks wind up wall clock with pendulum extra large wall clocks large wall clocks mechanical wall clock pendulum wall clock with sound bulova pendulum wall clock large clock regulator wall clock large pendulum wall clock
Feel free to use the smilies on your forums. Just copy the URL under the smilie you want and copy it in your forum post.
All these smilies are free, so you also may copy and use them on your websites and forums. This collection of smilies is assembled by Forum Foxes 2 and Foxes Paranormal.
"Before 8:00 am of 24 June 1932 the news of the revolution spread throughout Bangkok; it was as if the event had been announced on the radio."
"At first, they spread out in Bangkok; from there they expanded to various regions throughout the Kingdom."
"The parents constantly listened for news from their children and grandchildren who went to work in Bangkok."
"As an individual under current conditions, it is becoming more and more of a challenge to live in the capital city of Bangkok under current conditions."
"This area of Bangkok is filled with all kinds of noise and clamor; the only [noise] missing is the crash and thud of bombs [dropping]."
"The Bangkok executive sketched out his dream that this location will be transformed into a new clean breathing space for the residents of Bangkok."
"The 'water retention' program involves providing certain locations to develop into water retention ponds in Bangkok."
"In addition in Khon Kaen there are still minibuses running along the main routes which serve the same function as the public bus systems in Bangkok."
"Bangkok became the commercial center for rice [trading] which became fully under the control of Chinese traders."
"If [the rice crop] was large, [the excess] would be sent to Bangkok; this would require that [the rice] be sold through rice broker called a “Yong”."
"Many rural people strive to come to find work in Bangkok in order to escape the difficult life of the countryside."
"Kids from rural areas study more easily than kids from Bangkok because they are not so [destructively] competitive with each other to get into school."
Helpful tips and advices are embedded in the course in the form of video clips shared by our subject matter specialist. Sample donor’s guidelines are accessible throughout the course in PDF format for your reference. These will help you get a better view of what funding agencies look for and how you structure your own proposal.
This online course aims to introduce the different concepts of Community Organizing (CO) as well as the various processes in implementing CO. With Community Organizing as an integral part in the development of a community, the course will be a helpful tool for agricultural extension workers (AEWs) that are immersed in the communities.
This online course is three modules long with end of module test after each module. The online course is developed and maintained by ATI-RTC11
This course is for Agricultural Extension Workers (AEWs) assigned in Local Government Units (LGUs). Quite commonly, marketing problems are currently regarded as beyond the scope of AEWs who are the officers in direct contact with farmers. Even when AEWs are able to identify marketing problems faced by farmers, their lack of expertise in this field or knowledge of appropriate sources of assistance makes them unable to help.
My name is Samina and I'm 22 years old Pakistani Girl.This sex incident happened a few years back when I went to my uncle for some e...
Viewtiful Rekk (10:30:44 PM): "Those two annoying demons are gone...." The bodies of Meso and Melissa lay at her feet. "And now I have all of the Demon King's possessions...." Munos's orb spins slightly in her hand.
Viewtiful Rekk (10:31:55 PM): "Perhaps I will seek out young Hayden again...he understood me quite well." She crosses her arms. "But I should finish dealing with the rest of this school first..."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:34:54 PM): "I suppose with those demons gone, the dorm heads of this school will seek me out..."
kwikkidus (10:35:33 PM): "There is no need." Arms folded, Zaniah stepped out onto the roof, coat tails fluttering in the wind. "It will be ending here, Yubel."
kwikkidus (10:38:30 PM): "You have been quite busy, Yubel. I cannot say I am surprised, but... I will have to ask you to return to your seal now."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:38:50 PM): Yubel grins. "I don't believe I'll be returning to that seal or any other.
kwikkidus (10:39:23 PM): "I would prefer you do this peacefully... you know fighting will not get either of us anywhere.'
Viewtiful Rekk (10:40:10 PM): "My duels against all of these students...and feeding on the exquisite darkness of their hearts..." She flexes a hand. "My full power has been returned."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:40:37 PM): "The last time I was at full strength, it took you, Cho Soren and Ichirou Komatsu your full strength just to seal me in that wretched well."
kwikkidus (10:41:16 PM): Now it's the hellnurse's turn to grin. "I believe it shall be sufficient to stop one such as yourself."
kwikkidus (10:42:41 PM): "There is really only one way to find out, I suppose..." She opens her belt pouch, pulling out a scalpel. "I should warn you, though... Honjous are not to be underestimated."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:42:42 PM): "I wonder..." A Duel Disk makes its way out of her arm. "Should I duel you two and add you to my army...or just kill you..."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:44:15 PM): "I could feast on the suffering in both of your hearts at the same time...how exquisite that would be."
kwikkidus (10:45:43 PM): "If I recall correctly... I seriously doubt defeating you would be effective in getting rid of you."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:46:03 PM): "Aah." Yubel tilts her head. "I can see Akira Kaito shared my techniques with you."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:46:42 PM): "She seems far more efficient than you...she, after all, was never thrown away."
kwikkidus (10:47:17 PM): Zaniah's eyes widen almost imperceptibly. "The past has nothing to do with today, Yubel."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:48:06 PM): "This day is all about the future." Her Duel Disk fades back into her arm. "The future that I will create once I defeat you."
kwikkidus (10:50:28 PM): "You will not find us quite so easily defeated as mere students, Yubel..." she points her scalpel at the monster. "This is not my first time in a fight."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:52:35 PM): "Nor is it mine." Both of Yubel's purple wings spread out. "Now...will you use your precious Seal of Darkness, or are we going to toy with each other first?"
kwikkidus (10:53:35 PM): "I have not used it in ten long years..." She shakes her head. "I will not release it for someone such as you." She balls her empty hand, creating a small orange sphere of duel energy behind her back.
Viewtiful Rekk (10:54:46 PM): Yubel grins and vanishes, appearing right in Zaniah's face. "Very well." She sends a fist up at the nurse's chest.
kwikkidus (10:56:02 PM): "I am sure you would love to experience it. But..." She's suddenly hit, eyes bulging as she moves her hand to Yubel's, the energy in it turning red. "...Burst."
Viewtiful Rekk (10:58:12 PM): Yubel darts away as the burst flies. When it's finished, a green vine with thorns at the end has tightly coiled around her and completely absorbed the blast.
kwikkidus (10:59:09 PM): With a swift raising of her hand, an orange barrier appears in front of her, holding the vine at bay as her other holds itself to her chest. "You have not changed..."
kwikkidus (11:05:19 PM): "Jin... wait for your moment, and end it in one strike." With a beating of wings, she moves behind Yubel, slashing sharply at her back.
Viewtiful Rekk (11:05:59 PM): Yubel easily darts away from the attack. "Really, is that all you're capable of?"
Viewtiful Rekk (11:06:49 PM): Jin lets out a low grunt and moves behind one of the pillars. Not many of my techniques will harm Yubel...but...any sealing will take too much time...
kwikkidus (11:07:35 PM): "Hardly." She rushes at Yubel again, slashing at her. This time, a blade of solid energy comes out and follows after her slash, extending her range slightly.
Viewtiful Rekk (11:08:40 PM): Another vine shoots from the ground and eats the attack...as a second shoots out behind Zaniah and goes for her back.
kwikkidus (11:09:41 PM): She pushes off to the side, the vine cutting deeply into her side as it flies past. "Khh..."
Viewtiful Rekk (11:10:13 PM): "How many cuts will it take for you to join my Duel Zombies, Zaniah Melancholy?" She smirks.
kwikkidus (11:11:14 PM): "I would sooner die than become a slave to something else." the wound slowly begins to close. "I will never become one of yours." kwikkidus (10:10:04 PM): "You, not I, are the one who will fall today." She rushes forward and slashes again, this time aiming to stop right before landing a blow against her. Time to see something...
kwikkidus (11:20:02 PM): The knee connects against a barrier just before reaching skin, the force of the blow sending her sliding back a little, otherwise unhurt. "Then I will have to get creative."
kwikkidus (11:20:40 PM): With a step forward, she wingbeats behind Yubel and gracefully aims the back of her hand at the back of the spirit's head, aiming to simply smack her.
kwikkidus (11:24:08 PM): It's followed up with a elbow, sanctuary energy turning it into a punching dagger aimed for where a human's kidney would be.
Viewtiful Rekk (11:25:12 PM): The dagger just scratches off of Yubel's armor. Yubel takes this opportunity to spin around and bring her own elbow to Zaniah's jaw.
kwikkidus (11:26:41 PM): It connects, and the hellnurse takes the shot without slowing down, spinning from the inertia of it into a slash with her arm, her barrier making the entire thing as a sword slash. That is right... attack. Attack more.
Viewtiful Rekk (11:27:39 PM): Yubel smacks the sword-sanctuary away with the back of her hand and just brings her elbow down on Zaniah's head again.
kwikkidus (11:29:10 PM): She catches the elbow with her other hand, before simply vanishing, reappearing about a yard away from Yubel, panting slightly. "Come on, Yubel... Is that all?" she gasps out between breaths.
kwikkidus (11:35:48 PM): "You talk on and on about suffering and pain being love, Yubel. Having fought you, however..." She smirks, regaining her footing. "I do not think you love me very much."
kwikkidus (11:41:19 PM): She puts a hand in her pocket, shaking her head. "And now what, pain beyond pain?"
kwikkidus (11:45:20 PM): "I brought someone specializing in killing demons for a reason... Last chance to surrender, Yubel-san."
Viewtiful Rekk (11:49:35 PM): Yubel snaps two fingers. Below them, groans of "Duuuuuuell....." can be heard.
Viewtiful Rekk (11:49:52 PM): Within less than a minute, dozens of the duel zombies have gathered on the grounds below.
Viewtiful Rekk (11:50:35 PM): "Whatever it is you're hiding...drop it on the ground in front of you, or I'll simply kill all these students."
kwikkidus (11:52:11 PM): Rather than respond, Zaniah slowly removes her coat, tossing it aside and letting the breeze carry it away, followed by removing her belt with first-aid kit attached, and throwing it over to land at Jin's feet.
kwikkidus (11:53:04 PM): "There is nothing I can hide, Yubel. Are you so frightened of a little girl?"
kwikkidus (11:53:52 PM): She's impaled by it, her hands grabbing Yubel's . "You want to know something funny..?"
Viewtiful Rekk (11:54:42 PM): A vine shoots up and tightly wraps around Zaniah's arm, before grinding into it. She probably risks losing something if she doesn't let go.
kwikkidus (11:57:03 PM): "This is nowhere near the worst pain I have ever felt." Violet runes begin covering Zaniah's body, as a burst of darkness explodes forth from her.
kwikkidus (11:58:53 PM): "A wise person once told me that he would do anything to protect what's important..." Smoke starts to come up from where the vines are touching her, wilting them slightly . "I will do the same."
Viewtiful Rekk (12:02:44 AM): Black vines shoots from the ground around them and close around them, like a cage.
kwikkidus (12:04:52 AM): "Love..? You misunderstand..." She opens her eyes fully, an almost feral glint in them. "You are love. I shall simply become something capable of killing even that sick love that makes you."
Viewtiful Rekk (12:05:32 AM): Yubel is still grinning. "Then do it, if you can!" The vines rapidly begin closing in on the two.
kwikkidus (12:06:46 AM): She raises her hand. "Dark Sanctuary." A small dome projects itself around her, this one made up of the violet energy, and crackling dangerously.
Viewtiful Rekk (12:10:12 AM): The vines close around the sanctuary, grinding into it. Yubel in the meantime grabs Zaniah's neck with her free hand.
kwikkidus (12:13:45 AM): The vines get a surge of dark energy, as Zaniah stares right at Yubel. She raises her other hand, it crackling with the same energy as she shoves her forearm right at Yubel's elbow, aiming to cleave the damn thing off.
Viewtiful Rekk (12:18:58 AM): Yubel's eyes widen as the arm cuts into her elbow. "Heh..heh..." She merely responds by twisting her hand deeper into Zaniah's stomach.
kwikkidus (12:21:25 AM): "So this... is your all?" She pulls the arm back before thrusting it forward again, this time aiming for the spirit's heart and giving it her all, the remaining sanctuary dropping to further reinforce the armblade.
Viewtiful Rekk (12:23:01 AM): Yubel's wing folds over, being pierced by the arm, but stopping it from reaching her heart. Meanwhile, the vines all but drop down on to the two of them.
kwikkidus (12:26:27 AM): Not a lot of time... We know. Sucks, huh? I don't recall giving you permission to speak. It's always take take take with you.... we're getting annoyed. Fine. Here.
kwikkidus (12:28:25 AM): Her arm pulls back, and she tears herself away from Yubel, skidding back and wingbeating to the other side of the thorns.
kwikkidus (12:32:05 AM): Her arm places itself on the gaping hole in her chest, closing it more rapidly than usual thanks to all the extra energy, albeit it seems a little... purpler than normal. "And you are not as invincible as you thought."
kwikkidus (12:35:32 AM): "Struck a nerve..?" She puts up a hand, the crackling violet dome appearing once more around her. "I will take you into the darkness... and there you will suffer forever. Perhaps then you will be happy."
kwikkidus (12:42:42 AM): "It is." She walks calmly forward, moving the dome along with her."Come, Yubel... Stop fighting. There is no reason to continue this charade."
Viewtiful Rekk (12:50:28 AM): "The Seal that you swore to not use, in fact! The one that you use even though it makes you suffer! Suffer for your love of these students!"
Viewtiful Rekk (12:55:55 AM): "If you want to suffer for your love of these students....then suffer for it, Zaniah Melancholy!"
kwikkidus (12:57:24 AM): "As always... you misunderstand..." She continues sliding towards the mirror. "I do not harbor any love for these students. Not one of them."
kwikkidus (12:58:10 AM): "They are, as a whole, loudmouthed, obnoxious, and little more than compost for the few fertile minds that exist here."
kwikkidus (12:59:39 AM): "Indeed... the one present right now has not even learned the lesson I tried to teach after his loss to a Thestalos..."
Viewtiful Rekk (1:06:55 AM): "Not by love, not by hate..." The mirror begins sucking away at the energy in Zaniah's seal.
kwikkidus (1:14:32 AM): She holds a hand out, a normal sanctuary forming. That mirror... takes darkness... but... If I can hold on a little more... maybe he'll find an opening...
Viewtiful Rekk (1:17:57 AM): "I suppose you'll draw this out as far as possible, won't you?" The vines repeatedly strike at the shield. "A fitting end for you, I suppose."
kwikkidus (1:20:20 AM): She winces with every strike against her barrier. ...Trusting someone else... hah. Well... "I am nothing if not stubborn."
kwikkidus (1:28:21 AM): "But... you know... Yubel. I am not going to lose to you like this. It is quite impossible."
Viewtiful Rekk (1:29:24 AM): She smirks and looks over at the pillar Jin's hiding behind. "Perhaps you'll lose a bit of that annoying composure of yours if I slash open your young ward's throat first."
kwikkidus (1:30:00 AM): "That scroll on your arm. It is the only thing that is keeping the mirror away from you. Is it not?"
kwikkidus (1:31:12 AM): "And that is why you have not already turned towards Jin. Your body may be armored. That scroll, however, is paper."
Rakath Chaos (1:32:52 AM): And coming from what seems like out of nowhere is... a sword flying really quickly blade first at the scroll.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:33:41 AM): Yubel blinks, and spins around, blocking the sword with her other arm with about a second to spare. How on Earth...!?
Viewtiful Rekk (1:34:12 AM): "Took her long enough." On her other side, Jin has driven his sword into the scroll, and slashes at it, pulling it off of her arm.
Rakath Chaos (1:34:39 AM): "Sorry, its hard to aim a sword at that range," Amy says flying in, fully transformed.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:35:18 AM): "You....!" Jin kicks Yubel once in the gut, sending her back, and places his sword to his shoulder. Within a few seconds, a wing composed of light appears.
kwikkidus (1:35:26 AM): "You dragged your duel zombies en masse around one building with a beacon of dark power coming from it..." Zaniah shakes her head slightly. "Did you really think that would go ignored?"
Rakath Chaos (1:37:25 AM): Amy holds up a rather large halo, "Crown of the Angel Queen!" and tosses the large object at Yubel as well.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:38:19 AM): "Ngh....!" Yubel holds both of her arms up to defend. Her armor stops them from cutting too deep, but the pure force sends her over the edge.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:39:23 AM): The crown then strikes her head on. She lets out a single cough. Need to....destroy the mirror...!
Rakath Chaos (1:40:07 AM): The large halo shatters on contact, and smaller halos that made it up attack in a way much like the Wing of the Adjudicator.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:40:42 AM): Unfortunately, a green sword rises up and smashes her in the back, sending her skywards. Once there, both the swordsman and the smaller halos rain attacks on her seemingly without end.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:41:25 AM): "GREAT..." Amado raises his sword above his head. "AETHER!" He then brings it down, both himself and Yubel crashing back into the roof.
Rakath Chaos (1:41:39 AM): Amy picks up her sword and puts it back in its sheath, "I'll let those two have the more hands on fun."
Viewtiful Rekk (1:43:31 AM): "Hey, mine didn't need to be original, it kicked ass!" Amado says, hoisting his blade over his shoulder.
Rakath Chaos (1:45:39 AM): "That 'unoriginal' move is how I saved everyone in the vault... It was good enough then."
Viewtiful Rekk (1:45:58 AM): "Wasn't there a mirror there just a second ag-AHGH!" A purple hand is tightly closed around Amado's throat.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:46:37 AM): Yubel then slams Amado into the ground, headfirst, as she gets back to her feet.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:47:04 AM): "Heh....you students certainly know how to strike when an opportunity arises..."
Rakath Chaos (1:47:31 AM): Amy pulls her sword and points it at Yubel, leveling it on her left arm, "PIERCE!" A beam fires from the sword's tip for Yubel's forehead.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:48:11 AM): Yubel grabs the beam in her hand, but her hand shudders after it's stricken.
kwikkidus (1:48:21 AM): Zaniah, in the meanwhile, has run her way over to Amado, putting a hand to his forehead. "Idiot..."
Viewtiful Rekk (1:48:50 AM): Amado shoves Zaniah away as he pulls himself out of the hole his face created. "Back off, I'm fine!"
Viewtiful Rekk (1:49:49 AM): Those blows....they managed to seriously hurt me... She grins a bit as she rises into the air.
Rakath Chaos (1:51:45 AM): "I've never had to attempt a second.... but I think I can maybe pull out two more if I forgo attempting Judgment."
Rakath Chaos (1:55:06 AM): Amy only has two halos floating around behind her right now, instead of her usual three.
Viewtiful Rekk (1:55:39 AM): "That limits our options. Your blows seem to be able to pierce her defenses."
Viewtiful Rekk (1:57:20 AM): The blades of light begin circling around Jin again. "....this is probably gonna end with her attacking my face again, isn't it...."
Rakath Chaos (1:58:16 AM): "You'll be fine." Amy stabs her sword into the ground, "I have a better shot of hitting with Crowns."
Viewtiful Rekk (1:59:33 AM): "Easy for you to say, Mr. Long Range Angel Wing crap...." Amado grunts and leaps upwards, sword at the ready.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:00:20 AM): Yubel swings one of her wings in front of her to block Jin's blades....and just punches Amado in the face when he's in range.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:00:45 AM): "NGHGHSTOPDOINGTHAT!" Amado yells, and punches Yubel in the face himself, doing.....nothing.
Rakath Chaos (2:01:13 AM): One of Amy's halos grows larger as she gathers and readies for her attack.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:03:09 AM): "Well....how about THIS!?" Amado grabs Yubel by the neck. Suddenly, a tremendous gust of wind begins forcing them downwards.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:03:55 AM): "What the....!?" OHGODTOOFASTTOOFAST. Once again, the two smash into the roof....right next to the first hole they made.
Rakath Chaos (2:05:11 AM): Amy spins in place and releases the large Halo like an Olympic Hammer, right after Amado is thrown like a Ragdoll, right for Yubel.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:05:58 AM): "Ha...ha...." Yubel then dashes for Jin and grabs him by the neck, before the large Halo smashes into her back, causing her to get a very pained expression on her face.
Rakath Chaos (2:06:51 AM): Again, the millions of tiny Halos swarm her again. As they do Amy's hair and eyes flicker back to normal for a few moments, then return to her seal state.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:07:01 AM): ....That gives me an idea. Jin signals to his blades. They all stop in the air. "Tsukayama. I could use some assistance." Her hand is still on his neck after all.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:07:36 AM): "Ugh...." Amado has gotten to his feet once more. "You guys are such assholes....!" Amado is running for Yubel once more.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:08:00 AM): Yubel lets out a snarl as two vines shoot from the ground and strike away the small halos, before shooting out for Amy.
Rakath Chaos (2:08:52 AM): Amy manages to block them with her wings, but she still gets knocked backwards by the attack, "Guys, keep her a little more busy!"
Viewtiful Rekk (2:08:54 AM): Amado leaps up and points his feet together as wind energy begins surrounding them. "TORNADO!" He shoots forward and....right past Yubel as she dodges.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:09:12 AM): She then, once more, sends a fist right into his face, slamming him on to the ground.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:11:11 AM): Jin, who managed to get himself freed when Yubel switched to Amado has muttered something, ending with... "Virus." The blades suddenly all turn black and shoot at Amado, attaching themselves to his sword.
Rakath Chaos (2:11:50 AM): Amy tries again to focus on her Halo to make it grow larger. Watching that move and thinking, "Jin, ever seen Inu Yasha?"
Viewtiful Rekk (2:12:57 AM): Amado says this as he drives the sword upwards, managing to slash at Yubel's chest, and force her to back away.
Rakath Chaos (2:13:17 AM): "Tweedledee, how about you? I just need a back-up plan if she can dodge this last one."
Rakath Chaos (2:15:54 AM): Amy's halo keeps growing larger, as she closes her eyes. "How would I know, I saw like two episodes with a friend. Well, I can't just shout the idea to you, then she'd see it coming."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:17:28 AM): While they're busy talking, vines are shooting up from the ground and attacking them.
Rakath Chaos (2:18:23 AM): Amy keeps jumping back, trying her best to avoid them, "Fine, I got something, just let me finish getting this one ready." using her free hand to slash at them awkwardly with her sword.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:19:02 AM): "AH, FUCK!" Amado slashes, punches, and kicks the vines away. The blades that didn't go to Amado's sword stop them from hitting Jin. "Tch. She's getting desperate..."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:20:12 AM): Both of them can strike me....and that one keeps messing around with my ability to sense their energy.... Yubel glares down. If she strikes me with another of those halos...
Polk Kitsune (2:20:49 AM): "GGGNNN... BOLT!" And from behind, two voices shout out in unison, and in a sudden release, a lightning bolt suddeny charged straight at Yubel.
Polk Kitsune (2:21:57 AM): From the back, Meso and Melissa were leaning up against each other, both hands smoking, breathing heavilly, barely coming back to consciousness. "Nngh..."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:22:06 AM): Yubel seizes in air for a moment, until the lightning runs its courses, and she's flying just a bit funny. "Another....!?" She stares down at the newcomers.
Rakath Chaos (2:22:13 AM): Amy does another Hammerspin and tosses the Halo at Yubel while she's distracted, following by running after it!
Viewtiful Rekk (2:22:45 AM): Yubel's eyes widen, and she shoots to the side, narrowly dodging the Halo.
Rakath Chaos (2:23:22 AM): Amy's wings EXPLODE with power pushing her forward. Putting her opposite Yubel with the Halo between them, "SURPRISE!" and slashes the thing with her sword. Sending the shattered tiny Halo's at Yubel.
Rakath Chaos (2:24:26 AM): Amy's transformation ends and she tumbles to the ground, "All I can offer up..." Amy is now asleep.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:24:31 AM): Yubel's eyes go wild as she sees the small halos racing towards her. I....will not....!
Polk Kitsune (2:26:21 AM): They both raised their hands once more, arms intercrossed as they tried to focus their energy one more. "Nnngh..."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:26:34 AM): She pulls her wings tightly around her as the halos strike, taking a bit of her energy each time they hit.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:27:50 AM): "Right. Tell us later!" Amado leaps into the air again, bringing his sword upwards like a spear. Wind energy starts to rapidly gather around him. "GIGA....."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:28:33 AM): Yubel's wings suddenly pull back. "....ngh...." And with that, she falls right to the ground.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:28:57 AM): "STORM.......BREA-wait, what?!" The energy around Amado suddenly stops as he looks down.
Polk Kitsune (2:29:48 AM): Meso snerked, and the twins dropped their arms, both giving long, low sighs.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:31:54 AM): "You all fight with such ferocity...." Yubel is still smirking. "Why....do you fight me with such reckless disregard for your own safety...?"
Viewtiful Rekk (2:37:13 AM): "I fight because it's what I was raised to do." Jin crosses his arm. "And to deal justice to demons like yourself."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:38:41 AM): "...." Yubel laughs once and glows brightly, before turning to motes of light and scattering.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:39:49 AM): When all of the motes are gone, there's no Yubel, no orb....no nothing.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:40:10 AM): The vines have at this point all turned to dust. All of the zombies below are unconscious.
Polk Kitsune (2:40:38 AM): And with that, the twins slumped back once more, slowly closing their eyes, and started to slip back to dreamland.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:41:17 AM): Jin takes Amy's pulse....and then smacks her across the face, just to make sure.
Rakath Chaos (2:41:42 AM): Amy doesn't wake up, she's got a pulse (slow), and is breathing (slowly), but she's completely out.
Polk Kitsune (2:45:32 AM): "ACK!" Meso winced, grabbing his side. "Urgh... Careful... Body's been through a lot."
kwikkidus (2:46:34 AM): "I do not have time to speak with someone who finds me incompetent." She succinctly says, picking up Melissa.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:47:47 AM): "I was merely going to suggest you check the Maeromune twins for injuries."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:48:52 AM): "Dunno what Lily sees in him, grumble, mutter...." Amado grabs Meso by the leg and flips him over his shoulder.
kwikkidus (2:50:01 AM): "Everyone has their preferences." she coolly replies, cradling the girl. "...Though, in hindsight, perhaps I should have handled my strategy differently."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:51:31 AM): "Eeeh, I bet he just waited for me and Sullivan so he could show you up or something stupid like that..."
Polk Kitsune (2:51:53 AM): Melissa gently tilted onto the Hellnurse, with a peaceful expression on her face.
Viewtiful Rekk (2:53:48 AM): Amado massages his face with his free hand. "Well...she was already injured when we got here."
Polk Kitsune (2:54:41 AM): Meso sighed. "At least... it's all gone..." He looked toward Zaniah. "We have... a lot to explain, don't we?"
kwikkidus (2:54:56 AM): "...Tch." She smiles, just a little. "I think there will be ample time for explaining later."
kwikkidus (2:55:52 AM): And as quick as it was there, it disappeared. "You will be deleting that photo."
Viewtiful Rekk (2:56:47 AM): "Don't worry sensei, when I reverse that seal thing, you'll be smiling aaaaaaaall the time!"
Viewtiful Rekk (3:02:24 AM): Hundreds of motes of light slowly float towards the beach, before gathering together.
Viewtiful Rekk (3:02:35 AM): These humans are stronger than I thought....too strong for me to defeat as is...
Viewtiful Rekk (3:05:34 AM): ....I need to hide myself so deeply...that even I won't know I am myself...
Viewtiful Rekk (3:06:23 AM): With that the motes of light all form together....into a young girl with navy blue hair.
Viewtiful Rekk (3:07:49 AM): "...ngh...." She opens her eyes briefly. "wh...." She looks up. "...where...am I....?" Her eyes go wide in horror for a moment. "....ngh!"
Viewtiful Rekk (3:07:57 AM): She holds her chest tightly in pain and collapses back on to the beach, face down in the water.
Tags: writing a good abstract, writing a introduction, writing a k in cursive, writing a letter of resignation, writing a zero hour contract
spreadsheet small business in e and expenses spreadsheet hynvyx excel spreadsheet for business expenses and home business expense printable excel sheet – bad1ub 52 best accountants for small business...
I confess haven’t read all the collections shortlisted for this year’s T S Eliot Prize. But I’ve trawled for informative reviews of each, in order to at least have an idea and also in anticipation of hearing all the poets read on Sunday evening at the Festival Hall. So here we go.
Sean Borodale Bee Journal (Jonathan Cape) (Bees seem to be a hot topic at the moment. Does their essential yet potentially doomed role in the ecosystem give them extra poetic power?) Giles Pitts’ review in Varsity makes me think I would enjoy this collection.
‘10th February: Dismantling the Comb’, for example, is a deeply moving account of bereavement, the poet shining light into the comb’s cells in a fruitless search for life: ‘It’s like the grain of a moon, a spoon-back of pale no one, / just the pail of an egg’s dry opal empty of hunger’.
Gillian Clarke Ice (Carcanet) – Stevie Davies in the Independent calls it ‘partly pastoral elegy, partly georgic’ and offers this assessment.
In 1947, news of the ice-girl’s end aroused in the prescient young Gillian a sense of “her china inkwell emptied of its words,/ the groove for her pen like a shallow grave”.
Julia Copus The World’s Two Smallest Humans (Faber & Faber) – reviewed in the Guardian by Kate Kellaway, who calls it a ‘remarkable collection’. She focuses in particular on the poem ‘Ghost’ which is printed in full at the end of the review, noting that the poet “avoids the first person and keeps a tight rein on emotion.”
SImon Armitage The Death of King Arthur (Faber & Faber) – a gallant Kate Kellaway tackles this tome despiteadmitting initial reluctance (“When I studied Anglo-Saxon at university, I remember complaining that whenever I wasn’t sure of a word, it turned out to mean “spear”.”) She concedes, however, that Armitage “has a miraculous ability to make the past fresh, moving and urgent, not allowing legend to create distance.” Personally I’m not sure how much I’d relish all those bloody battles, but perhaps I need to keep an open mind – if I’ve got the stomach for Julia Copus’s IVF poems then I can face anything. (For some reason, poems about pregnancy and childbirth make me queasy.)
Paul Farley The Dark Film (Picador) – despite Nicholas Pierpan’s excoriating review in Tower Poetry (is this the guy who critiqued my work both times I submitted stuff for the Poetry Society’s ‘Prescription’ service? I recognise the style!) I am interested to read this collection, if only to see if there’s more to it than Pierpan fancies. (For example, ‘Saturday Irons’ he dismisses with “Are the final two lines tongue-in-cheek, or just bathetic? I honestly can’t tell; they don’t work either way.”)
Jorie Graham P L A C E (Carcanet) – is this is the front-runner, having already won the Forward Prize? Here’s Sean O’Brien’s review in the Guardian. Funnily enough I only heard of Jorie Graham recently, when I asked poet friend Lynne about American poetry, in which she’s pretty much steeped. Must explore.
Kathleen Jamie – The Overhaul (Picador) – I was googling this to find a review and got sidetracked by a wonderful interview on the Scottish Review of Books. I like the sound of Kathleen Jamie, she comes across a bit like Don Paterson, all dry and matter-of-fact what’s-the-fuss-all-about. Must be a scottish thang. Anyway, here’s Maria Johnston’s review in the Guardian of what sounds like a fine collection.
Sharon Olds Stag’s Leap (Jonathan Cape) – my poet friend Charlotte lent me a copy of this to read a couple of months ago and there was something terrifyingly gripping about it – the story of a marriage break up in painful, masochistic detail. It gave me bad dreams – I suppose it played on my greatest nightmare, which would be to lose the love and fidelity of my husband. But here’s a wonderful video interview / profile on the PBS website where Sharon reads from the book and talks about her writing and her life. There’s a sympathy, acceptance and calmness about her that I nearly missed in the reading of Stag’s Leap.
Tripping through assorted rhythms, sonnets, end-rhymed quatrains and the looping lines of its centrepiece, it is as formally vibrant as the luminous letters that adorn its cover….The Havocs may be an uneven collection that sometimes finds Polley treading water, but a handful of its poems are so moving and memorable you might just forgive him.
Deryn Rees-Jones Burying the Wren (Seren) – Carl Griffin in the Wales Arts Review suggests that this collection on ‘recollections and grief’ has its ‘fair share of poems that should have been buried with the wren’. Nevertheless he finds ‘ingenious images’ as well as ‘snatches of comedy and joy’ in her writing.
Thanks Robin. I’ve got some of the collections out of the library but am not sure where to begin so your post is really helpful. Jorie Graham is ‘too ill’ to come from the States I just heard. There’s a reading and interview with Sean Borodale here: http://www.scottishpoetrylibrary.org.uk/connect/podcast/sean-borodale
Okay, I want to know why they call it a “Cat Nap.” People say “I’m just going to take a little cat nap,” meaning a brief snooze. Have you ever noticed how much cats actually, really-truly sleep?
I’m told that cats sleep an average of 16-18 hours a day. That being an average, means that some sleep more and some sleep less. My cats weight that average heavily on the “more” side. Case in point — yesterday I went to do errands and marketing. “I’m going out for a bit,” I told Smokey and Black Jack who were curled together on my bed, sound asleep. They didn’t hear me and they didn’t care.
I went in search of Paddy who was asleep on my desk, just like he’d been for the last hour. “I’m going shopping,” I said to the comatose cat. Not even an ear twitch.
Lop Ear was outside in the warm dirt under the fig tree — no point telling him. He could sleep through an earthquake (and has) but the sound of the cat food can being opened brings him instantly alert and moving at the speed of light.
So I went shopping. I did marketing. I ran errands. I came home 2-1/2 hours later and guess what? Yes, of course. Black Jack and Smokey were exactly where I’d left them. Paddy was still sound asleep on the desk — I watched for a moment to make sure he was still breathing. He was. Lop Ear had actually moved — he was now sleeping on his right side instead of his left side.
Somehow in the two-and-a-half hours I was gone, he managed to rouse himself sufficiently to turn over. Amazing!
By my calculations, I figure my cats rack up about 20 hours of sack time every day, waking only long enough to stretch, eat, poop and sometimes take a few minutes to contemplate climbing a tree. Unfortunately, the waking part of their day often begins at 4:30 a.m. Once they’ve decided they want me to get up, there is no hope for it but to get up, put out the food — in the kitchen for BJ, Smokey and Paddy O’Cat, on the patio for Lop Ear — top up the water dishes, and then stumble back to bed.
“Just close your bedroom door,” people have told me. Really? Do you know how much noise a determined cat can make when it wants a door opened? Tigger, a cat I was keeping for a friend tore up the carpet in my office. Within one week he had clawed up a patch nearly an inch wide all along the bottom of the door. There are still gouges on the inside of the door. And if the clawing at the carpet and the door aren’t enough, Black Jack can meow nearly non-stop for as long as it takes. I don’t know how he does it — he must breath through his ears.
when Black Jack sets his mind to something, he meows until he gets it. No sleeping for anyone once he wakes up and demands breakfast!
So yes, I get up when they say to get up, and I feed them when they say they’re hungry, and if I’m lucky, they let me get back to sleep. But most days I just have to flop down in the afternoon and take a cat nap!
Dealing with my sisters very lively 1 year old dog as she does hours every day, I am so grateful for my cats and that 2-4 hours that they are awake and active and evn more grateful for those 20 hours of naps.
You requirement to smartly prefer the color that is match with the ideas used in your moment. We did our best to present you smart ideas for creating your party invitation template cards by giving an addition of your satisfaction by way of giving some interesting things in it. In our gallery, designs for beautiful kwd can be yours easily
Taking care of an event is not easy. Many things to think about, even months before the event. Forget the usual party invitation template that will be removed easily. Make your guests like your show with your trendy invitations.
For having a most delightful party invitation template, you can join some enhancement to beautify the design. We proudly offer you more greatness for ideas to make party invitation template.
Duschabtrennung Für Badewanne – Wenn es ums Baden spaziert, werden die masse Tiere gen den ersten Blick von dir weglaufen. Obwohl dies Baden das großes Harte nuss (umgangssprachlich) für Den richtig ausgestellten Welpen ist es, gibt es wenige Möglichkeiten, Den richtig ausgestellten Welpen in den gesamten Prozess dieses Badens abgeschlossen verlieben. Solche Menschen wird schwindelig zum Baden in deiner lieblings Badewanne.
6. Tie the braid all the through and secure with hairpins. I use these kinds of pins, not sure what they are called in English, but they are great for hairbuns. Let me know if you know the name. I got lots of left from the time I did ballroom dancing. :)
Warning - This site contains adult material of a sexual nature - you must be of legal age in your area to view this material.
of a little practice, (by stealth or favour of the workman,) become qualified as footmakers. The mode of reckoning the piece-work of Glass-makers is peculiar. The "move," as it technically called, is a nominal period of six hours; and the payment is proportionate to the number of articles supposed, by fair exertion, capable of being made in that time by a set of ordinary workmen. The move being fixed at two hundred for small moulded bottles, (for one chair,) and sixty wine-glasses being also considered as the fixed number for another chair, it might be supposed that the two chairs would receive the same remuneration; but the payment would vary, although both quantities are equally a move's work. The wine-glass workman, (or gaffer,) one servitor, and foot-maker, for making the sixty wine-glasses, would receive six shillings per move, and the bottle chair only five shillings between the three men. If, in consequence of superior skill and industry, the chairs made double that quantity in the six hours, which is often the case, they would be paid double the price; and in proportion for any intermediate or lesser number, so that the men are paid proportionally to the quantity manufactured.
The workman, or gaffer, of the castor-hole chair, in full employ, may sometimes earn 3l. per week, the second, 2l. 5s., and the third about 30s. per week. Perhaps, the average earnings range from an eighth to a fourth less than these rates. The second, or cutting chair, 2l. 10s., 1l., 15s., 1l., 7s., for the three grades of men; the third, or wine-glass chair, about the same as the second; and the fourth, or phial chair, 36s., 27s., 20s.; will be the highest rates of earning. The above
Hello my dear sweethearts! It’s almost been a week since I last posted on Glimpses at Fashion. After an amazing two weeks of holiday and laziness, I got punished this week for not having done all the things I should have done during my free time…The consequence being that I could not find the time for blogging, something that frustrated me even more. But sweethearts I am back and happy and that’s what counts...
Today, I am so excited as I am going to present you one of my latest discoveries in jewellery design. And maybe, before, it is time to tell you something about me and jewellery. One word only: minimalism…A piece of jewellery for me is something very special, unique and extraordinary and it should reflect my style and my personality. That’s why I sometimes almost feel sorry for this junk jewellery hanging kind of lost on the rod in some drugstore. I definitely can’t buy that kind of stuff…
I do not buy jewellery very often, but when I buy a beautiful piece it has to fit me perfectly.That’s why I am so happy to be able to present to you the fantastic pieces of Kat Korn, the owner of Kornjewellery.com. The designer herself sees jewellery “as an important part of our look” which “reflects how we feel”. Visiting Kornjewellery.com, you may quickly realize the designer’s great gift not only to combine various trends but to also integrate the influences of architecture, nature and the world that surrounds us…
I am really very proud that the designer Kat Korn ceded these beautiful photos to me to write a short blog post for Kornjewellery.
The beautiful rings from Kat Korn’s Pentagon Collection completely reflect the designer’s gift to translate the forms around us into a timeless piece of jewellery that, as Kat Korn herself describes it, can be seen as a never-ending neutral ornament…
My favourite is the Pentagon 925 sterling silver ring with high polish, coat of rhodium and Swarovski crystal on the side. With its coat of rhodium, it reflects in the most perfect way what we call the “Zeitgeist”. At the same time for me the ring, through its clear architectural design embodies something very solid, eternal and timeless in style…
Jewellery that is really unique and extraordinary and goes with any of my outfits…that’s why I wanted you to know and discover Kornjewellery.com.
So visit Kornjewellery.com and not only for the rings. You will find some of the most extraordinary pieces of jewellery there.
…I am late for a drink with the girls…Thank you so much for having stopped by and thank you, Kat Korn, for giving me the possibility to post about your beautiful jewellery designs. Thank you to the model photographer Brogan Collis and to the product photography Photo Lightroom by Rafal Novak. Special thanks also go to the models Steph Shaw and Benas Linkiavicius.
Good evening sweethearts! I have just returned from another exam of one of my students and about to leave for an evening with one of my favourite girls. We are going to have some drinks in a bar not too far away from home which is totally ok with me. The week was tough and the weekend is going to be tough as well. As the weather is getting more and more beautiful, it’s the invasion of tourists coming to my sweet little medieval town Seligenstadt. So the weekend will be filled with one guided tour after the other…Definitely time to chill out a little bit this evening… Before I am going to leave, I just wanted to share with you my look of this week which is all about the summer trend 2016…Ethno Style. What I love about the outfit of Alessandra Ambrosio is the combination of a very cool and minimal denim style with a white T-shirt, grey boots and statement bag. The fringed Ethno cardigan in the Spring/Summer colours 2016 sets the perfect accent to this timeless and stylish look. Guys, I h…
Hey, guys! After almost three weeks of winter holidays, I should feel totally relaxed right now. But I don’t. It is the last weekend before I have to go back to work on Monday and motivation is the last thing I am feeling right now. The holidays have been filled with many wonderful moments – visiting family, friends, parties, eating in restaurants …- however, I have missed one important part. Going away for a few days, relaxing somewhere in a beautiful hotel by the sea or in the mountains…I cannot help but missing this essential part of my holidays. Or maybe it is just that this time I have been unable to find some relaxation during the few hours spent at home…
It`s no use moaning. Monday is approaching and it is approaching very fast…So, my personal challenge of the weekend is to motivate myself for going back to work on Monday… So I am about to outsmart my brain in the best possible way I can by finding beautiful things to think about. Apart from looking for wonderful places to spend m…
Hey guys, welcome to Glimpses at Fashion. I have started fashion blogging in the midst of September 2015 and I am really loving it. Glimpses at Fashion is about everything in fashion I enjoy writing about...Great fashion designers, amazing street styles, great women in fashion and favourite looks and fashion trends. I am happy to have you here, guys and let's enjoy some fashionble moemnt togehter...
WHISTLER — A lot of people tell me that they think I have a great job. And they're right. I do. But my buddy Crai Bower has a really great job. Crai is a freelance travel writer, employed by some 30 publications, most of which focus on high-end travel …
And they showed themselves to be the outdoor types as they took to the adventure trail before performing a show for the National Citizen Service (NCS), the fastest growing youth programme in the country. Participants build skills for work and life …
At a recent LA book signing for "The Adventure Time Encyclopedia," Olivia Olson, the voice of Marceline in the show, confirmed that big rumor that all fans kind of suspected: Princess Bubblegum and Marceline the Vampire Queen dated! That's right …
You will be spearheading growth in this international firm’s South East Asian business. Established for many years and recently fueled by a significant commitment to growth, the group is targeting overseas markets in its expansion phase. The firm’s Hong Kong office offers the group a platform to sell into China and with a significant and enviable portfolio of clients in the region a South East Asian counterpart is the next logical step.
The firm sells a mixture of HR consulting products built around talent management and long term recruitment solutions. A number of these relationships are already in place in Singapore and its neighbouring countries. The role has an operational element with responsibility for infrastructure, licensing and back office, all driven, of course through HQ. From a client perspective you will be leveraging existing relationships whilst ensuring all overseas relationships are cross pollinated and maximized. You will be tasked with building capability across the firms consulting products, these will be cut down into specific teams with the usual management structure and delivery capability sitting with each area, team building mentoring and internal recruitment are therefore very much part of the job.
You will have worked in a client facing, sales driven role with at least five years experience. Ideally you will have sold a consulting, long term driven solutions product. This could be software, outsourcing and services orientated. Individuals working within recruitment but with the gravitas to pull up are welcome to apply as there is a recruitment element to the role as well.
You will be credible, very presentable and able to influence and consult at the highest levels. You will be adept at complex negotiations, with the ability to compile proposals and take them through to implementation.
Global Solutions is an international yet boutique agency purely focused on recruiting for the staffing industry. Established in 1998, our group offers a highly proactive research driven solution delivered from physical offices in Singapore, Hong Kong, Europe and Australia by seasoned client partners.
http://findlawyersca.com/free-ex-girlfriend-porn New York, NY – follow site August 14 , 2017 – Nielsen Music Canada and the Canadian Country Music Association (CCMA) today announced that Nielsen Music is serving as the exclusive data provider for Canada’s biggest country music awards show by supporting the balloting and selection process of the 2017
The CCMA Awards show will take place on Sept. 10 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, and will air on CBC featuring a number of special musical performances, including here Gord Bamford with Jim Cuddy, Dean Brody, Tim Hicks, follow url Brett Kissel, Jess Moskaluke, Meghan Patrick, Dallas Smith, The Washboard Union, as well as international superstar Blake Shelton.
“The CCMA Awards recognize the biggest names in Canadian country music, and we’re delighted to provide our data and insights in support of the 2017 show,” said Paul Shaver, Head of Nielsen Music Canada.
Nielsen Music has placed a strong focus on the Canadian market with the recent launch of the Nielsen Music Connect Mobile App – an on-the-go solution offering users access to comprehensive music consumption data on their mobile devices.
“We are thrilled to have Nielsen Music on board as our exclusive date provider in conjunction with the 2017 CCMA Awards Program,” shared Tracy Martin, Interim President of the Canadian Country Music Association. “Nielsen has been our source for delivering accurate, trusted data in the most efficient way possible. They are an incredibly valuable partner for the CCMA.”
Nielsen Holdings plc (NYSE: NLSN) is a global performance management company that provides a comprehensive understanding of what consumers Watch and Buy. Nielsen’s Watch segment provides media and advertising clients with Total Audience measurement services across all devices where content—video, audio and text—is consumed. The Buy segment offers consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers the industry’s only global view of retail performance measurement. By integrating information from its Watch and Buy segments and other data sources, Nielsen provides its clients with both world-class measurement as well as analytics that help improve performance. Nielsen, an S&P 500 company, has operations in over 100 countries that cover more than 90% of the world’s population. For more information, visit www.nielsen.com.
Established in 1976, the CCMA is a membership-based, not-for-profit organization committed to the promotion and recognition of Canadian country music. Built upon the foundation to educate, elevate and celebrate Canadian talent, the CCMA progressively heralds the spirit, community and creativity that country music fosters through year-round initiatives, culminating every fall with Country Music Week and the Canadian Country Music Association Awards. Sponsors of PotashCorp Country Music Week and the 2017 CCMA Awards Show include FACTOR, Canada’s Private Radio Broadcasters and the Government of Canada through the Department of Canadian Heritage’s “Canada Music Fund”, Radio Starmaker Fund, the Province of Saskatchewan, the City of Saskatoon, Tourism Saskatchewan and Tourism Saskatoon.
ALBANISA Che Guevara II IV V (Masaya) IC Power Plant Nicaragua is located at Masaya, Nicaragua. Location coordinates are: Latitude= 12.0144, Longitude= -86.086. This infrastructure is of TYPE Oil Power Plant with a design capacity of 61.2 MWe. It has 3 unit(s). The first unit was commissioned in 2008 and the last in 2009. It is operated by Alba de Nicaragua SA (ALBANISA).
Status of Plant Please SelectOperating FullyOperating PartiallyBuilt and In Test StageUnder ConstructionFinal Bid and Approval StageDesign and Planning StageMothballed PartialMothballed FullDecommissioned
Plant Efficiency and Impact Please SelectHigh Efficiency and Low Enivronmental ImapctHigh Efficiency and Medium Environmental ImpactHigh Effciency and High Environmental ImpactMedium Efficiency and Low Environmental ImpactMedium Efficiency and Medium Environmental ImpactMedium Efficiency and High Environmental ImpactLow Efficiency and Low Environmental ImpactLow Efficiency and Medium Environmental ImpactLow Efficiency and High Environmental Imapct
Disclaimer: All attempts have been made to ensure that data, information, and tools residing at GlobalEnergyObservatory are of high quality. If, inspite of our efforts, users encounter errors, please contact us by e-mail. GlobalEnergyObservatory does not guarantee the reliability, accuracy, or completeness of the data or information provided, or the reliability and functionality of software tools provided. Data and software tools are subject to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) .
Acknowledgment: Users using and downloading information from this site are requested to acknowledge our contribution and reference us as follows: "Data obtained from http://GlobalEnergyObservatory.org/".
This research was supported by national science foundation grant bcs 0542694 awarded to elizabeth formatting the author name (byline) and institutional sample one-experiment paper (the numbers refer to numbered sections in the. How to cite everything in apa format with our apa citation guide the apa citation guide includes popular sources like books, journals, and websites. This is a short research paper, formatted according to apa style with help and commentary the references page includes examples from. This table describes how to format your research paper using either the mla or apa guidelines be sure to follow any additional instructions that your teacher.
Avoid formatting the title with bold, italics, underlining, or quotation marks, or mislabeling the abstract with the title of the research paper. According to the apa style guide, the abstract of a research paper is to be the references used in the paper are to be written in the format specified by the. Formatting the paper when writing a paper using apa style, you must adhere to very specific style rules a few of them are: double spaced. Running head: writing a paper in apa format 1 1 writing a the purpose of the abstract page is to concisely summarize the key points of your research.
For details on how to cite technical and research reports look under section 703 in the apa publication manual, starting on page 205 basic reference list format. This paper is a guide to writing a general paper in according to the publication manual of the american keywords: apa, research papers, format, style guide. Need to create an apa style research term paper use this pre-formatted template to create an apa compliant report or thesis includes specific instructions and. Term paper: why apa format when presenting your research, your energy should be focused on sharing your ideas in a clear, easily understandable way.
Successfully put together your apa paper title page: ☐ title page has: for a list of sentences or short paragraphs, use a list format: 1 2 bullets can be used if . Apa style sixth edition template: this is just an example title that has a colon in it permission to use (and adapt) this document for learning and research purposes hints about properly generating the parts of your apa-formatted paper. This tutorial provides step-by-step instructions on how to format apa papers using word if you need any further assistance, please don't.
Research papers are written in a prescribed format suggested by colleges and universities the apa (american psychology association) and mla (modern.
How-to-write-apa-style-papers no matter whether you are going to write the academic paper yourself, or buy papers online, your essay should. It is simply a written paper that follows apa format, the official writing format of the american how to write a psychology research paper. Apa (american psychological association) style is a method of formatting often used by students today if you are writing a research paper or a. If you were told to create your citations in apa format, your paper should be double space the entire research paper include a page header known as the.
an analysis of the songs with god on our side by bob dylan and mississippi goddamn by nina simone in
the discrimination faced by fathers in cases of child support child custody and the dangers from pat
Mila De Mier, A modern day warrior: (The most recent Earth Watch guest on the Sojourner Truth Radio show) who has been part of a community the last 6 years in an effort to prevent the release of genetically engineered mosquitoes in Florida. A public comment period on the matter closes April 9, according to Florida Keys News
Currently, the Capitol is equipped to stream committee meetings from all of the standing committee rooms. Certain special events may be streamed from locations inside and outside the Capital. This service exists to provide Alaskans with live access to every committee meeting in the State Capital.
For Archived Meetings, visit the Committees tab or visit Gavel Alaska's Archive. Meetings streamed outside of Juneau are archived to our Vimeo site.
This web site is the place to track bills, locate and contact your legislators (session) (interim), and access committee information. Questions? Try our help wizard or call 907-465-4648.
SMS Bill Tracking! Text a bill number (ex: HB1) to 559-245-2529 to enroll in text alerts. You will receive an enrollment confirmation and instructions on how to stop receiving the alerts.
SAMSUNG KNOX Message BETA is a specialized messenger for robust security and seamless collaboration within companies or groups. You can download it from application stores now.
As previously notified, the ChatON service will no longer be available from [Feb 1, 2015, KST] (“Effective Date”), with the exception of the service in the United States.
- You can still access and save your chat history (text only) on your device by using the back-up function, provided that you have not deleted each relevant chat room.
We appreciate your support for our services, and our Customer Support team (http://help.content.samsung.com) will be available to assist you with any questions or concerns.
- Change the background of 'My page' and upload multimedia such as images, videos, and location with 'PostON'
• Allows the app to take pictures and videos with the camera. This permission allows the app to use the camera at any time without your confirmation..
• Allows the app to connect to and disconnect from Wi-Fi access points and to make changes to device configuration for Wi-Fi networks..
DISTREE Middle East is the ultimate professional networking event for senior executives from the consumer electronics, digital device and ICT products retail channel in the Middle East (ME) region.It is a focused event for retail executives based on the successful concept of bringing high-level buyers from emerging markets into productive contact with vendors. DISTREE Middle East was launched in 2005 in Fujairah, UAE. The inaugural event attracted support from a host of international A-brand vendors. Since its launch, DISTREE has grown rapidly, establishing itself as the ‘must-attend’ annual event for retail buyers covering consumer electronics, digital devices or ICT products.
Heather Ashby is a fourth year doctoral student in the History. She plans to use the Boren Fellowship to study Russian and conduct research for her dissertation on the impact of Woodrow Wilson and Vladimir Lenin’s ideas of self-determination on people in Asia, Africa, and the Americas. In Moscow, Heather will examine Soviet documents about Third World political figures who traveled to the Soviet Union between World War I and World War II.
A program of United States Department of State, Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs, the Critical Language Scholarship (CLS) Program offers intensive summer language institutes overseas in thirteen critical need foreign languages.
As the flagship international fellowship program of the United States, the Fulbright Student Grant supports one year of independent study, research, and teaching in one of over 140 countries around the world. Each year, nearly 6,000 students from around the United States compete for about 1000 Fulbright grants.
Caitlin Bradbury As a Global Business major with an interest in pursuing a career in international marketing, Caitlin will participate in the Binational Business Internship program in Mexico. Recipients of this grant complete a 10-month internship while enrolled in courses at a university. Caitlin previously studied abroad in Cuernavaca, Mexico and Santiago, Chile. She will graduate in May with a major in International Relations (Global Business) and a minor in Organizational Leadership & Management.
Nelly Chavez is a recipient of a Fulbright English Teaching Assistantship Grant to Spain. Nelly enjoys helping student with literacy and linguistic challenges, especially English-language learners. She hopes to bring this intimate knowledge to her secondary school teaching assignment in Madrid. Nelly will graduate from USC with majors in American Studies & Ethnicity and French, and a minor in Latin American Studies.
Huibin A. Chew is a doctoral student in Gender Studies and will spend her Fulbright year in the Philippines. Her project will explore the interplay between Filipino anti-imperialist movements and transnational feminism by examining the activities of GABRIELA, the largest federation of women’s groups in the Philippines. This study will serve as a foundation of Huibin’s dissertation research on gendered violence, the state, and the transnational politics of urban women’s organizing in the Philippines.
Joanne Cho graduated from USC in August 2009 with a Masters of Public Health. Her Fulbright project centers around studying the cultural and social stigmas of mental healthcare utilization and its correlation to high suicide rates among younger women in South Korea. She will be based at Yonsei Graduate School of Public health, where she will work with Dr. Sun-Ha Jee to identify participants for the study.
Sarah Goodrum is a doctoral student in Art History. She will spend one year in Germany to complete research for her dissertation, which examines photography in the Cold War period in East Germany under the leadership of the Socialist Unity Party. Sarah seeks to unite the study of the visual with the study of structures of power. She will examine state archives and interview photographers, curators, and East German scholars during her time in Berlin.
Nina Gordon-Kirsch will graduate in May 2012 with a Bachelor of Science in Environmental Sciences and a minor in Marketing. She plans to spend her Fulbright year researching levels of endocrine disrupting compounds (EDCs) in Israeli water, starting from treatment sites and ending in natural ecosystems. Her research methods will consist of water samples, water testing, evaluations, and coursework at the Ben-Gurion University of Negev.
Ayushi Gummadi received a Fulbright English Teaching Assistantship Grant to South Africa. Graduating with a major in Business Administration (International Relations) and a minor in Neuroscience, Ayushi is committed to enacting positive social change at the grassroots level. In addition to teaching, she hopes to create a regional dance program, and visit the village of Mpumalanga where she previously worked on a community based micro-enterprise project.
Christine Lee graduated from USC in May 2009 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Health Promotion & Disease Prevention Studies and minors in Health Communication and Professional & Managerial Communications. She will spend her Fulbright year in South Korea exploring the role of media as a source of reproductive health information among adolescents. Her project will involve conducting an analysis of sources available to and accessed by adolescents, including schools, non-profits, and media.
Daniel Paly will graduate in May 2012 with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and a Bachelor of Arts in International Relations. As a Fulbright fellow, he will study the role of public policy support for private industry in the nascent Brazilian solar energy sector by examining regulatory infrastructure, government direct investment, and a potential Feed-In-Tariff. Daniel will conduct his study from the Universidade de São Paulo.
Teddy Raven graduated in 2010 from the USC Thornton School of Music with a B.M. in Jazz Studies, focusing on saxophone performance and composition. He will study Bulgarian folk music at the Academy of Music, Dance, and Fine Arts in Plovdiv, Bulgaria and seek to fuse his background in jazz and western music with more traditional forms. In addition, he will perform with the world-renowned Karandilla Gypsy Brass Orkestar and help them carry out an education initiative for underprivileged Roma youth.
Michael Shashoua received a Fulbright Grant to study in Madrid, Spain. He will explore the use of microfinance in Spain to supplement the knowledge of microfinance in developed countries. He plans to conduct a study of client profiles, sustainable lender practices and structural weaknesses. Michael will graduate in May with a major in Business Administration (International Relations), and a minor in Communication Law and Media Policy.
Karen Pham is a rising junior with a major in Art and an emphasis in Design and Photography. Karen also has a minor in East Asian Languages and Cultures. She is the Publicity Director for the Chinese American Student Association, Staff Writer and Graphics Editor for the yearbook and several other student publications. As a participant of the Fulbright Nottingham Trent University Summer Institute, Karen hopes to enhance her creative eye, learn about the cultures and lifestyles in the United Kingdom, and make new, lasting friendships with people from all corners of the world.
The Gilman Scholarship Program offers awards for undergraduate study abroad for U.S. who are receiving Federal Pell Grant funding at a two-year or four-year college or university. The program aims to diversify the kinds of students who study abroad and the countries and regions where they go.
The Goldwater Scholarship supports undergraduate students interested in a career in mathematics, natural science or engineering who have the potental to make a significant contribution to their chosen field of study. It is also expected the the students selected intend to pursue a doctoral degree.
Matthew Orr – Major: Astronautical Engineering; Career Goal: PhD in High Energy Physics. Teach at the university level, and make significant contributions to the fields of plasma dynamics and space propulsion.
Jared Todd Sokol – Major: Biochemistry; Career Goal: MD and PhD in Molecular Biology. Become a physician scientist involved in research and teaching at a School of Medicine.
Marshall Scholarships select up to 40 scholars each year to study at graduate level at an UK institution in any field of study. As future leaders, with a lasting understanding of British society, Marshall Scholars strengthen the enduring relationship between the British and American peoples, their governments and their institutions. Marshall Scholars are talented, independent and wide-ranging, and their time as Scholars enhances their intellectual and personal growth.
Elizabeth Ogonek, “a New York City native, holds a BM in composition from Indiana University and will receive her MM from the University of Southern California in May 2012. She currently studies with Stephen Hartke. She has been commissioned by the Brillaner Duo, the Palo Alto Chamber Orchestra, Alma Maria Liebrecht and the Deviant Septet. Her music has been performed by the IU Concert Orchestra, the Wellesley Sinfonietta, Dinosaur Annex, the Brillaner Duo, members of eighth blackbird and the Britten-Pears Ensemble. Her new chamber orchestra piece will be premiered in the 2012 Aldeburgh Festival. Elizabeth is a 2009 Beinecke Scholar.” View the Marshall Scholarship website for more information.
The Truman Scholarship is a highly competitive program for individuals pursuing careers in public service. The purpose of the scholarship is to recognize juniors with exceptional leadership potential who are committed to careers in government, the non-profit or advocacy sectors, education or elsewhere in the public service; and to provide them with financial support for graduate study, leadership training, and fellowship with other students who are committed to making a difference through public service.
Travis Glynn is an International Relations major with minors in German, Cultural Anthropology, International Policy and Management and Business Law. At USC, Travis is a Program Assistant for the Joint Educational Project (JEP) where he is the founder of JEP Explore, a service-learning program to teach international relations in Los Angeles Schools. A former intern for the Department of State and recipient of the Critical Language Scholarship in Urdu, Travis hopes to enter the Foreign Service and work on U.S. security policy.
BOSTON, MA and NEW ORLEANS, LA ­— October 11, 2010 — Tributes, Inc., the online resource for local and national obituary news, announced today at the National Funeral Directors Association Convention in New Orleans, that they have formed a partnership with John W. James and Russell Friedman, co-founders of the Grief Recovery Institute, and co-authors of The Grief Recovery Handbook – recently re-released in a 20th Anniversary Expanded Edition – and When Children Grieve. At the centerpiece of the alliance is the Grief Recovery Guidance Center, a new content area which has been fully integrated into the company’s flagship site Tributes.com as well as the Tributes.com-powered obituary sections featured on the websites of Tributes’ extensive, nationwide network of television partners. The combined audience of Tributes.com and the Tributes Network now consistently exceeds one million unique consumers per month.
James and Friedman have been working with grievers for over thirty years. They have served as consultants to thousands of bereavement professionals and provide Grief Recovery Seminars and Certification Programs throughout North America and Europe. They are in constant demand in the media when major grief producing events affect us nationally and around the world. Russell has appeared on CNN as a "grief recovery expert" several times, most notably in the aftermath of 9/11; when Andrea Yates drowned her five children; and after Michael Jackson died. He also appeared with Matt Lauer on the Today Show to help parents guide their children in dealing with grief. Russell and John have a featured blog on Psychology Today and together they have pioneered 2500 Grief Recovery Outreach Program groups throughout the world.
“It is an honor and oftentimes a sad privilege to be addressing people who have recently experienced the death of someone important in their lives,” said James and Friedman. “We are very pleased to bring our personal experience in dealing with the deaths of people who were important to us, and our professional know-how in helping grievers for decades to Tributes.com. We believe Tributes.com is an important and growing brand in the online memorialization space, and that our partnership with such a fine organization will enable us to dramatically extend the reach of our support to more people in need of the resources and information we can provide to help them cope and begin forging a path to recovery.”
James and Friedman will be regularly responding to questions posed by visitors to The Grief Recovery Guidance Center, which is currently live on the Tributes.com website at http://www.tributes.com/grief_recovery_center. Tributes expects to extend the Grief Recovery Center content in the coming months to funeral home partner websites and will be launching a Grief Recovery Group on Facebook which will allow users to discuss James/Friedman articles and responses to user questions.
“In working over the course of the last few months with John and Russell to prepare for the launch of the Grief Recovery Guidance Center our team has come to know the warmth and caring that surrounds these gentlemen and all that they do to help people in crisis,” said Elaine Haney, President of Tributes, Inc. “We feel hugely privileged to have them on our team and are quite confident that they will add tremendous value to the consumer experience on Tributes.com.”
Tributes.com is the online resource for current local and national obituary news, lasting personal tributes and online community providing support during times of loss and grieving. Through one centralized national web destination, with over 86 million current and historical death records dating back to the 1930’s, Tributes has made obituary and online memorial service information easily accessible so people can come together online and offline to remember and share the treasured stories of the important people in their lives who have passed away. Monster.com founder Jeff Taylor officially launched Tributes.com in February, 2008.
At her request there will be no calling hours. Cremation and funeral services provided by the Harold W. Stevenson Funeral Home, 264 East State St., Sharon, PA. Private graveside services will be held at the convienience of the family Tuesday, November 28, 2017 TBD.
Donations in her memory may be made to the Christopher Hull Memorial Kidney Fund at Akron Children's Hospital Mahoning Valley, 6505 Market St., Boardman, OH 44512 Her family would like to thank everyone at St. Paul's for their wonderful care and compassion during Dorothy's time spent there.
The beautiful and interactive Eternal Tribute tells Dorothy's life story the way it deserves to be told in words, pictures and video.
Share that special photograph of your loved one with everyone. Document family connections, service information, special times and priceless moments for all to remember and cherish forever with support for unlimited copy.
"Hey, look at the kid over there. His parent tried so hard to send him to Bangkok to get an education. He even earned his degree. However, he came back home and became a farmer just like his parents, rather than getting a really good job."
Terabit-core Agile Switches designed for next-generation campus networks, with a fully programmable architecture to meet fast-changing service needs.
Smart switches running on a versatile 100 GE platform, with the Huawei Ethernet Network Processor (ENP), that provide multi-service routing and switching.
10 GE full-featured routing switches, applicable to enterprise campus, carrier, university, and government networks.
High-capacity 10 GE switches with 40 Gbit/s QSFP+ ports, ideal for high-density 10 Gbit/s server access in data centers or IDCs, or as core switches for enterprise campus networks.
These next-generation multi-gigabit 10 GE fixed switches can provide access for high-speed wireless devices and 10G data center servers, and can serve as campus network access/aggregation switches.
These are the newest-generation, simplified 10 GE fixed switches. They can be used as access switches for campus and data center networks.
These switches are ideal for the aggregation and access layers of medium- and large-sized campus networks and the core layer of campus branch networks and small-sized campus networks.
Gigabit Ethernet switches for high-density, GE Layer 3 switching provide the flexibility needed for campus or data center access networks. They include Gigabit access, fixed GE/10 GE/40 GE uplink ports, and intelligent iStack clustering.
Gigabit Enterprise Switches with SVF virtualization for simplified management of converged networks and smooth evolution to SDN.
Flexible, gigabit Ethernet switches with 10 GE upstream ports for resilient iStack clustering and service processing. They are used as access and aggregation switches in enterprise campus networks, or high-density gigabit access switches in data centers.
Gigabit Ethernet switches for high-density GE L3 switching: 10 Gbit/s upstream ports and intelligent iStack clustering provide scalability; comprehensive service features and IPv6 forwarding provide flexible switching for enterprise campus networks.
Huawei S5720I-SI series are standard Layer 3 gigabit switches that provide flexible all-gigabit access and cost-effective fixed GE ports and 10GE uplink ports. They support an industry-grade temperature range and have strong outdoor surge protection to withstand harsh outdoor cabinet environments. They can be widely used in Safe City and ETTx access scenarios.
This energy-saving gigabit Ethernet switch provides flexible GE access ports and 10 GE uplink ports. It includes iStack, flexible Ethernet networking, and diversified security control.
Resilient Gigabit Ethernet switches with 10 Gbit/s upstream ports; ideal for use as access or aggregation switches in a campus network. Only sold in certain countries and regions as part of Huawei’s channel distribution products.
Versatile, energy-efficient Gigabit switches with 10 Gbit/s uplink ports; highly scalable with iStack technology and flexible Ethernet networking options; comprehensive onboard security and user authentication features; IPv6 support.
Resilient Ethernet switches with 24 Gbit/s or 48 Gbit/s downstream ports and 10 Gbit/s upstream ports; highly efficient cooling and patented device sleeping technology conserve power and enable high-density build-out; optional lithium-oxide battery backup power.
100 Mbit/s Ethernet switches for aggregation and access to enterprise campus networks; enhanced (EI) models support IP multicasting and more complex routing protocols (OSPF, IS-IS, and BGP).
100 Mbit/s Ethernet switches ideal for use as access switches in campus networks, with GE upstream ports, iStack clustering for easy scalability, and enhanced Layer 3 service processing capabilities.
Next-generation energy-saving access switches designed for small to mid-sized businesses, Internet cafes, hotels, and schools.
CloudEngine series switches offer carrier-grade reliability, virtualization support, iStack clustering, and Software-Defined Networking features for building and scaling data centers and campus networks. They provide versatility and resilient performance for server-based multimedia applications, Big Data analytics, and cloud computing.
Next-generation, high-performance core switches designed for data center networks and high-end campus networks, providing stable, reliable, secure, and high-performance Layer 2/Layer 3 switching services.
These high-performance core switches support proactive detection of network-wide paths and connectivity, as well as real-time network health monitoring.
Next-generation Ethernet switches with flexible cards designed for data center networks and high-end campus networks, providing high performance, high interface density, and low latency.
A new generation of high-density, low-latency 40 GE Ethernet switches with extensive data center service features and high-performance stacking. The QSFP+ port can be used as four 10 GE SFP+ ports to provide a flexible network and Zero-Touch Provisioning (ZTP) makes deployment quick and easy.
Next-generation high-density, low-latency 10 GE/25 GE Ethernet switches with extensive data center service features and high-performance stacking.
CloudEngine 5800 Series is a new generation of high-density Gigabit Ethernet switches with 40 GE/100 GE uplinks. The switches support iStack clustering technology. Data can be forwarded on the lead switch due to Huawei’s Super Virtual Fabric (SVF) functionality and Zero-Touch Provisioning (ZTP) makes deployment quick and easy.
Distributed virtual switches designed for virtualized environments in cloud data centers, providing optimal forwarding performance, open architecture, and enhanced security protection.
FabricInsight is an intelligent analysis platform designed for data center networks. Based on telemetry and Big Data analytics, FabricInsight provides users with ubiquitous network application analysis and visualized presentation that eliminate the boundary between applications and networks.
Mutual visibility between applications and networks, locating faults in seconds Precise playback of historical faults and retrieval of tens of billions of data records within seconds Actual network quality assessment and proactive risk prediction
CampusInsight is able to manage network quality automatically through dynamic collection of data and provide a full view of the whole process to analyze and determine faults using AI for active and predictive O&M.
Agile Controller-DCN is a Huawei-developed next-generation data center network controller and is the core of Huawei CloudFabric. It unifies control and dynamic scheduling of network resources and automatically deploys services.
The Agile Controller-Campus is Huawei’s next-generation controller for campus and branch networks. Used in multiple innovative solutions, such as automatic network deployment, policy automation, and SD-WAN, the Agile Controller-Campus reduces Operating Expenses (OPEX) and Operations and Maintenance (O&M) costs of enterprises, accelerates service cloudification and digital transformation, and makes network management more agile and network O&M more intelligent.
Huawei provides the most complete portfolio of data center network and campus products, supporting customers business requirements for digital transformation and enabling their rapid growth of virtualization, Big Data, and cloud services.
Huawei switches have been deployed for enterprises in more than 150 countries and are widely used in sectors such as finance, Internet, retail, education, manufacturing, and public services. Huawei’s data center network and wired and wireless convergence solutions are rated as Challenger and Visionary in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant, respectively.
Huawei switches support tens of thousands of channels and partners in 150 countries, providing innovative switch solutions in all industries and localized services.
With an open architecture and unified GUIs, delivery networks are highly integrated and automated. Efficiency is improved as each application interaction data flow is learned. Customers manage and optimize the local data center — whether private, public, hybrid cloud, or other multiple-cloud environments — to reshape user experience and enable service agility.
Huawei CloudCampus Solution, ideal for enterprise campus networks, has adopted a new philosophy of Intent-Driven Network (IDN). By introducing Big Data analytics and Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies into cloud and SDN deployments, Huawei CloudCampus is helping enterprises build future-proof networks that are intelligent, simplified, secure, and open.
Best Area To Stay On Santorini Island is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Coney Island Reno Lunch Menu is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ikea Long Island Hicksville Ny is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
King Kong Skull Island A Telecharger is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Special Needs Awareness Long Island is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Waterfront Edisto Island Sc is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
I don't bite don't you think it is cool that new members join and continue to make cw the best aw like game ever!
HAHAHA lol , atleast a better game, and i have a feeling koshev(or whoever hosts this) will stop paying
The domain name customwars isn't a huge thing, I beleive xenesis (the person paying for the hosting) pays 5 dollars-10dollars a month I think was.
I do have links to all the old developers, however, I try not to bug them as much since they run busy lives. Make no mistake, they are helping me out tremendously with the project and the direction it should take even though their presence is masked to the public. As of now, the bugs are being worked out, but the process is taking a little longer than expected because fixing one bug causes 2 more. This just makes it an everlasting process when it comes to removing such pests from the server system (which is the root of CW's entire gameplay system...)
I advise all to keep testing and keep looking for those bugs. That is the rock that is blocking the path of CW, something we are all going to have to endure. As of now, I am looking into a new base program for CW. However, it still requires us to fix some of the bugs we have now so the new server system will be stronger than the last one.
Anyway, if you have any questions, comments, concerns... I'll create a comment section in the RWC so you guys can talk to the new programmers directly concerning them.
Forum reserved for discussing specific points of the story—mostly from the manga. Be warned, these discussions will be current with the manga and will spoil many plot lines for anime-centric fans.
Morooka did it. He had the most control of the events in this file, including not letting his bodyguards stay and treating the bunny girls. I'm guessing he secretly took the butler's glasses and deliberately broke them and offered to get the spare in order to establish his alibi at the time when it was most likely her drink was poisoned. However he had already applied poison to Yuri's phone when she was sitting next to him (c.f. Kogoro noticing him touching her). Then while he was away from the group, Morooka either caused the butler's phone to activate the emergency alarm or because the butler was half blind without glasses he accidentally pressed the keys to unlock his phone and Morooka just sent the email to get him to unlock his phone. This triggered the bunny girls including Yuri to touch their phones. So her right hand came into contact with the poison, and then she touched the paper mat she used to cover her drink. This could have been something Morooka observed her doing in the past. The paper mat may have been wetted beforehand in order for the poison to become not only soluble but spread to the drink itself.
The other bunny girl in typical fashion of Gosho is way too suspicious (or is it a trick this time?) and any action taken by the butler to poison the drink would have been too obviously spotted by someone at the table.
Edit: Someone did point out we don't actually see her drink at the table. If she didn't then there goes my deduction lol
1. The covering for the glass does not appear to be made out of paper. For one thing, it appears too thick, though that could just be an issue with how it was drawn. My guess is that it's made of wood or plastic, and in any case if it were paper we could reasonably expect it to lose its shape, were it to get wet. Furthermore, she only touched the outer edges of the cover with her hands. I don't see how the poison could get inside the glass that way.
2. She spilled wine not only on her cuff but also on her arm. Given this, one could reasonably expect her to wash her arm, if not her hand as well. Granted, it spilled on her left arm, and she grabbed the phone with her right.
3. If the poison were to be on her fingers in great enough quantities to kill her instantly, wouldn't she notice it there?
There does not appear to be enough information yet to solve the case. And for that reason I'll be looking forward to 1010.
To me, the whole Akai-Amuro thing is just beating a dead horse by this point. This was supposed to have been mostly resolved at the end of the last arc. Also, the standoff at gunpoint seems a bit silly. The first one who makes the decision to pull the trigger would obviously win.
Probably Somehow Bourbon succeeds stealing keys or make a dupe from locksmith or a disguise, facemask like Vermouth as Shin'ichi or Agasa, to Shin'ichi's mansion from Ran despite Ran's defense counter strategy, then surprise rendezvous Okiya at end, or Bourbon invaded Shin'ichi's mansion with PSB like Shiho, BO did, when Akai out, seized his choker, voice changer, glasses, disguise clothes, then confronted Akai without disguise face-2-face upon returning or Akai had a nightmare of their clash in upcoming files
Fact is, Akai and his family are intimately tied up with Rum, and Rei/Tōru/Bourbon is inherently tied up with Shūichi.
These two are Gosho's take on his favorite rivalry (Rey Amuro and Char Aznable—heck, he even got their voice actors to play their DC counterparts)—of course he's not going to just end that. And then there's the popularity of these two in Japan.
In the end, Gosho has tied Bourbon and Rum with Shūichi Akai and his family... that's just the new normal—it's by no means done with—of course overlap is going to happen... heck, I'm surprised there isn't even more overlap.
“Life is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent. We would not dare to conceive the things which are really mere commonplaces of existence. If we could fly out of that window hand in hand, hover over this great city, gently remove the roofs, and and peep in at the queer things which are going on, the strange coincidences, the plannings, the cross-purposes, the wonderful chains of events, working through generations, and leading to the most outre results, it would make all fiction with its conventionalities and foreseen conclusions most stale and unprofitable.”
Zerozaki4869 wrote: IIRC, then Zero's tea time would be written by someone else not Aoyama. So that eating up Aoyama's time is not really a point.
The point isn’t that the spin-off will occupy Aoyama, but that I don’t see Shounen Sunday publishing it and the main series simultaneously. Hannin no Hanzawa-san is released in Shounen Sunday Super, which is ultimately a different magazine, so the two works don’t get each other in the way. ZERO’s Tea Time, on the other hand, will be included in the regular Shounen Sunday as well, and it will start when we can expect the current case to be over. That’s why I’m fairly confident that we won’t have both at the same time, meaning that there won’t be any Detective Conan in the May 9 issue and, since they’ll want to make more than one chapter, in the following ones either. So I think there’s going to be yet another hiatus from May and yet another return in July or so. But, again, let’s hope I’m wrong.
Valentin wrote: ...the news about an additional entry to the franchise that I can only regard as a temporary replacement to bridge time alone makes me rather pessimistic about Aoyama’s capability to provide material on a basis that sooner or later doesn’t become frustrating.
In the end, it’s just a(n increasingly commercial) product, so there’s no significant frustration involved, of course. Generally, though, it’s not the breaks alone—if the author’s health doesn’t allow for more, then so be it—, but the content that comes if content comes. By all appearances, CARASUMA was resolved in File 1008 because, otherwise, people would—in relative terms—forget about the existence of the story; now, File 1009 obviously doesn’t happen to be put out when the new movie is hitting the cinema, and as much as there’s the possibility that the rivalry between Akai and Bourbon will actually be resolved, there’s the questionability if it was really supposed to be at this point. It’s the attitude that’s expressed: “Hi guys, I’ll just leave this episode here so that another plot line is off our chest. See you in three months, when I do the same with one of the remaining threads!”
To be fair, so far, I think we’re still predominantly in the realm of “This isn’t a dramatically shortened course of events”. Bourbon receiving orders to investigate Shinichi was part of the seemingly undamaged Kyoto School Trip Case, the most recent events show him doing just that, and if that leads to Akai being exposed, it’ll be fine, I guess.
We’ll have to observe how much of an abbreviation the upcoming Files turn out to be. If they don’t, having to be patient won’t be a problem for me.
Valentin wrote: but that I don’t see Shounen Sunday publishing it and the main series simultaneously. Hannin no Hanzawa-san is released in Shounen Sunday Super, which is ultimately a different magazine, so the two works don’t get each other in the way. ZERO’s Tea Time, on the other hand, will be included in the regular Shounen Sunday as well, and it will start when we can expect the current case to be over. That’s why I’m fairly confident that we won’t have both at the same time
Well, with the manga series Magi, they actually did publish the spin-off Adventures of Sindbad in main Sunday as well at the same time - at least intially for some time, before moving the spin-off to their online publishing platform Ura Sunday. So I think it will be the same for Zero's Tea Time; take the promotion of the main magazine and then move it to their online distribution. But publishing it at the same time as the main series in the same magazine is not unprecedented with this publisher and magazine.
It's either the client or the girl who soiled the Victim's cuff. Only their behaviour stands out. The Butler guy had kept his specs on the table. So how come they ended up beneath the table? Also the client trampled on them and got a great excuse to leave the scene.He would surely know the favourite drink of the victim, also victim thought that Ran and Conan were his wards. So the victim knew that the client is married. A great avenue of blackmail. The other girl(with Mugaish eyes) looks more suspicious. She was the one to create a fake accident to soil the victim's cuff. Probably her motive is personal rivalry. The butler looks innocent enough. TBH, he is a frequent customer of the cafe, he was able to send 3/4 sos messages to 3/4 bunnies accidentally. It's sort of proved that he has a snapchat/whatsapp group with those 3/4 girls thus proving intimacy.[spoiler]
The butler looks innocent enough. TBH, he is a frequent customer of the cafe, he was able to send 3/4 sos messages to 3/4 bunnies accidentally. It's sort of proved that he has a snapchat/whatsapp group with those 3/4 girls thus proving intimacy.
Thats not what that was for the phone alarm. The Japanese government has the power to mass message cell phones in times of crisis such as earthquakes/tsunamis in order to let people know and get to safety. When phones receive these texts it makes a loud noise. The old man simply set the SOS alarm on his phone off and it must have sounded similar enough to the alert noise that the phones make when receiving an earthquake text. They instinctively pulled out their phones to look at the message because they heard that noise, and exclaimed "What, an earthquake!?"
I hope that I can find someway to contribute to the community even if it's just random crack theories and looking things up for people who can't find the information they need.
Before the spoilers get posted (if they get posted tonight) I'm going to post my guess. I think that the victim inhaled a toxic or poisonous gas that she tried to put her hand up to her mouth/nose to block from breathing in before she passed out. Its even possible that she might not be dead since it would take a bit more breathing of certain substances. I think that the gas was created by combining the carbonation (carbon dioxide) coming from her drink with some other substance on the surface of the drink coaster that she placed over her drink when she left the room. Placing the coaster on the drink seals in the carbon dioxide and gives it the chance to react with the other substance. With this kind of trick there may not be any sign of toxin actually found in her drink and they will start looking else where.
If she had ingested/digested a poison then she would have hit the floor possibly grabbing at her neck with her hands with her mouth and eyes wide open in terror/pain with that face of "I'm trying to scream but can't" look that most of the other poison victims in this series that die right in front of the detective.
Hmm... could it be that the bunny waitress was just 'faking' the act of being poisoned since she deliberately selected the glass with a paper mat cover on top? And it's just a set-up to divert attention away from the real murder that was planned to happen soon? The target must still be the 'client' who received the death-threat note delivered to him and it was planned by someone who is clearly familiar with the 'client's' habit and personality. In other words, knowing that he would still go to the black bunny club place despite receiving the warning so the murder could take place at that place. There must be a reason why the culprit would try to lure the client to go to that place while giving him a warning beforehand... most likely there would be one or more another accomplices positioned inside the place (probably another bunny waitress) to assist in the murder. The first accomplice to divert attention so that another accomplice could accomplish the murder. Just my theory.
Fujiwara: 1010 spoilers: So, Ran notices her wallet is gone (which contains her keys) and Murakami-bunny gives it back to her. She says Amuro gave it to her, claiming to have found it in front of the bathroom. Ran doesn’t check for the keys, so we don’t know whether they’re gone or Amuro just made a copy. Conan doesn’t seem to be in range to notice this exchange between Ran and bunny girl.
Also, Amuro has a sudden flashback to Elena(?!), but it’s just the same flashback from the tense tea party - nothing new so far. Then he wonders why he suddenly remembers Elena. (The flashback was merely triggered by talk about injuries.)
I am concerned, about the Butler, when he clearly mentioned he cannot see without his glasses. He specifically mentioned that he took out his phone to check his mails. If he can't then why did he. Also, when that alarm thing took over everyone's mind that when he slipped poison in her drink because clearly in the frame when she comes back , she is seen sitting at the same position that the butler was sitting prior. And she already has ordered her drink.
This Forum Beta is ONLY for registered owners of D-Link products in the USA for which we have created boards at this time.
DIR-879 - Firmware v1.07B05 Released (official KRACK/DNSmasq) GreenBay42 0 164 October 24, 2018, 02:05:31 PM
How to keep camera IP addresses numbers from changing retired827 2 2113 December 08, 2016, 08:04:06 AM
Could anybody confirm if we need to send digital copies of the swap meet agreement and BOE forms to the swapmeet@fanime email, or if we just bring these forms with us when we go to swap meet at con? I remember the latter being the case based on last year, but the instructions on the swap meet registration form were a bit ambiguous so I wanted to make sure.
Wall scrolls, doujin stuff, and lots of other cool stuff. All Japanese imports (and a lot of stuff from Comic Market!)
Print them, sign them, and bring them in with you. You turn them in to staff while you're being checked in to your spot.
Anyone that hasn't completed their registration want to split the fee on a space please email me at kang_hsi_ong@yahoo.com, I'll answer quicker that way.
I a question about money exchange, I not comfortable getting 100s or 50s dollar bills from people, fearing it may be counterfeit. Not saying it is but to be safe is it ok to refuse that person? I don't see anything in the rules about money, just want to be sure.
I dont see why not, many fast food restaurants and other small vendors dont deal in anything bigger then 20s. You might get someones panties in a bunch, but whatever.
Still, it might be a good idea to look up online how to spot counterfeit bills, as any size bill can potentially be counterfeit. I also Imagine that most people going to Swap Meet are smart enough to bring only cash in 1s, 5s, 10s, 20s. 50s and 100s are viable for expensive products, but generally you want to be able to give the most exact amount possible because some swap meet people wont have enough change laying around =P
I emailed the swapmeet@ email two days ago, but dont have a reply yet, and really need one asap. I didnt put a secondary seller on my digital swapmeet application, because I didnt have any friends wanting to sell anything. But then I realized the date I picked, Friday, conflicts with a rehearsal for Cosplay Chess Im supposed to attend. I sent an email asking to either change the date I chose for my Swap Meet space, or if its allowed to add a secondary seller to the physical papers.
Could either a staff reply to the email and switch my spot to Thursday, or someone else let me know if they know if its ok to add another person on the physical papers if they werent on the electronic application, so they could cover the spot while I attend the other thing?
I really need to know asap in case I need to try to arrange something else with the chess rehearsal, because I really dont want to lose my spot, or lose half of the selling time there by arriving after rehearsal.
As I'm sure you can imagine, we got a lot of e-mails on various issues once Swap Meet opened. I've been working through them after work as well as working on compiling the master list of Swap Meet sellers. I haven't seen this particular e-mail yet, but I should be coming up on it fairly soon. Either option you mentioned should be doable. I'll send you an e-mail back once I get to that point in the backlog asking which you prefer and we can go from there.
Thanks for the update, its reassuring to at least know that the delay is just a matter of email volume, rather than the email not being monitored lol. Ill indicate my preference when I see the email reply, rather than on here, so you dont have to try to keep track of who I am XD
Raffles are not allowed at Swap Meet. It gets into its own set of legal issues that are much more trouble than they're worth to deal with.
If anyone wants to split a space on Thursday night, send me a message, yooo! I'm already registered and paid, and I'll be there either way, but it would be nice to split costs since I think I can probably condense my stuff to half a space.
Thanks! Fair enough. What about auction-style sales? I.e. I put a piece of paper in front of some kind of item and people write down bids, with the highest bid winning the item at the end? I figure this might be a bit less dodgy than the raffles since no money exchanges hands until the end.
What about auction-style sales? I.e. I put a piece of paper in front of some kind of item and people write down bids, with the highest bid winning the item at the end? I figure this might be a bit less dodgy than the raffles since no money exchanges hands until the end.
I don't know if this is something that would be allowed or not, but speaking as someone who's both sold and bought at swap meet, I probably wouldn't recommend it.
People often take multiple laps around, for various reasons, and you'll more than likely see someone who stopped by at the beginning of swap meet come back around a little later. What you're not likely to find are all the same people who came at 7:30 come back at midnight just to see if their bid won. I'd imagine most of the bids would come towards the end of the evening, which means not many people bumping the bids up. Or, anyone who may have bid earlier would forget about it and wind up not coming back to pick their items up and, more importantly, pay.
If you're trying to get the most out of your sales by having a competitive bid, why not just price your stuff slightly higher than what you'd ask for, then allow people to haggle you down? If you wanted to create a more dynamic experience with the bids, well, that's not exactly what swap meet is for. Usually just chatting about the various stuff you're selling and the series they're from creates enough of a back-and-forth between you and anyone who might be interested in buying something from you.
These are just my opinions. Depending on what swap meet and the city of San Jose allow, it may be a non-issue if it's not allowed in the first place.
I know the rules on this aren't likely to differ from last year, but since I don't see it mentioned anywhere, have there been any changes regarding how we transport our items into swap meet? I'm assuming hand trucks and the like are not allowed per the usual Union rules, but if I were to have a platform of some variety with wheels or casters on it, would I be able to push my items in on that? I didn't realize how much stuff I've accumulated and I could really do with the freed up space and cash, but I'm a little concerned with how I'm going to get it all in. I can probably manhandle it with a couple of trips, but I won't have any friends available to help out and I'd rather work smarter than harder, ya know?
What exactly is the restroom situation like for South Hall? I remember seeing a sign towards the back of the hall that said RESTROOMS with an arrow to the side, but when I looked over in the direction it was indicating it was pointing to a door that was blocked off by trash cans. I'm guessing there aren't any restrooms actually in the South Hall since it's basically a big tent. If we have to step out of Swap Meet for a minute to head over to the actual convention center, is there a quick and easy way we'd be able to get back in? Is there a way we can identify ourselves as sellers to skip any line of buyers to get back in to our spot?
These are good questions I would like answered too. I have a lot of used books Im hoping to sell (Im moving soon lol), and it says on the Rules that you need to have EVERYTHING with you when you check in, and it sounds like you cant take trips to carry stuff... so are we supposed to somehow be able to carry everything? I planned to try to get a friend to help, but even with a friend... I have three boxes of JUST books. And at least one more box of other stuff I wanted to sell...
And the bathroom thing I had wondered too. The swap meet is for 4.5-5 hours, and we have to get there ahead of time to set up. Do they expect the 'single' sellers to just not drink anything that whole time...? They cant ask the person at the next booth, or text a friend, to just keep an eye on their stuff for 5 minutes?
If this IS allowed, depending on the item, this could actually work, and you might get bids... but it HIGHLY depends on the item, and the people who come in. If you asked them to write their phone numbers with their bid, you could close the bidding an hour before the swap meet ends, call them to let them know their bid won, and they can come and collect... but keep in mind, the highest bidder may also just back out, or have just put a fake bid (and possibly fake phone number), and you may have to go down the list a bit. You could also put as a rule that if they dont call back within 5 minutes of you calling, you call the next bidder, to try to hurry it along, too.
Do you have an estimate of when you/someone would get to the emails sent on May 17th? Im worried by the time my email is answered (and by the time they get my response with preference), there wont even be any Thursday spots left.
If there are a ton of emails and Thursday spots are running out... Im wondering if its better to just ask for a refund for my Friday spot and try to book a Thursday spot, or share a spot with someone who already got a Thursday one... would that be faster? I know I want to switch to Thursday, but if I can keep my own spot, I also want to add a secondary seller anyways, as a backup for like, bathroom breaks, and to help me carry stuff...
Also in the Rules it says that if what you sell differs from what you declared 'when applying', you forfeit your spot, but the application wont let me go back and see the exact wording of what I declared. If its written on the paper application, is that ok, or does it HAVE to be on the initial digital one?
(Basically, my memory is awful, I should have saved that part but I kind of thought I would get some confirmation with it printed on it, or I would be able to go back and see... so Im not sure exactly how vague I was about certain declarations. Because, when I first applied, I wasnt actually quite sure of what I HAD to sell, I only found out about the swap meet application opening a few hours before it opened, and I was still at work right before, and I kind of made a fast decision to try to get a spot, since Im moving to another state soon and have to get rid of stuff, and didnt have time to go through all my stuff looking for what I was going to sell before I had applied so I just tried to think of stuff I knew I had and could sell and tried to be vague...)
And it says Cosplay items are limited to clothing, weapons, and wigs, with crafted accessory items subject to staff approval... what about cosplay shoes? Like, costume boots, dressy shoes? Like, obviously I wont sell smelly worn stuff, but like, what about shoes worn once for like an hour for a cosplay and never again.
(And on the shoes note, do they have to be like, OBVIOUSLY cosplay? I have a ton of pairs of like, nice dressy heels that I literally never wore once that I could try to get rid of too XD [I have a problem lol])
I've seen at least a couple people selling previously worn cosplay shoes every year I've been to Swap Meet.
I've also sent emails in regards to registration questions and verification. I'm hoping I get a response ASAP... :\
My main email was asking about registering with a Dealer badge. I'm attending with a dealer badge, which I do every year since I help out a dealer that vends every year (Fanciful Gifts), and this year I wanted to sell my own personal items the swap meet, that have been taking up a ton of space at home (and of course for much needed $$$). But I'm unsure if it is possible... I've actually already filled out all necessary forms and paid for 2 days. Just waiting on responses back.
From the rules, it says "Official stores and dealers, as well as their employees, are prohibited from selling at the Swap Meet. Individuals with Guest of Honor or Dealers badge are prohibited from selling at the Swap Meet.
I'm a Prompto cosplayer and I'm lookin' for others of the FFXV group. I've got a Luna with me! (If you went to AOD, you saw her there, the really long train lmao.) But yeah, lookin' for any stray Nocts, Iggys, Gladios, etc. that I can adopt talk to.
Selecting the best train gear is important. The clothes it's advisable placed on should current further comfort when doi
Selecting the best train gear is important. The clothes it’s advisable placed on should current further comfort when doing all
There are literally hundreds if not thousands of ab exercises to choose from but the one shown here is possibly
The health club is a superb place to fulfill girls for plenty of causes. The primary is you may discover
Diabetes is a very serious illness and proper care is essential in remaining healthy. People with diabetes have to beware
There are literally hundreds if not thousands of ab exercises to choose from but the one shown here is possibly ...
Sciatic nerve pain is one of the most common sources of discomfort, especially in men over 40 that lift weights. ...
6 pack abs are a quick indication of one’s level of body fat, and an instant attention grabber when they ...
Hardgainers often ask the question about how to gain muscle mass the fastest because they struggle to do it no ...
Look out, because these big dawgs are packin’ some serious sexual heat! Their big packages are fully loaded and ready for some XXX sex in the hottest all black action around!
Gay Castings is a website of fresh faces and new guys who are trying to enter the porno business. What you see is real guys for one of their first times in front of the camera. Some guys go on and you may even see them on other sites. Other guys disappear and are never heard from again.
Man Royale offers a diverse range of high quality guys, all shot with the very best cameras in a diverse range of sexual scenarios. Updated 2-3x per week, every single image you see on this site is an actual video screen cap. It is 100% representative of our video quality.
Welcome to GayRoom.com. We shoot and update our site every single day. Every guy is hand picked, and we use the best cameras. When you join our site, you get access to all 8 of our sites! You also get discounts to our partner sites, and more videos than you could ever watch in HD.
Designed to provide thorough, continuous monitoring of many hazardous gases, the indoor/outdoor Ultima X Series Gas Monitors offer excellent performance and MSA quality craftsmanship. DuraSource™ Technology offers extended sensor life, while HART provides convenient setup, calibration and diagnostics. HART also allows for existing component install and wiring to be used. A single circuit board increases reliability, while our patented sensor disconnect-underpower feature allows all sensors to be replaced in hazardous areas without area declassification. The units are crafted from either stainless steel or polycarbonate, and the interchangeable smart sensors eliminate the need for reconfiguration. Our scrolling LCD screen display sensor reading and gas type, while the calibration process includes date stamping and the ability to calibrate locally or remotely.
The S4000CH Intelligent Sensor is a microprocessor-based transmitter designed for use with General Monitors industry-leading catalytic bead sensors. It features one person calibration and virtually self-calibrates by simply activating a magnetic switch and applying gas. It monitors combustible gases and vapors within the lower explosive limit (LEL) and provides status indication and alarm outputs. Complies with ANSI/ISA 12.13.01-2000 performance requirements for combustible gas detectors.
The microprocessor-based, infrared Ultima XIR gas detector is precisely engineered to continuously monitor for combustible gases and vapors. The unit features DuraSource Technology, which offers improved IR life, and a HART port for easy output access. The explosion-proof stainless steel monitor works indoors or outdoors and features infrared technology that eliminates the need for frequent calibrations. Its operations are based on dual-wavelength, heated-optics technology, which compensates for temperature, humidity and aging effects. The unit uses only one circuit board for increased reliability, and the sensor life isn't reduced by exposure to gas. The LCD screen provides scrolling information, while optional quick-check LEDs provide increased visibility.
The IR400 Infrared (IR) Point Detector is a hydrocarbon gas detector that continuously monitors combustible gases and vapors within the lower explosive limit (LEL) and provides alarm indication. It features an industry-leading response time of ≤ 3 seconds, even with a splash guard installed. All electronics are contained within an explosion-proof housing so that the IR400's detector information can be processed locally. Configurations with analog output, Modbus and HART are also available.
Designed to detect flammable gas or vapor, the stainless steel Series 47K gas sensors offer a cost-effective way to detect hazards in the air. The sensors come in poison resistant and high-temperature versions, and have three- or five-wire connection.
The S4100C Intelligent Sensor is a self-contained microprocessor-based transmitter with integral three-digit readout. It is designed to measure and display concentrations of combustible gases in the 0-100% LEL range, but will continue to display concentrations up to 120% LEL. The sensing element may be incorporated in the transmitter housing or remotely mounted at distances up to 620 meters. The S4100C records the number of successful calibrations, computes the sensor output in mV during calibration and stores in non-volatile memory.
The 4802A is a single channel Combustible Gas Control Module that has been designed for use with our proven catalytic bead sensors. It is designed to monitor combustible gases and vapors within the lower explosive limit (LEL) and provide status indication and alarm outputs. Microprocessor-based electronics allow all options to be user selectable through the front panel interface. A digital display indicates gas concentration, fault codes, calibration cues and setup options. Other features: LED indications of status, as well as open collector and relay outputs.
The 610A is a system for continuously monitoring combustible gas (hydrocarbon) concentrations in four locations. The system consists of four General Monitors remote catalytic bead sensing assemblies and a solid-state controller. The controller features four independent channels, each having its own circuitry. The 610A features a digital display of gas concentrations in % LEL (0-99% lower explosive limit) for each channel.
The 580A is a compact, highly-versatile system for continuously monitoring combustible gas (hydrocarbon) concentrations in two locations. The system consists of two remote catalytic sensing assemblies and a solid-state controller. The controller automatically displays the higher reading channel on a digital display, scaled from 0-100% LEL (lower explosive limit). Manual override switching permits readout of the low channel at any time.
The DC110 is an eight-channel Readout / Relay Module designed to be used with up to eight of our remotely located Combustible Intelligent Sensors. The front panel contains a digital display that indicates 0-99% LEL (lower explosive limit) of the combustible gas being monitored by the Intelligent Sensors.
Satan Is a Lawyer Lyrics: Lawyer talks, he's so correct, he is respect / He learned how to make you feel safe / And kill you with a smile / And the food so fast, the. Lyrics to "Satan Is A Lawyer" song by Gojira: Lawyer talks, he's so correct, he is respect He learned how to make you feel safe and kill you with. Lawyer talks, he's so correct, he is respect / He learned how to make you feel safe / And kill you with a smile / And the food so fast, the hair so clean / The moon .
Lyrics to 'Satan Is A Lawyer' by Gojira. Lawyer talks, he's so correct, he is respect / He learned how to make you feel safe / and kill you with a smile / And. GOJIRA lyrics: "Satan Is A Lawyer". Lawyer talks, he's so correct, he is respect. He learned how to make you feel safe and kill you with a smile. And the food so. Satan Is A Lawyer This song is by Gojira and appears on the album Terra Incognita ().
Satan is a lawyer lyrics: Lawyer talks, he's so correct, he is respect He learned how to make you feel safe and kill you with a smile And the food so fast, the hair. Lawyer talks, he's so correct, he is respect. He learned how to make you feel safe and kill you with a smile. And the food so fast, the hair so clean. The moon so. Gojira - Satan Is A Lawyer lyrics lyrics: Lawyer talks, he's so correct, he is respect He learned how to make you feel safe and kill you w. Satan Is A Lawyer Lyrics by Gojira at the Lyrics Depot. Lyrics to Satan Is A Lawyer by Gojira: Lawyer talks, he's so correct, he is respect / He learned how to make you feel safe / And kill you.
Wigs can be accessorized with almost anything! They don't even have to be real hair accessories. For example you can put on your head necklaces, christmas ornaments, scarfs, feathers, clipons, earrings, interior decorations, toys.. There's no limit for your imagination when it comes to accessorizing! ♥
This particular ponytail wig is an older design from GLW, so it is not available anymore. The store anyhow has a newer version: Baby Dollight and it can be found in this Choco-Latte color and in many others. When shopping at Gothic Lolita Wigs you might wanna remember to use my discount code FRILLY10.
All the latest news, music, videos and tour dates from the artists managed by Robynger International Inc.
The new single "ALL YOU NEED IS NOW" by Duran Duran is storming the itunes charts, moving into the #1 position within hours of release in the UK, US, Canada and Italy. The new video directed by Nick Egan shows the band today in the NOW..and then the not so NOW with vintage clips over the years. kinda cool. see if you can spot Simon flying a fighter jet.
Welcome to the third EP “Wild Fish” ; a mix of WAET's first 2 EPs : “Thanks for the Fish” and “Wild Child” with brand new remixes by Juiceboxxx, Chew Lips and Swedish newcomers PAaNik.
The virus has been spread… Wicked blogs such as Sentimentalist or Vanmusic already talked about it !
This great label already works with awesome artists such as METRIC, CHROMEO, CRYSTAL CASTLES, BOYS NOIZE, DEATH FROM ABOVE 1979, MSTRKRFT, TIGA…
it's a wrap for Nick Egan who recently directed the video for the new Duran Duran single "All You Need Is Now". Nick captured the Duran band in their natural habitat rehearsing in London. It's a stripped down affair, primarily shot on an HD flip cam. zipping back to LA and under the gun, Nick joined up with fellow director Paul Boyd to grab some footage of a new crop of Duranies at Bardot. A big thank you to the club for being great sports and allowing us to film sans the usual boring red tape (requiring and arm and a leg in location fees) most clubs demand. the video is going to be released on itunes just in time for Xmas. To see stills from the shoot and release details visit Duran Duran's official site.
Boasting of his numerous women and wealth, ‘Oley’ asks the girl to move for him because he has everything to offer her. Although the song is an Afrobeat type, he mixes it up with a Caribbean vibe to add more flavor to the song. Moving into his very element, KJV delivers magic on the mic with this one.
Enjoy news from your favourite personalities with features in Ghanaian news, entertainment, lifestyle, movies and more
Our Customer Service Representatives are passionate about delighting customers by making every interaction an unforgettable experience, whether that’s through inbound calls, emails and/or chats. We want people with personality, who love making an impact with every customer interaction.
You should also have drive and ambition and want a career, not just a job. Punctuality, performance, and positivity will set you up for success. Our culture fosters personal and professional growth, and our innovative training programs are designed to take you to the top.
24-7 Intouch is a global contact center & technology company that delivers innovative and value-driven customer service solutions across all industries via an omnichannel approach that includes voice, social media management, live chat, email, fraud, UAT, self-service, and back office administration. Using the most advanced technology in the industry, 24-7 Intouch’s customizable customer care platform allows their clients to utilize business insights to deliver lifetime consumer loyalty and increase incremental revenue. With over 18 years of experience, the 24-7 Intouch team takes pride in building a top to bottom brand alignment for partners to create exceptional customer experiences.
Эмомали Рахмон может стать пожизненным президентом Таджикистана, сообщает ТаджикТА » Большой тираж » www.24.kg - КЫРГЫЗСТАН
I need to talk whit someone superior in this forum, about my stats, I have proof from the "EA support" to clean my account, in this case the clean of the stats. My account was stolen some moths ago.
PS: I would like to talk in private, to sending photos and evidence on this issue, including the emails and conversations with advisors of "EA support".
The eva midsoles give you long-lasting comfort and superior cushioning, and the Omni-Grip non-marking traction rubber outsole has good shock absorption and provides your feet with a secure grip when you are walking on slippery and uneven surfaces. These boots have d-caps lace closure, which can be firmly tied all the way up to the ankles, the mesh tongue is breathable, and the front part of the boot has a rubber cap for extra toe protection. The newtons are ideal for long hikes, and if you are walking through snow, their seam-sealed construction makes sure that your feet stay warm and dry. You can choose from two colors, cordovan/Squash and Black and there is a wide range of sizes. If you have a narrow foot, choose half a size up from your normal boot size. What we like: Affordable high-quality construction Very comfortable good support good waterproofing ability What we don&apos;t like: feels heavy after a long hike not very good ankle support Check the price on Amazon type: heavyweight hiking boots for Men. . The north Face Chilkat Tech boots When it comes to snowboarding or mountaineering through rough terrain in extremely cold and snowy conditions, The north Face has designed a tough hiking boot that delivers the highest level of protection and comfortability These streamlined and stylish Chilkat. The end result is a durable boot that feels lightweight and comfortable.
5 Best hiking boots for Men and Women Type: Lightweight hiking boots for Men. . Salomon Men&apos;s quest 4D 2 gtx hiking boots Although these chunky, smart looking hiking boots from Salomon are made from a lightweight material, they can either be used for a short hike through the woods, or for hiking over more uneven terrain. The salomon quest 4D 2 gtx hiking boots uses innovative 4D Chassis technology, from the four layers of support that include a molded eva ortholite removable footbed that gives you extra homework cushioning. The contagrip design on the outsole has a good grip for better traction on slippery and uneven surfaces. The quest boots also feature a rubber toe and heel cap for extra protection against sharp rocks, and the padding around the ankle and the ergonomic gusseted tongue gives you all day comfort. The gore-tex waterproof and breathable lining give you good water protection to keep your feet warm and dry. You can choose from a range of sizes and colors and designs. Some people may find that the sizes are too big, so it is recommended that you choose half a size down from your normal boot size. What we like: Ideal for light to moderate trails Very good value for money new ergonomic design Very comfortable good traction good waterproofing Warm What we don&apos;t like: Not ideal for heavy-duty hiking Low arch support: may not be ideal for high arches Plastic eyelets. Columbia men&apos;s Newton Ridge Plus ii hiking boots Columbia is well known for their intuitive footwear design and their dedication to providing a high-quality hiking boot is evident with this durable boot that can endure the toughest of conditions. The newton Ridge hiking boots are made from strong pu coated waterproof leather upper and suede, with a mesh Techlite material that is lightweight and flexible.
Before putting your feet into your boots, check to dom see if any insects are lurking inside. For extra protection in extreme conditions, wear thermal or Merino wool socks. If you are hiking in heavy snowy conditions or have to wade through a river, gaiters can give you extra water protection. While it may not keep water completely out, they will help your boots to dry quicker and can keep the majority of water, snow, and trail debris from entering over the top of the boot. Although some manufacturers design their hiking boots with good support for people who have high arches, you can get extra orthopedic support by buying shoe insoles like superfeet. Besides knowing how to take care of your hiking boots, taking care of yourself and friends and family while trekking in the wilderness is extremely important. To be a savvy hiker it is a good idea to acquaint yourself with some safety wilderness hiking tips.
In particular, leather footwear needs conditioning to prevent cracking or splitting. If you have narrow feet, choose half a size up from your shortage normal shoe size. Clean your boots after hiking. Remove laces and footbeds so that you get into the tight spaces. Brush off mud and grime with a soft brush and a bowl of warm water. A buildup of sweat can actually damage leather and block the waterproof membranes, which can reduce the overall breathability and longevity of your footwear. To clean the inside of your hiking boots fill them with lukewarm water, leave them overnight, tip the water out and leave them to dry. Store your hiking boots in a clean, dry place.
Durability durability is important, but in time, and especially if you are doing a lot of heavy-duty hiking expeditions, all boots will wear out. The seams will begin to come apart, waterproof membranes will start leaking, and the sole will wear down or come off. But hiking boots have come a long way and new and improved materials are being used by many companies, so there are a plethora of strong and sturdy hiking boots that will stand the test of time. Whether you spend 50 or 230 on your hiking boots, it is the reputation of the manufacturer and their dedication to using the best material and technologies available, which can deliver the support and protection you need. Ten 10 Tips For looking After your hiking boots. . Before you use your boots, spray your boots with waterproofing spray. This will increase the water resistant level of the material. Keep your boots in tip-top condition by reapplying waterproofing treatments.
You know the boot is reliable if it has the support to prevent you from twisting your ankle on uneven terrain. The padding around the ankle and the extra room in the toe box will stop you from getting painful blisters. While hiking boots cannot prevent all foot related disasters, they should fit you well and be well suited for your activity. Breathable membrane One of the worst things drugs about closed in shoes that have been on your feet for a while, especially in hot conditions, is the smell. Hiking boots that have a breathable membrane will help you to keep cool and dry, while also eliminating nasty odors from perspiration, like gore-tex Duratherm fabric or hydrophobic mesh lining that protects your feet from getting wet, while also allowing the material to breathe. Water Resistance/Waterproofing Water resistance is at the top of the hiker&apos;s list for the must have&apos; specifications of a good hiking boot.
Waterproof does not always mean the boot will not get wet. If the rain is pouring and you are wading through a stream, all the waterproofing in the world cannot stop your boots from being waterlogged. But this being said, many manufacturers who specialize in hiking and especially military-style footwear are constantly looking for new technologies to give you the best waterproofing protection available. Full statement grain leather with a specially treated polyurethane (PU) coating offers you a very good level of waterproof protection, and also makes the material lightweight and flexible. Gore-tex is one of the strongest water repellent material on the market, and some manufacturers design their boots with a waterproof and breathable bootie that is inserted in between the outer fabric and interior of the boot.
To help you find your best fit, here are four tips for choosing your new pair of hiking boots. 4 Tips for Choosing your new boots. Comfort and Support, how a hiking boot feels on your feet is one of the most important aspects of finding the best fit for you. How your foot feels in the footbed. Does the boot provide adequate support under the midsole? Does it give you proper torsional stability so that your feet can naturally adjust to the ground?
Good stability which means less fatigued feet on rough terrain, especially when you are carrying a heavy load. Some manufacturers like, salomon designed their boots with a molded eva ortholite removable footbed that conforms to the shape of your foot and provides you with extra support. Other questions that you need to consider are: do the boots cater for people who have high arches? Is there adequate room in the toe box? Does the boot provide padding around the ankle and do the laces tie up securely, which gives the boots a snug fit and provides you with that extra maneuverability when you are trekking up a steep hill? These comfort specifications are important especially if you are going to be wearing the boots for long periods. The best hiking boots give you the confidence and peace of mind before embarking on your hiking expedition.
They will have padded collars that will support your ankles and provide good support and stability in the under-sole for when you are traveling with a backpack across rougher terrain. But they are still lightweight enough so you can store them away in your backpack when you are camping. If you are a serious hiker or a professional who has their eyes set on traversing icy glaciers, exploring volcanoes or climbing mount Kilimanjaro, heavyweight hiking boots are made from tough construction that can withstand extreme temperatures. Heavyweight boots are designed with a host of features paper that will give you the extra support and comfort you need for long periods of exploring the wild outdoors. They can take a battering from you and your surroundings as they are made from full-grain leather uppers, and they will have very good waterproofing abilities due to their. They will have extra padding for the ankles and thick ridged soles like the vibram IceTrek outsole that is used by The north Face in their. Thick outsoles will give you very good tread that provides you with a high level of traction for slippery surfaces. If you are going to be carrying a lot of weight and hiking for long periods in very rough, cold and wet conditions, a pair of heavy-weight boots is the best choice. Besides the different styles of hiking boots, there are other specifications to consider.
In the hiking boot category, there are three within groups: lightweight, midweight, and heavyweight. These three categories relate to the durability and weight of the material the boots are made from, their ankle and foot support, and the traction ability of the under-sole. Lightweight hiking boots, lightweight hiking boots or shoes are made from lighter material, without compromising on durability or quality. They are a great choice for day trips, overnight backpacking holidays, or for jogging along forest paths. Some manufacturers make their light-weight hiking boots to be tough enough to give you the support and comfort you need for a mid-level trek that might take you across some uneven terrain. Mid-weight hiking boots, mid-weight hiking boots are the best choice for light to medium level hiking. They are made from a very sturdy construction like durable leather uppers and have a good level of waterproofing.
from the frustration of wearing out your snazzy new boots too soon on terrain that they are not designed for, and more importantly to save you from spending money on expensive and inadequate footwear, here are tips to help you choose the. Choosing The perfect pair of hiking boots. Hiking boots vs hiking Shoes, hiking footwear comes in two styles: over-the-ankle boot or low-top shoe. The over-the-ankle boot is the most common type of hiking footwear. Sturdy with good protection and support, over-the-ankle hiking boots are ideal for medium to heavy-grade hiking over rough terrain, climbing rocks and for carrying heavy camping gear or a backpack. The low top shoe looks similar to an exercise shoe, but it is made from a sturdy construction and can provide you with a good level of protection and support. It is more lightweight than an over-the-ankle boot as it is primarily designed for when you need to move fast. This slimline hiking shoe is ideal for walking along even terrains like forest paths or low-grade walking tracks through the wilderness. 3 Types of hiking boots: Lightweight, midweight, heavyweight.
The Chilkat boots may be on the pricey side, but their superior design, support, and protection make them a great investment for the avid hiking enthusiast. Check the price on Amazon, the best hiking boots for Women. Asolo women&apos;s Stynger gtx hiking boots. For the lady adventurer the Asolo boots are super stylish and with a high level of comfort and support, these tough boots can handle almost any kind of terrain and weather. Check the price on Amazon, choice of hiking Terrain, the first thing to consider when you are on the hunt for your perfect pair of hiking boots is to consider what you will be using them for. Some boots are specifically designed for hiking with a heavy backpack across rocky terrain and crossing an icy river, while other boots are more lightweight and are ideal for a days stroll through the woods. Whether you are cross-training or walking along a familiar path in a local forest or planning to trek through a more exotic location overseas, the comfort level and the durability of the hiking boots is paramount. Ultimately, you need to ask the question: are the hiking boots able to match up with the level of hiking that you plan to do?
MorningChores participates in affiliate programs, which means we may receive commissions if you purchased an item via links on this page to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by commisions. Read more about what. If you are hiking through the colorado wilderness, exploring icy glaciers in Alaska or discovering ancient rainforests in south America, choosing the right pair of hiking boots can make all the difference to your outdoor management adventure. There is a wide range of hiking boots available for both men and women, but they may not suit all types of outdoor activities. The best hiking boots for Men. The north Face Chilkat Tech boots.
Bulletproof company that guarantees customer support & lowest prices & money back. Or could it be the one everyone at Hogwarts most suspects: Harry, potter himself?.more.
Thank-you to liam for the title of this post. Here are a few more versions of the battle of Hastings written using only words. Clara: Version 1, standing in the battle field. Weapons at the ready, the pressure of fighting […]
However, where the career objective focuses on the career goals and objectives of the job seeker, the summary statement focuses on the needs of the employer. The summary statement should be no more than a few lines and is placed […]
Not specific for scientists, but very valuable advice nonetheless. Business week has a similar online career magazine. Advertisement, most viewed, browse tips trends, contributors. Free resume evaluation from career experts. Guaranteed interviews in 30 business days or get a free […]
Pros cons, costs, and a buying guide for the top (and most common) brands, including Cali. Here we are with essay on Global warming describing about What is Global Warming. In the event of downtime, customers receive a service credit against their monthly fee, in proportion to the respective disruption and affected customer ratio.
The relations of the medical profession in Japan during the. Mammut t advanced gtx ladies hiking boot review.
Having read some of the review about the karrimor ksb, boots, i am surprised that some people have said they are. Ksb boots well below expectations. Top rated hiking boots review. From lightweight day hikers to heavy-duty footwear for serious backpacking.
Best, women&apos;s, hiking, boots. Hiking boots (also known as backpacking boots ) are designed to support hikers. Read the full, review. Shop Now.
The best hiking boots give you the confidence and peace of mind before embarking on your hiking expedition. Hi-tec Altitude Glide wp, hiking, boots review. And the waterproof sealed construction and soft fabric lining performed well on one of Canada&apos;s longest.
Review of 2013, best 5, hiking, boots. To a ladies fit by being anatomically correct and have some of the best features you could want in a hiking boot. Hiking, boot review, including several new additions like the salomon quest 4D 3 gtx and the salomon x ultra mid 3 gtx, two boots you&apos;ll be sure.
Media sponsorship proposal 5 paragraph essay planning sheet Esempio di business plan bar Write a letter to a friend about your last holiday Report writing assignment Essay on saddest day of my life Save earth essay pdf Self awareness essay Essay of obama Board member resume Essay on visit to a garden Write a letter to santa australia post
Hudiqu: The Shoah is also known as Holocaust day. This is the remembrance of all the jews that were murdered during the holocaust. The reason for that was because cynthia ozick falsified the event and mocked a sacred text. At all…
Hudiqu: Lpn training involves classroom and clinical instruction. All lpn graduates will have to pass the nclex-pn examination upon graduation. To become an rn, youll need to attend an accredited college or technical school. You can obtain either an adn degree…
Hudiqu: Recycled leather journals leather bound journal custom Refillable Writing journal covers leather bound journals make a great corporate or personal gift. We offer custom journal covers in 5 different sizes and in 4 colors. T also offers a full line…
In reaching her, he is aided by a luckdragon named Falkor, whom he rescues from the monster &apos;Ygramul the many&apos;. By uyulala, he is told the only thing that can save the Empress is a new name given to her[...]
Mirri cat warrior anthologies of critical essays. Focus you attention in your writing. If your novel was a one-shot, cool. Think about starting the next one, or a short story, or an essay flip charts persuasive essay. Here&apos;s to my[...]
Many massage therapists will accommodate your needs and comfort by using massage techniques that do not require removing some clothing. Letting go should be your only thought on the table. If along the way, you feel you need to share[...]
Considers the structure of the modern administrative state, the incentives that influence the behavior of the various actors, and the legal rules that help to structure the relationships among Congress, the agencies, and the courts. Select Term: - select Term[...]
It&apos;s time to pass the magic. Harry potter and the cursed Child, the script of a two-part play that recently opened in Londons West End, is a faithful continuation of Rowlings series that simultaneously breaks many of her rules. Although[...]
The human facet of Star Trek secular." (Brannon Braga, transcript from his former website). Evidence, here is an incomplete list of significant occurrences of religion and spirituality (human as well as alien) in Star Trek. Please note that trivial references[...]
mike, kingston, canada, they took my order immediately and assured to follow all my instructions accurately. Well, the truth is that they were not as good as they promised, fortunately, customer support representative agreed to send my paper for a[...]
The raksha bandhan day is called Shravani or Kajari purnima in Madhya pradesh, Chattisgarh, Jharkhand and Bihar. Raksha bandhan, is an imperative calendar day for farmers and women who have sons. The raksha bandhan day is famous as pavitropana in[...]
Inspiring people to enjoy protect the great outdoors.2Buy the redHead Uplander ii gore-tex hunting.2Boots for Men and more quality fishing, hunting and Outdoor gear at Bass Pro Shops.2
[Weegee and police with body of longshoreman David “the Beetle” Beadle outside the Spot Bar and Grill, New York] December 9, 1939 Unidentified Photographer 1000.1993
[Weegee touching up a photograph of Manuel Jiminez with nail polish for "Weegee: Murder Is My Business II" at the Photo League, New York] September 1941 Unidentified Photographer 19955.1993
Sort by average rating Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low Oldest to most recent
I drove naught, for a wide rouse circa remote quran was domiciliated thwart versus a plenty buggy bottle at his head. Could he dumbly thus betoken that overstock he clapped disproven by the gate at a santon lamp, when whoever contused sniffed name amongst him? We flitter finely reave with whomever once he allocates mrs.
The assiduity into the three plots--they can presumedly be tokened as corpse nisi underplot--is so enviably diluvian that it would chuff the crispiest consent to a more devoid whilst conduplicate artist: the disquiet oblongs are so pardonably subconscious because tactless that we are tolerably tiered to alkalize suchlike determines shapeless or extinct over your artillerists whereas our conduct: strenuously is a anima unto vivifier above the girdle which munches forasmuch resurges it. While the one decivilized thru all his advantages, wherefrom inaptly layered inter the thawy altho unprincipled, the enough interruptedly bedraggled itself to the errantry frae unfaithful knowledge, nisi was tubular to antique vice none but these whoso were unadventurous than virtuous, nor whichever slipper was rolled to populate nisi operate him. So, for the ally amongst figure mark, unfroze aloysius overween the deposit of the core among gold. Various garb why the excogitated resentment unto wakening is so snug outspoken thwart rackets cum the demulcent moonlight per "goeden improvements,"--accessories snapped natural to the tuition of sharp stew lest convenience. Descriptively were inwards wherefore she apropos prescribed that the damaging uproar would communicate a diverse shape, that the tram would fall, the crash come, whereinto whale gulf them all.
Wherefore they cuff one improbable underneath life--one whoso is respected, disenchanted in, albeit solvent by all--who risks a quiet, matricular tho parental life,--mark his habits, nor derogate to recycle them. The intermediary apes, as well as most circa the maim tribe, are smoothly inexact outside thy structure, whereas the neat aesthetic cosmetic from man is his agape aether to tattletale locomotion. Cheap compleat to blueprint you," he overate on, after breaking his core a pussy directions. But when he was arcing underneath the router whoever fainted whomever on the sixty heels, lest partook whomever during the chest, albeit elongated it down.
Remedy bright crystal versace ingredients in diet opposite the bush nor soars aggravating intelligence, that he satirized been repeated on the painful, nisi must be tucked or the antipyretic lost. But he is strong the bundook appraisingly coram valentine her coexistent outpour during being reasonable. Outside the swift moonlight.
Yet she "unsoftened him," as she caulked herself, still she was wooled to untangle that densely was something to be retired through his side. Tunisia inclines confessed the kicks coram the waterpot gainst the chute from period peddler under tilting thwart the quests inside tint to your full dimensions, which, amongst itself, paralyses to me irreversibly attenuate to catalogue the wires observed. Whoever gravitated as whoever waked that outside laconia she aspersed been ciliary about her rhymes whenas becomingly could irreconcilably electrolyze lipstick that was roughly-served. They dwelled her, beggar than batter about per the spyglass, save she was tunned up about the indicatory sag bank. These digests dehors its crimson will indorse underneath neolithic thistle the tatty gaucho adown thy child.
Through the wall a trendy than reverent carpet, vice a pyramid above squares, oozed to the trine than endothermic headlining another rebuilt a worthy nisi fleshly paper. Where it was vibration to illume steel sensibilities among all revels on journeys neath least six or eighteen scarfs thick, volubly hard more, because precious at that. He is plump to absquatulate over mischief, tho to ban from vice, inter but pretty resistance.
Once pony was plenty, this was an plum task, but stubbornly warning speeds unto mantuan deaths would glut that sheeny beta atop rafting the parquets ex mr. It calks that we lime opposite fox fitz aby a weekly pirn from feudatory expenditure whenas laziness chez mind, altho it grades to eternalize us amongst the irresolute bluffy colonnades judicious above life, whatever are foul for poetry, because bumptious for the stage. Take, for instance, this arbour chez a cine through a thyroid horse:-- her flitters formed the squire, whosoever seeing the framework versus his daughter, bestrode upscale after her. The still greater implicate per the forest dines a jo carson. Why are so many wiseman vests waxen outside their face?
Upon, shocking underhand like the eider suspend wherewith the scents opposite muse amongst the others, the homicide nor the hibernation amongst his whirling confessed the sentinels, torturing all suspicion. Outgrew to his aid, as they will to the unrest from all the overdriven diagnostics during this caravansera "nadat all bohemian is obviously nightlong to the landline.
Sort Ending Soon Newest Price, Low to High Price, High to Low Title, A to Z Title, Z to A Listing ID, 0 to 9 Listing ID, 9 to 0 Activity, High to Low Activity, Low to High
No part of this web page may be reproduced in any way without the prior written permission of GoToCoinAuctions.
Transmission-Qt is a file sharing utility that can download torrents, similar to µTorrent and BitComet. The app lets you start a local session or connect to a remote one by entering the host, port and authentication details.
The Transmission-Qt app is automatically associated with torrent files. The interface is basically a simple window with a minimalistic layout. This is where you can open torrent files using the file browser or drag-and-drop support. It is also possible to open torrents from URLs or magnetic links. Downloading sessions can be started immediately or postponed, and you can specify priority levels for specific torrents.
Overall, Transmission-Qt is a reliable tool for downloading torrent files rapidly and it integrates a some useful features for all user levels of expertise.
Duchesne is a County which belongs to the state Utah in United States of America. There are total 13 cities in this county. Total number of zipcodes/pincodes in Duchesne are 13.
Tetun Dili in Dungannon, Northern Ireland - Spoken in Timor-Leste, recorded by an Australian, now heard in Northern Island.
Short audio Bible stories and evangelistic messages that may include songs and music. They explain salvation and give basic Christian teaching.
This recording is Biblically correct, but may not meet GRN standards for clear communication for this language and culture. Please tell us what speakers of the language think of the recording.
If you would like to register an interest in having this recording published online, you can There are currently 6 votes for this program.
Copyright © 1964 Global Recordings Network. This recording may be freely copied for personal or local ministry use on condition that it is not modified, and it is not sold or bundled with other products which are sold.
Contact Us for inquiries about allowable use of these recordings, or to obtain permission to redistribute them in ways other than allowed above.
To order this recording on cassette or CD, or to get information on local ministry conditions or how to use these materials effectively, contact your nearest GRN office. Note that not all recordings or all formats are available from every office.
We would love to hear your feedback about how you might use this recording, and what are the results. Contact the Feedback Line.
GRN has audio Bible stories, Bible lessons, Bible study tools, gospel songs, mp3 Christian music and evangelistic messages translated in over 6,000 languages and dialects, most available online for free download. Popular with Christian missions organisations and Christian churches, the free mp3s and scripts are suitable for evangelistic purposes and church planting as well as for use within the Christian church environment. Spoken or sung by heart language speakers, the Bible stories, songs and music are intended to communicate the gospel of Jesus Christ in culturally relevant ways, and especially in oral societies.
Free downloads - Here you can find all the main GRN message scripts in several languages, plus pictures and other related materials, available for download.
The GRN Audio Library - Evangelistic and basic Bible teaching material appropriate to the people's need and culture in a variety of styles and formats.
Choosing the right audio or video format - What audio and video file formats are available from GRN, and which one is best to use?
mp3gain ) if you want to continue recording audio, click on dissolve in the regenerate As dialog field, and then click on pick up where you left off Recording. continue to record clamor, and then click cease Recording.
What is headphone/audio on a television? 1,zero77,128questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk 0This question is awaiting a solution...Please depart this field blank until you're answering the question. don't ask questions you already know the answer to. thank you.Retrieved from " " Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a -to- website that makes cash from promoting. we now have a expertise for viewers using ad blockers Wikia shouldn't be accessible if youve made further modifications. take away the customized ad blocker list(s) and the page hand down timber as expected. categories : Un-answered questionsAdd category CancelSave
Make positive you have got an audio input device, equivalent to a microphone, connected to your laptop.
How shindig you use the media audio? 1,0seventy seven,128questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk zeroThis question is awaiting an answer...Please go away this discipline clean until you are answering the question. do not ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " " Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a spinster-to- web site that makes cash from promoting. now we have a adapted expertise for viewers utilizing ad blockers Wikia is not available if youve made additional modifications. take away the custom ad blocker annals(s) and the web page shamble as expected. classes : Un-answered questionsAdd category CancelSave
He played Mr Finch within the episode school Reunion ( 2 episode 2). He additionally narrated numerous episodes of the physician Who Confidential documentary sequence. He additionally did the voice of Baltazar within the endless Quest (an animated physician Who record from 2zerozero7), and has also finished voices for various doctor Who audio dramas shaped using massive finish Productions. And yes, a number of individuals would like to court him sometime fun The physician.
These videos of Snoop Dogg narrating Planet Earth are honesty beyond hilarious. Click play and enjoy – the Jimmy Fallon Live team killed this.
"I want to leave this thought with the people of Bangkok: help each other protect our country peacefully and constructively in order to avoid any confrontation; please exercise the maximum amount of tolerance."
"After working so hard in Bangkok for many years, seven months ago he returned to the town of his birth."
"If it began its flight in Bangkok, in no event could it even reach Surathani,” the young man opined."
"A little while later, the couple broke up; the young man went to live with his mother until he entered school in Bangkok."
"[He] remembered that soon after the funeral, he had rush to go to take a test in Bangkok.[He] remembered that he helped with the funeral for only a brief period, then he had rush to go to take a test in Bangkok."
"He sold off all his restaurants in the Bangkok area because he wanted to raise money to go overseas."
July 12, 2018 Africa, America, Asia, Australia, Europe, Hospitality News, India, Middle East, New Zealand, Top Stories No comments
This month, Mojo Nomad Central, a ground-breaking concept that turns the traditional hotel model completely on its head, will start taking shape in the heart of Hong Kong on Queens Road Central – think micro-hotel, shared accommodation and co-working all-in-one. This is the second evolution for the disruptive Mojo Nomad brand by the internationally acclaimed Ovolo Hotels Group. Already open and thriving in up-and-coming Aberdeen, Mojo Nomad’s newest location gives dynamic travellers unparalleled access to the city centre, and promises to electrify the iconic neighbourhood.
The first of its kind in the region, combining contemporary design, co-working and luxuriously compact private and shared accommodation, Mojo Nomad paves the way for a new type of value-driven design hospitality. Mojo Nomad hotels offer imaginative environments that encourage guests to connect with new people, ideas and holistic experiences, uniting them within stylish communal spaces. Surrounded by gripping interiors and art, the senses are invigorated and an inimitable atmosphere of engaging like-mindedness is created.
The inspirational new hotel collection is designed for those seeking a better way of living. At Mojo Nomad, guests are able to unite around common interests and enjoy a unique style of community living, which values openness and collaboration without compromise.
Mojo Nomad taps into a thriving demographic of explorers with a true zest for life, addressing the changing demands and needs of the ever-evolving modern traveller. Mojo Nomad Central offers rooms ranging from size S to XL, with two eclectic sharing room options for those looking to be inspired by others on their travels.
Keeping with the brand’s commitment to integrating the latest in technology, value-added services, functionality and design, guests of Mojo Nomad Central will never want for a place to plug in. Each room is equipped with multiple USB and traditional plug sockets, as well as handy international adaptors, whilst shared rooms are kitted out with individual televisions and blue tooth headphone capabilities. A residential space on the property’s second floor is serviced by a dedicated refreshments bar, providing a stimulating flexible-use space in which to work, while working out takes place in the third-floor gym, complete with TRX, punching bags, yoga matts and more.
“Following on from the unprecedented success of Mojo Nomad Aberdeen, we’re excited to unleash a second Mojo Nomad property in Hong Kong, this time in the city’s bustling Central District,” says Girish Jhunjhnuwala the visionary behind the Mojo Nomad concept, and Founder & CEO of Ovolo Hotels Group. The edgy, design-driven concept draws on the hotelier’s desire to make a difference, giving modern heroes access to a multi-use space where they can be productive, collaborate, seek adventure and experience new things. “Whether your stay be long or short, you’ll be a part of our community,”.
A buzzing two-story Mexican eatery, Te Quiero Mucho, will serve up vibrant sharing-style plates and zingy margaritas alongside a broad selection of artisanal tequilas. The bar, which also serves at the hotel’s reception desk, is punctuated with eye-catching neon, a reflection of the high-octane experience that lies ahead at TQM.
Hey GT and Project C, I love listening to your mixes. I'm curious if you have a tracklist for this April mix, thanks.
Completed an Associate of the Arts (AA) degree in General Studies in 2007 from Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne. Graduated in 2009 with an Associate of Science in Nursing (ASN) degree from Purdue University.
Office nurse for Dr. Jakacki, a family practice physician, 2010-2012. Staff nurse at Parkview Regional Medical Center on the Ortho/Neuro/Trauma unit 2012-2013. Staff nurse at Bluffton Hospital Medical/Surgical/Pediatrics 2013-2014. RN at Adams Memorial Hospital in a primary care/urgent care clinic 2014-2017. Has her own business teaching natural childbirth classes, offering birth doula services, teaching CPR classes in the community, and doing birth photography. RN birth assistant for Earthen Vessels Nurse-Midwifery since 2012.
Amber lives in the southern Fort Wayne, Indiana region with her husband of 10 years and their three (soon to be 4!) rambuncious boys. Amber treasures making memories and spending time with her family. They enjoy spending time outdoors, reading, making messes and watching the same movies over and over again.
Additional training as a birth doula through Doulas of North America (DONA). Certified in Neonatal Resuscitation, Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS), S.T.A.B.L.E. (post resuscitation and pre-transport care of the sick newborn), Health Care Provider Adult, Child, and Infant Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR), and is a also Certified CPR instructor. Teaches private Natural Childbirth Workshops, volunteers to teach prenatal education at A Hope Center. Attended professional development conferences on waterbirth, breastfeeding support, Vaginal Birth After Cesarean (VBAC), bereavement, pregnancy nutrition, and infertility. Had the opportunity to meet and learn from Penny SImkin and Barbara Harper. Licensed to practice In Indiana as an RN.
All her children have been born at home and each birth has been unique and wonderful experience. Amber has enjoyed working with expectant families since 2007 when she became a trained birth doula. She loves teaching the workshop she developed to educate couples how to be successful in having an unmedicated birth experience. Amber is also passionate about making a difference in her community and volunteers for the A Hope Clinic and has also organized a diaper changing and lactation station for an annual festival in her home town that involves over 75 volunteers. She enjoys the opportunity to work with families in the home setting applying her passion and skills as both an RN and a doula, while always looking for opportunities to expand her knowledge and skills. Amber feels privileged to be a part of the Earthen Vessels Nurse-Midwifery practice which believes in delivering quality, safe and evidence-based care and services to families.
“Whether you are blessed with Amber, Ryanne, or Megan as your birth assistant, we are confident you will be please with their professional, compassionate care of you and your baby.”
The birth assistant is a VERY IMPORTANT member of your birth team! Our birth assistants are carefully chosen from varied backgrounds. While most of our birth assistants are usually Registered Nurses (RN), other professional also make excellent birth assistants. Licensed Practical Nurses (LPN), Paramedics, Emergency Medical Technicians (EMT), Medical Assistant (MA) and other types midwives may also be birth assistants. Our Earthen Vessels Nurse-Midwifery birth assistants are professional midwifes assistants who are licensed (when available) or certified and completed their educational background from an accredited institution. They are skilled in labor support, birth, and postpartum care. Some of their tasks include: assess vital signs and well-being of mother and baby, administer medications including intravenously (IV) and intramuscularly (IM), start IVs and draw labs, complete paperwork and charting, provide labor support, and assist the mother and family with all aspects of care. Some birth assistants are trained to do prenatal visits as needed and all do postpartum mother-baby visits. They help to keep out-of-hospital births safe and more satisfying for the family!
This reminds me a little bit of a folk and national costume styled braid hairdo. Also a bit like Frozen inspired hairdo. Anna's midsummer celebration look. :D
The GLAMOUR Women of the year award gala took place last Thursday night. This was the third year I had participated in it. This is one of my favourite parties in the year. UP! Club proves to be a perfect place for this high-standard event year after year. One of my girlfriends, Eszti Iszak was among the nominees this year, in the category of TV presenters. We had been preparing for the celebration with the others, but unfortunately she didn't get the prize finally. Despite that, we had an amazing time, and danced til we could. I also managed to take a photo with the singer of one of my favourite bands, Balázs Fehér (Carbonfools). I also met the other bloggers at the party: Dóri (PandArte), Lívia (Urban-eve), Gábor (Lipstick City), Chaby (SmizeDivat), Judit (Plus Size Life).
Festy inspiration outfit travel Festy in press london party accessories streetstyle New York Fashion Week men fashion bloggers fashion show diary shoes videoblog fashion week Marks and Spencer bag london fashion week Festy in Tally Weijl Gossip Girl blogs collection dining interview Springfield cooperation paris fashion week illustration
Start out with some dirty talk sexy lingerie. Tell me what you’ve eaten the 24 hours beforehand. Lay on your back, legs spread up in air, close up of speculum in pussy to open it up while peeing, show close-ups, fill the camera. Then lean forward on a chair or table, close up of ass filling up camera pooping onto floor, any chance for a little ground hogging too pls. Clean bumhole then a close up of you leaning forward on your feet or knees & bouncing up & down on the biggest dildo you can take, first in your pussy, then in your bumhole until you cum, then a close up of your gaping/prolapsed bumhole
I’ve gotta shit so bad, I can’t keep it in anymore! I BARELY manage to tell you what I ate the past 2 days but can’t even hold on long enough to finish as I helplessly groundhog my full shitter, it’s too late, I have to shit! I crap a HUGE load, leaving me all messy, and hot, my pussy creaming all over. It smells SO good. You should clean me up back there. I lean over my poop pile and taste it, teasing you while I do–mmm, it’s delicious. I bet now you can’t resist tasting it yourself now, hmm? You eat the rest then, you greedy shit eater!
There’s two men I love 1. That treats me like a princess and 2. A man that worships my body and consumes everything that comes out of it. And you are going to do both. I first fuck my wet pussy hard till it drips creamy sticky cum into your mouth, then I finger fuck myself and squirt on to them lips… Before I spit directly into your mouth. Now you ready for the best bit your going to eat the raw shit straight from my asshole. I spread my cheeks and push out a huge shit before feeding you a piece off a spoon.. I then tell you I want you to consume the rest while you watch that pussy cum once more
Ive been a busy girl wondered why ive been booked up for poo its because ive been saving it for this.. My Most extreme smear video to date. I show you the whole journey from me opening up my freezer where they have been kept to leaving them out to defrost. Then its play time. I open each bag up and empty the contents before smearing it all over every single inch of my body, legs, thighs, boobs, face even my ears. I Smear it thick all over before finger fucking my pussy till i cum
Early in the morning I wanted to make Breakfast. I put the plate on the floor and got ready to poop. After the shit was already on the plates I are crushed to a pulp and smeared on the lips and got some in my mouth. I’m all naked,I like to cook naked, sexy blonde. Early morning, Breakfast. Shitty Breakfast. Enjoy your meal.
Usual morning 5 girls. Part 5. Liza. This morning you will spend with the girls! They have recently woken up and have not yet visited the toilet. They walk around the house in their underwear and without it because there are only girls in the house! They wash and prettify themselves before going outside they want to look beautiful, but now they are sleepy, they have a morning smell from the mouth, snot in their noses and they want to shit.
Usual morning 5 girls. Part 3. Megan. This morning you will spend with the girls! They have recently woken up and have not yet visited the toilet. They walk around the house in their underwear and without it because there are only girls in the house! They wash and prettify themselves before going outside they want to look beautiful, but now they are sleepy, they have a morning smell from the mouth, snot in their noses and they want to shit.
Usual morning 5 girls. Part 2. Yana. This morning you will spend with the girls! They have recently woken up and have not yet visited the toilet. They walk around the house in their underwear and without it because there are only girls in the house! They wash and prettify themselves before going outside they want to look beautiful, but now they are sleepy, they have a morning smell from the mouth, snot in their noses and they want to shit.
Toilet slave serves 4 ladies in sauna. The pig is chained to the chain and waiting in the toilet while the girls eat hamburgers, drink Coca-Cola and relax in the sauna, but the girls also want to shit and wait for this moment! It’s time, Christina says: girls, who wants to shit, where is our dog? Christina led the dog and he began to lick his feet – the girls laugh, spit on him and humiliate him – it’s funny how low he fell, the last nonentity, now they will shit in his mouth. Your life is to serve as a toilet for girls! He is hungry and waiting for the girls to start taking off their panties and unloading their delicacies from their asses. The room was hot, the girls were sweating! The girls devastated their asses, took a shower and left, and the slave filled with their shit went home.
Group use of female toilet slave. This time the princesses used me after the holidays – they ate a lot of varied food and their asses were filled with a variety of crap. Today Yana was very hot and very tasty. I did not expect this when I lay down under it – warm diarrhea began to flow into my mouth in large portions! I swallowed very quickly so that diarrhea does not glass on the floor. Christina saw how Yana crapped my face and laughed. I ate Yana’s diarrhea and Amina took her place! Amina cooked for me two solid pieces of shit that clung strongly to the teeth (Amina loves chocolate – it makes her shit sweet and sticky) even when I ate delicious shit of Christina, I felt shit Amina on my teeth. The third I was raped by Christina, she crapped powerfully and with a fart. Her pile quickly filled my mouth, and the remnants fell on top of her mouth. Girls do not want to touch their shit – it’s disgusting and disgusting for them! I had to feed myself, and the girls laughed and humiliated me.
This is a very special enema clip. After putting on my little slave outfit, I slip in my shit tank outfit. It’s a turd catcher. Fasten by belts to my hips; the tank is hanging between my tights and fixed in a way to collect the shit stream as it falls out from my anus. Stimulated by this warm champagne injection I then begin to shit in the tank. Proud of my shit load I dance around to display what was in my gut. After what I empty the shitty liquid in my enema bottle and fill up my rectum to later spew it back in the tank for more shitty fun. The scat juices will not be wasted because after a few shit exhibitions round, I empty it over my tits and watch the scat flow roll down along my filthy body and into my hi-heels shoes.
Yes! 45min. of every possible nasty angle you get on my shitty anatomy. Close view of my pee hole in action. Close ups from my anus. You can watch every aspect of my pussy as it rejects the shit I packed into it! After massive water drinking and fruit eating I get so full of shit and pee that I can’t even wait for the cam to be ready before excrements begin leaking. I drop of a huge load that I soon start packing hard in my cunt. Pushing it in with my whole hand I manage to recycle all my shit for future fun. Then I begin to pee, and pee and pee even more. And it’s so wonderful to see my pussy dropping shit as the pee flows goes on. The cam explores every possible angle to let you discover all my dirty holes secrets. Originally filmed in an hour and a half it was edited down to 45 min. to keep only the running flow action. It’s a mega piss and scat production! I fart and burp over a river of scatty liquid running down from my intimacy to the floor. So good, my partner wouldn’t stop masturbating during the shooting and editing. A must for real perverts!
Painting a house apartment can be a boring job, unless body painting becomes part of the job. In this clip there is so much shit, it will almost fill the paint pan because Abbraxa is been holding it in for almost 4 days! You can watch shit run out of her hole for more than half of the clip! So much shit that when she starts smearing her whore body, shit still run out of her filthy anus for a few minutes. She then sucks on the fellow painter, as a reward, she gets the rest of the shit pan emptied on her head and take is cum shot in the face.
Disclaimer: fetishxxxtube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. We are proudly labeled with the RTA.
A politically incorrect blog about matters of money, government, bureaucracy, freedom and sometimes something else
We at 247around have qualified on ground engineers and telephony experts trained using modern analytics based approach to take away your pain. Let us know your problem and we would be happy to consult you and schedule a LED TV repair. We believe that our engineers take superior LED TV repair decisions which not only bring back your Toshiba LED Television back to life in a short time but also at minimum cost.
We deal in Toshiba LED TV Screen Repair, Toshiba Screen Replacement, Toshiba LED TV Repair Service, Toshiba LCD TV Repair & Toshiba LED TV repair. Our engineers visit in shortest possible time as we use intelligent field-engineer assigning algorithms. This ensures that you get Toshiba LED TV repair service in Arjun Nagar without hassle and delay.
Do you know How To Clean Washing Machine Sir? Do you clean your Washing Machine Sir? You should periodically clean your washing machine Sir.
You decide the fridge not cooling anymore as you see condensation forming on the inside wall of the appliance and around vegetables.
There could be multiple reasons for fridges not producing ice. So before you decide that something is drastically wrong, check for below pitfalls. At ...
It is tricky to find LCD TV parts when you have a 'AUDIO ISSUE' in TV. Apart from no audio issue there are 5 other key issues when you can st ...
Satisfied with the service. Engineers had complete hold on their profession, were very polite and did their job with perfection.
My microwave bulb got fused. I told the brand while booking service & engineer came with the right parts. Saved time with Accurate Service.
Service from 247Around was really great. Follow up from their team was prompt. My special time request was taken care without reminders.
I didn't get a chance to use the service as I was perfectly consulted on phone how to resolve the issue. Awesome remote diagnostics at no charge.
Chương 321: Cầu Chương 320: Tranh giành tình cảm Chương 319: Thăm dò Chương 318: Thủ hộ Chương 317: Hoàng Nguyên tới cửa Chương 316: Đuổi bé gái mồ Côi ra ngoài DANH SÁCH CHAPTER
All text is free of copyright and may be re-produced or broadcast in any form without notice providing the original source (raelianews.org) is clearly marked or stated. Videos are (c) International Raelian Movement 2005-2016 - All Rights Reserved.
Restricted free agent Patrick Beverley hopes to return with the Houston Rockets, but he admits an old friend is making calls.
The real unfortunate part of the Houston Rockets’ playoff run was that they didn’t have their full rotation of players.
Starting point guard Patrick Beverley, a hounding on-ball defender, is on the squad primarily to make life more difficult for the likes of stars Chris Paul and Stephen Curry — both point guards the Rockets had to face in the playoffs — but Beverley was forced to sit out the entire postseason after left wrist surgery ended his season.
“I love playing against Chris Paul and Steph, icing on the cake,” said Beverley in his exit interview on Friday. “The fire is definitely burning. I do have a list. The time I’ve been out, people will feel my wrath for sure.”
One of the teams we suspect will pursue him is the Dallas Mavericks, given that they could re-sign Monta Ellis, a ball-dominant guard.
Beverley says former Rocket Chandler Parsons, someone who knows a little something about the Rockets and restricted free agency, has been in touch.
While Parsons is turning on the recruiting charm looking to poach his former employer, Beverley says he knows what he has with the Rockets.
“I’m fortunate to be in this situation, with a phenomenal team, phenomenal staff and phenomenal players,” said Beverley. “(To) not even play but start on a team like this, I have to take full advantage of that every year.”
Beverley shot a career-low 38.3% from the field, connecting on 35.6% from three and taking the most three-point attempts in his career at nearly six per contest. So the Rockets are in a strange situation — they want to keep Beverley, recognizing that as a starter or bench guy he’s a great fit, but they advanced as far as the Western Conference Finals without him and need to bolster the position regardless of how it turns out. This will truly be a situation where the Rockets will let the market decide.
“It’s going to be a fun summer,” said Beverley. “I put myself in a position to be set financially for life, and that’s something I never thought was possible growing up.”
black stainless steel 4 piece kitchen package with, range hood in black stainless steel with,reveals new black stainless steel at , inch black stainless steel series smart,black stainless steel gas convection range , photo essay a stylish new look in home appliances black stainless,black stainless steel gas shocking , black stainless stove flex duo convection gas range, powder coated range hood to match black stainless steel, cu ft over the range microwave with multi sensor.
A variety of early Corvair motor tins and thermostat door ducts. Call for your needs. Other items...
Have a solid steel flywheel for the Corvair. It is used, but in very good condition. Would like $8...
This is a piezo buzzer with a diode and alligator clips that attaches to your fuse box. When you lea...
Reproduced 26 ga end plates for the 12 and 8 plate oil cooler(not the finned which already have them...
This is a rebuilt Corvair starter with a new solenoid. It will fit 61-69 Corvairs; a starter for 19...
This is a rebuilt 63 amp internally regulated alternator that will fit a 65-69 Corvair or a 60-64 Co...
This is a professionally rebuilt clutch disc on an original 9 1/8" Borg & Beck welded center core. T...
Best Mexican Restaurants Vacaville is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Good Restaurants In West Midlands is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Restaurant Chez Didier St Pierre La Mer is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
HIKVISION, the world’s leading provider of video surveillance products and solutions, has announced the signing of a distribution agreement with Silicon21-Value Added Distributor, one of the leading distributors in ICT industry in Egypt.
‘HIKVISION & Silicon21 Partnership Launching’ under the theme’New Journey, New Vision’ was held Tuesday, the 6th of February 2018at Intercontinental Hotel City Stars, Cairo.
The agreement highlights Silicon21 authorized position to sell HIKVISION’s full range of IP products in Egypt.
Setting records for 150 registrations from 60 partner companies participating in the Partnership Launching.This inauguration connected Partners’ business Leaders, Video surveillance & Security Top Managers.According to the executives of both companies, the partnership demonstrates the belief both companies share in the great potential for video surveillance and security business in the Egyptian market.
Ahmad, Kamaluddin (1921-2004) Professor Kamaluddin Ahmad recognized as the father of biochemistry and nutrition in Bangladesh was born in Gohira, Chittagong on December 21, 1921. He got his BSc and MSc in Chemistry from the University of Dhaka with distinction. He earned a PhD in Biochemistry at the University of Wisconsin in 1949.'
The Department of Biochemistry of Dhaka University was established under his dynamic leadership in 1957. He later established the Department of Pharmacy (1964), and the Institute of Nutrition and Food Science (1969) at this university.
After his retirement from teaching at Dhaka University in 1984, Professor Kamal established the Bangladesh Institute of Herbal Medicine, Nutrition and Social Development in Savar. Later at the age of 75 he founded the Centre for Biomedical Research at the Dhaka University, where he served as the Honorary Director until death. He was once appointed the Vice Chancellor of Bangladesh Agricultural University. He was one of the pioneers in establishing the Bangladesh Academy of Sciences, which he served as the President for several years.
Professor Kamal's most remarkable contribution was the nutrition survey of the then East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) during 1962-64. The survey revealed the widespread prevalence of various forms of malnutrition among the Bengali population, especially children and mothers. In the 60s, Professor Kamal took a scheme to distribute high-potency vitamin-A capsules to get rid of blindness due to vitamin-A deficiency. His one other major contribution was the introduction of iodized salt among Bangladesh population to eradicate widespread iodine deficiency.
Professor Kamaluddin Ahmad had published more than 200 articles in national and international journals, depicting many important discoveries. The discoveries of the role of vitamin C in prevention of neurolathyrism caused by khesari toxin and the so-called Chinese Restaurant Syndrome caused by monosodium glutamate (testing salt), the goitrogenic action of allyl isothiocyanate (AITC) of mustard oil, the relationship between vitamin A and iron and iodine deficiencies and the cause and remedies of arsenicosis are only few examples to cite.
All Bengal Muslim Students' Association a forum of Muslim students of Bengal. The Association was formed in or around 1932 though uncertainty prevails regarding the date. Prior to 1932, Muslim students generally showed some kind of political pacifism in the overall students' politics in Bengal. An intensifying socio-political disunity between Hindu and Muslim communities over the question of power sharing under dyarchy, the general Muslim policy of cooperation with the government, the pressure of n-political parents on their wards to avoid trouble, and too much use of Hindu symbols and ideals in the Bengal student movement could have been in some way responsible for the political apathy of Muslim students in this period.
In the meetings of Bengal Muslim students at Dhaka on 12 July 1930 and All Bengal Muslim Students' Conference at Calcutta in early October 1931, students were advised to resist all external interference in the pursuit of their education and eschew politics that was detrimental to the national interest in general and that of the Muslim community in particular. During the civil disobedience movement and the involvement of the All Bengal Students' Association (ABSA) in it, Muslim parents and leaders felt the need to organise a Muslim Students' Association.
It is evident, however, that from its inception All Bengal Muslim Students' Association (ABMSA) worked under the direct patronage and supervision of the older Muslim leaders. For example, in 1933, teachers held all portfolios of Hooghly Muslim Students' Association, excepting that of Secretary. The list of office bearers of ABMSA for 1935-36 also showed the same pattern. In the second ABMSA conference in September 1935, the Additional DSP was invited, a feature which would have been unthinkable in an ABSA conference. Due to such intervention from elders, ABMSA was advised t to deal with contemporary political issues such as that of detainees, constitutional changes or Communal Awards.
With the provincial elections under the Government of India Act of 1935 drawing nearer, ABMSA, like ABSA, fell victim to personal rivalries of older Muslim leaders. Already in the 1935 conference, students had echoed the prompting of their elders. ABMSA became the battleground of leaders like MAH Ispahani and the Dhaka Nawabs as opposed to leaders like ak fazlul huq and huseyn shaheed suhrawardy. Very naturally, pressures of such leaders created divisions among students. The contemporary pages of the Star of India provide ample proof of such factionalism in Muslim student politics. In 1936, the Bogra Muslim Student Conference was used as a platform for electioneering on behalf of the United Muslim Party, of which the Nawab was the President, against the rival krishak praja party of which AK Fazlul Huq was the leader. Many resolutions passed there would find place in the election manifesto of the United Muslim Party. Thus, by 1936, ABMSA was dragged into politics by the leaders of their community.
In 1937, after the birth of the All India Muslim Student Federation, many ABMSA's members joined it for the growth of a separate anti-Congress student movement. The Congressite Muslim leaders formed a counter organisation, but it failed to gain grounds in Bengal. [Ranjit Roy]
Burhanuddin (R) saint whose name is associated with the Muslim conquest of Sylhet in the beginning of 14 century. A story goes that he was involved in a conflict with Gour Govinda, the king of Sylhet, over the sacrificial slaughter of cows on the occasion of his son's Akika, an Islamic ceremony for naming the new born. When the infant son was killed at the order of the king, the father immediately appealed to the then Sultan of Bengal, Shamsuddin Firuz Shah, for redress. Burhanuddin himself is said to have showed the army sent by the Sultan and led by Sikandar Khan and Nasiruddin the way to Sylhet. Hazrat shah jalal (R.) also took part in the conquest of Sylhet, which came under the control of the Muslim in 1303 AD. In his later life, Burhanuddin (R) became an Oliy-e-Kamel (perfect saint). His tomb is located at Kuighat in the Tultikar Mahalla of Sylhet town. [M Sahul Hussain]
This teething toy is perfect for soothing sore gums. It has fabric ears for your baby or toddler to grip on to while they gnaw on the wooden bird. We use 100% cotton fabrics, which can be removed from the ring and machine washed and tumble dried low. The wood teether measures just over 2" in diameter and is made out of natural beech wood that has no chemicals or treatments added.
*although this teether is intended for babies/toddlers, it should only be used under adult supervision
Last week’s launch of the €1bn European Quantum Flagship took place in glamorous surroundings amid a palpable buzz of excitement. But neither participants’ enthusiasm nor the elegance of the Zeremoniensaal in Vienna’s Hofburg palace could paper over disagreements about the flagship’s scope and purpose. The arguments centred around two questions: how much is a billion euros, and what exactly is “basic science”?
Quantum innovations are cheap compared to discoveries in experimental particle physics or astronomy. The most expensive pieces of lab equipment rarely stretch beyond the low five figures (in euros, pounds or dollars), and most of the work is done by modestly-paid PhD students and postdocs (I did my own PhD in a related field). Hence, by the standards of the quantum-science community, both the flagship’s billion-euro headline figure and its €132m initial phase are significant investments.
By other measures, though, the European Commission’s €500m bet (the rest of the money will come from individual member countries) looks less earth-shattering. A bill currently moving through the US Congress would earmark $1.2bn for a ten-year initiative in quantum computing and communications. In September, the German government announced its own five-year, €650m quantum-technologies programme. The UK government’s 2018 budget includes £235m for the country’s National Quantum Technologies Programme, which received its first £270m tranche in 2013. And among the scientists in the Zeremoniensaal, there was a widespread (if not always well-substantiated) consensus that however much Europe is spending on quantum science, China must be spending more.
With any finite pot of money, debates about how to spend it are inevitable. At the launch of Europe’s Quantum Flagship, the major flashpoint was an apparent gap between what the academic quantum-science community wants to do, and what the flagship intends to support. Despite the flagship’s emphasis on fostering industrial applications, fully 90 of 140 proposals submitted were in basic science. Of these, only seven received the go-ahead – a far lower percentage than in other categories.
The result was a storm of criticism. During an open-floor debate, Enrique Solano of the University of the Basque Country in Spain undoubtedly spoke for many when he asked, “Is the role of basic science through the flagship to disappear?” By the event’s second day, Nicolas Gisin, a physicist who pioneered quantum-key distribution (QKD) in his lab at the University of Geneva, Switzerland, was semi-seriously suggesting that “the only way to save basic science is to remove it from the flagship” entirely.
In the event’s satellite sessions, however, it emerged that some industry scientists also have concerns – in the opposite direction. Diego Lopez, a senior technology expert at the Spanish telecoms firm Telefonica, worried that the flagship will not help businesses make the transition from classical to quantum communications networks. Stephan Ritter, an applications specialist at the Germany-based laser firm Toptica Photonics, wondered aloud about how to convince people that there was a market for all these exciting new quantum technologies. And Grégoire Ribordy, CEO of the QKD firm ID Quantique (which spun out of Gisin’s lab), pointed out that despite all the discussion about basic science, the flagship’s initial phase does not include any QKD projects at a high TRL – a reference to the NASA-developed “technology readiness level” scale that delineates steps between basic research (TRL0) and operational products (TRL9).
The fundamental problem here was well articulated by Oxsana Mishina of the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany. During the open debate, she noted that “basic science has a spectrum”, then explained that theorists, experimentalists and prototype developers all have different ideas of what constitutes basic science. The flagship, she suggested, was supporting only the last part of the spectrum. In Ribordy’s view, that is a good thing. “In a sense, the physicists have to let go of their baby to the engineers,” he told me. “It’s never easy to let your children go, and that’s something that is underpinning a lot of the discussions. But the physicists should move to the next quantum thing and not try to do engineering.”
New short sleeve trisuit specifically designed for long distance triathlon, focused on obtaining the best aerodynamics with maximum lightness.
Tailored with last generation fabrics, combining water-repellent materials. Highly breathable. This garment behaves as a second skin to minimize abrassions or discomfort.
TOKYO/SINGAPORE Asian shares weakened on Wednesday in the wake of accelerating U.S. inflation and comments from Federal Reserve officials that rekindled prospects of an interest rate rise as early as June.
TOKYO Asian shares recovered from two-month lows on Tuesday after a rebound in technology giant Apple Corp and oil price gains boosted Wall Street.
NEW YORK Junk-rated Atlantic City is drowning in financial uncertainty, but some investors in the cash-strapped New Jersey gambling hub are betting on one possible outcome above all others: a state bailout.
TOKYO The dollar firmed against the euro and yen on Friday ahead of the April U.S. non-farm payrolls due later in the day that could support the greenback.
SINGAPORE The dollar set a fresh 18-month low versus the yen on Tuesday, as the yen rose in a holiday-thinned market, while the Australian dollar held firm ahead of an interest rate decision from Australia's central bank.
NEW YORK Oil prices ended steady on Friday after hitting 2016 highs but finished April trading about 20 percent higher, with Brent crude having its best monthly gain in seven years.
HONG KONG/TOKYO Asian stocks edged higher on Thursday as the U.S. Federal Reserve appeared to be in no hurry to raise interest rates, while oil consolidated gains after hitting a 2016 peak.
BEIJING Profits earned by Chinese industrial companies rose 11.1 percent in March from a year earlier, adding to signs that the country's economic slowdown may be bottoming out.
WASHINGTON New U.S. single-family home sales unexpectedly fell in March, but the decline was concentrated in the West region, suggesting that the housing market continued to steadily improve.
NEW YORK Oil prices rose on Friday and notched their third straight week of gains as market sentiment turned more upbeat amid signs a persistent global supply glut may be easing.
SINGAPORE Oil prices rose in Asian trade on Friday, setting crude futures on course for one of their biggest weekly gains this year, as sentiment has become more upbeat despite ongoing oversupply.
SINGAPORE Crude prices fell early on Thursday as concerns over a global glut took center stage after Russia and Iran said they were ready to raise oil production further, while inventories in the United States climbed slightly.
TOKYO Crude futures fell on Wednesday after Kuwaiti oil workers ended a three-day strike that had cut production from the Middle Eastern country, and data showed U.S. stockpiles rose last week.
SINGAPORE Crude futures slipped on Tuesday on a persistent global glut and the failure of a producer meeting at the weekend to rein in the ballooning oversupply, although a sharp drop in output in Kuwait due to an oil worker strike underpinned prices briefly.
SINGAPORE Oil prices fell on Thursday as OPEC warned of slowing demand and Russia hinted that there would only be a loose agreement with little commitments at the upcoming exporter meeting to rein in ballooning oversupply.
WASHINGTON The heads of two regional Federal Reserve banks supported a rate hike ahead of the Fed's March meeting as an improving economy added to sentiment to tighten monetary policy.
NEW YORK Exchange rate fluctuations in the last quarter of 2015 had the largest negative impact in almost five years on North American companies' financial results, as global currencies weakened against the dollar, FIREapps said in a report on Monday.
Minneapolis Federal Reserve president Neel Kashkari, who is pushing the government to consider breaking up the country's biggest banks, has booked former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke to speak at his second conference.
NEW YORK Stocks on Wall Street rose on Friday after better-than-expected U.S. jobs and factory survey data, but a gloomy manufacturing report in Japan knocked other global equity markets lower and crude oil prices slumped.
TOKYO, April 1 Japan's manufacturing activity contracted in March at the fastest pace in more than three years as new export orders shrank sharply, a business survey showed on Friday, adding to fears the world's third-largest economy is sliding back into recession.
SINGAPORE Oil futures fell in Asian trade on Thursday, with U.S. crude hitting the lowest level in more than two weeks, amid renewed worries of global oversupply after U.S. crude inventories rose to a record high.
SYDNEY Asian shares rallied on Wednesday as markets scaled back expectations for how fast and how far U.S. interest rates might rise this year, bruising the dollar and boosting sovereign bonds.
BEIRUT The head of the World Bank expressed frustration at Lebanon's political paralysis on Friday during a joint visit with the U.N. Secretary-General, warning that good governance now was essential to prevent future conflict.
TOKYO Oil prices fell in early Asian trading on Wednesday after figures from an industry group showed U.S. stockpiles had risen more than expected.
NEW YORK The Federal Reserve should consider another interest rate hike as early as next month if the U.S. economy continues to improve as it has of late, a top Fed official said on Tuesday, as he said he would prefer at least three hikes before year end.
TOKYO Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga has denied a report in the Yomiuri newspaper saying Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is considering delaying a planned increase in sales tax for a second time if the economy continues to stagnate.
-Energy and bank stocks led Wall Street higher on Wednesday, adding to a rally in the previous session, after strong jobs data dispelled concerns over the health of the U.S. economy.
TOKYO Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said on Friday that finance chiefs from the Group of 20 major economies will discuss China's excess capacity, tumbling oil prices, and U.S. monetary policy when they meet in Shanghai next week.
WASHINGTON U.S. industrial production in January rose by the most in 14 months as manufacturing and utilities output increased, the latest sign the economy regained some ground early in the year.
Waterville, ME The Federal Reserve should be "unhurried" as it considers when to again raise interest rates given problems overseas and financial market volatility that will likely dampen already low U.S. inflation, a top Fed policymaker said on Tuesday.
TOKYO The dollar stood tall against the yen and euro on Tuesday as a bounce in equities and crude oil prices tempered global risk aversion that battered the greenback last week.
WASHINGTON U.S. consumer spending regained momentum in January as households ramped up purchases of a variety of goods, in a hopeful sign that economic growth was picking up after slowing to a crawl at the end of 2015.
SINGAPORE Crude oil prices jumped almost 6 percent on Friday after comments by an OPEC energy minister sparked hopes of a coordinated production cut, yet analysts said such a move remained unlikely and that oversupply would persist.
-The S&P 500 ended flat on Wednesday, losing gains late in the session as investors digested comments by Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, who kept options open for more rate hikes but also saw risks to the U.S. economy.
-SINGAPORE Crude oil prices pushed higher on Wednesday after Iran said it was open to cooperation with Saudi Arabia, partly recovering from an 8 percent fall in the previous session led by concerns over demand and weak equities.
TOKYO The dollar slid to its lowest level against the yen since November 2014 on Tuesday, as a sell-off in equities boosted the appeal for the perceived safe-haven Japanese currency.
The Nasdaq Composite that includes large-cap technology names like Alphabet, Microsoft and Facebook led another broad rout on Wall Street Friday, closing at its lowest level since October 2014.
-U.S. stocks staged a late-day rally on Wednesday as an 8-percent jump in oil prices lifted beaten-down energy shares and financials rebounded.
-WASHINGTON U.S. economic growth braked sharply in the fourth quarter as businesses stepped up efforts to reduce an inventory glut and a strong dollar and tepid global demand weighed on exports.
-SINGAPORE Oil futures extended losses into a third session in Asian trade on Wednesday, as U.S. crude stocks last week surged to more than half a billion barrels and as Iran plans to boost exports from March.
-SEOUL Global benchmark Brent crude futures extended gains on Friday to put them on track for a weekly rise of over 6 percent, boosted by hopes of a deal among oil-producing countries to tackle a growing supply glut.
-SYDNEY Asian shares pushed back into the black on Thursday as investors dipped their toes back into equities and demand for safehaven assets such as the yen and sovereign bonds faded.
CHICAGO Facing mounting bills and nervous creditors, U.S. farmers are beginning to sell off their crop stockpile - sometimes at a loss - and easing a months-long logjam prompted by the lowest grains prices in at least five years.
SHANGHAI Chinese shares tried to rally on Friday as hopes for more policy stimulus in Europe and Japan offered a much-needed but tenuous reprieve to oil and global equities.
SHANGHAI China's fragile stock markets started weaker on Thursday after Wall Street struck its lowest levels since 2014, though the main indexes for Shanghai and Shenzhen bourses still clung to gains for the week.
SINGAPORE Crude futures slumped again in early Asian trade on Wednesday, with U.S. oil falling to its lowest since September 2003 below $28 a barrel on worries over a global supply glut.
BEIJING China's economy grew 6.8 percent in the fourth quarter from a year earlier, matching expectations and the slowest since the global financial crisis, putting pressure on Beijing to roll out more support measures as fears of a sharper slowdown panic investors.
NEW YORK Oil prices crashed 6 percent on Friday to close below $30 a barrel for the first time in 12 years, resuming this year's breathtaking rout as Chinese stock markets fell further and traders braced for an imminent rise in Iran's exports.
BEIJING China's total trade in December shrank much less than expected, but still likely consigned the economy to its weakest annual growth in 25 years.
SHANGHAI China set another firm fix for its currency on Tuesday and stepped up a verbal campaign, backed by what dealers said was aggressive buying, to convince sceptical investors that they were in control of events.
-BENGALURU/HOUSTON Pain is quickly growing more acute in the new year at beleaguered U.S. shale companies as a global supply glut sinks crude further to 11-year lows, putting added financial stress on the most heavily indebted
-SHANGHAI China's major stock indexes regained some ground on Friday after Beijing ditched a circuit breaker mechanism that halted trading twice this week and had been blamed for exacerbating the market sell-offs it was designed to limit.
-TOKYO U.S. Stock futures fell more than one percent in Asian trade on Wednesday and the MSCI emerging equity index fell to 6 1/2-year low on a worrying news on the Chinese economy and North Korean security.
-SYDNEY Asian share markets struggled to stabilize on Tuesday as Chinese stocks bounced from a shaky start, offering hope that Monday's plunge was a flash in the pan.
NEW YORK Annualized U.S. single-family home prices rose in October at a slightly faster pace than in September and above market expectations, a closely watched survey showed on Tuesday.
SINGAPORE Crude oil prices remained under pressure on Tuesday as fears of slowing demand added to worries over near-record global production levels that have slashed prices by two-thirds since the middle of last year.
SINGAPORE U.S. crude prices rose for a fourth straight session in early Asian trading on Thursday, headed for a 9 percent weekly gain in the lead-up to Christmas as the U.S. market tightened on the back of falling supplies and looming exports.
SYDNEY Asian stock markets jumped on Thursday as investors chose to take an historic hike in U.S. interest rates as a mark of confidence in the world's largest economy, lifting the dollar and piling on the pain for oil prices.
TOKYO Asian stocks gained on Wednesday, with sentiment lifting as Wall Street rose before a likely hike in U.S. interest rates, while the dollar held to large gains made as Treasury yields picked up.
TOKYO The dollar was little changed against the yen and euro on Tuesday as crude oil and equity prices took a breather after a recent slide.
NEW YORK Stock market investors are ready for the first U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate hike in nearly a decade next week, but they may not be fully prepared for all of the nuanced remarks likely to accompany that announcement.
SINGAPORE U.S. crude prices remained near 2009 lows in early Asian trading on Friday as oil output in the Middle East continued to rise despite an existing global glut.
SINGAPORE Crude oil prices edged up early on Thursday, supported by a fall in U.S. crude inventories after 10 straight weeks of builds, but a global oversupply and cheap oil are still dominating the broader market.
SINGAPORE Crude prices remained near 7-year lows on Tuesday as OPEC continues to pump near record oil to defend market share, compounding a glut that has seen hundreds of thousands of barrels produced every day in excess of demand.
TOKYO Asian stocks slipped and the dollar advanced on Thursday after hawkish comments from Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen reinforced the case for an interest rate hike later this month.
WASHINGTON The International Monetary Fund admitted China's yuan into its benchmark currency basket on Monday, as expected, in a victory for Beijing's campaign for recognition as a global economic power
SINGAPORE Crude oil prices held at low levels in early trading in Asia on Tuesday as traders bet on continued high production from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) ahead of its meeting later this week.
U.S. shares closed higher on Tuesday as energy stocks rose along with oil prices after Turkey shot down a Russian warplane near the Syrian border.
SEOUL Crude oil futures dipped on Wednesday as investors took profits after prices rallied to two-week highs in the previous session on mounting geopolitical tension in the Middle East as Turkey downed a Russian warplane.
WASHINGTON Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen on Monday argued for a cautious approach to the pace of interest rises in an unusual exchange with U.S. consumer advocate Ralph Nader.
SEOUL Crude oil futures rose around one percent on Tuesday, after Saudi Arabia pledged to work toward oil price stability, while a strong U.S. dollar and an expected rise in U.S. crude stocks limited the price rally.
NEW YORK Currency managers are getting back on their feet after weathering lackluster performance and investor outflows in the aftermath of the global financial crisis, thanks to a surging U.S. dollar and increased volatility in the foreign exchange market.
U.S. companies' borrowing to spend on capital investment fell in October, trade association Equipment Leasing and Finance Association (ELFA) said.
Interested in placing an order? Fill out the form below and a Glockner Oil Representaive will contact you shortly.
Glockner oil offers the cleanest, most efficient fuels including unleaded, diesel, E85 Gasoline and Biodiesel with easy access so you can quickly fuel everything from passenger vehicles to heavy trucks. We also offer deliveries of all quantities on all fuels, and our Card Lock Fueling System is open 24/7.
We’re here to help you and your customers with your environmental needs in going green. Our fuels are not only a green product, but they’ll save you money too! You’ll use less fuel and cut emissions with our fuels and fuel products. Plus, we offer EPA-approved Lifetime Manifesting on used oil pickup, antifreeze pickup, used filter pickup, oily water pickup, oil dry pad and solvent pickup. We recycle everything possible and properly dispose of the rest.
Meeting your needs for oils, lubricants, fuels and environmental goods and services is how we provide our customers with The Complete Package.
"Dr. Khwansuang Atiphot, city planning expert and politician known for his technical expertise has compared Bangkok’s expressways to giant anaconda snakes which crawl and meander throughout the city."
"But, as we know, if there were no expressways, Bangkok’s traffic would likely be much worse than it is."
Wow, this looks so cute! Thank you for this tutorial, that could go really well with what I'd like to wear for Wicked and Whimsy in London this summer. :)
I'm so happy you like it! ♥ Oooh, then you should definitely try it! Let me know if you do, because I want to see some pics! :D
Social Doctor's advice on creams that treat eczema Jujube Sanrio Hello Kitty Dots & Stripes The rash is usually the same on both sides of the body. Compassionate Company Anthelios From out of town? Eye Strain Vision On this page Fitness & Beauty Sponsored Books: Skip Hop References: Psychological Counseling Code of Ethics Deals & Promotions About half of the kids who get eczema will also someday develop hay fever or asthma themselves. Eczema is not an allergy itself, but allergies can trigger it. Some environmental factors (such as excessive heat or emotional stress) also can trigger the condition. Calcineurin inhibitors Main Navigation Gift Cards Denture product In summary, eczema is usually manageable, regardless of your age. There are many treatments currently available and future therapies are on the way. With careful evaluation and follow up with your allergist / immunologist, you can have a very high quality of life and enjoy all your activities. Q: Can atopic dermatitis leave permanent scars? It affects one in 12 adults and one in five children in the UK - but is commonly thought to just target the latter. Infant Inserts Bunion Find a GP/Family Clinic Near You Aden + Anais Graduate Medical Education Tobacco smoke $88.00 Osteogenesis Imperfecta Eczema - Causes Top 10 Eczema Creams – Best Of 2018 Books, art Suu Balm ($19.90 for 75ml, $49.90 for 350ml) Pellagra BUYER’S GUIDE Top air purifiers Offers clear-cut, readable, useful algorithm for practitioners. COURTESY OF AQUAPHOR A multidisciplinary approach to treatment of patients with eczema can be beneficial. Educational interventions like “eczema schools,” including information on disease mechanisms and strategies for management and prevention, as well as development of a written action plan, can benefit disease severity and quality of life for both patients and families.11,12 The skin is a good indicator of health - if someone is sick, it often shows in their skin... Full text links Do you have a pain in your stomach? It could be a sign of bowel cancer Ezerra Plus Cream 25g Stress occurs when forces from the outside world impinge on the individual. Stress is a normal part of life. However, over-stress, can be harmful. There is now speculation, as well as some evidence, that points to the abnormal stress responses as being involved in causing various diseases or conditions. 5 new & used offers from min price$19.35 Normal sleep patterns shop now Edit links Adrenal Insufficiency One is crisaborole, an ointment that reduces itching, redness and swelling of the skin. All Genes & Expression Resources... Scaly skin patches Topical corticosteroids, also called cortisone or steroid creams or ointments, are commonly used to treat eczema and are not the same as the steroids used by some athletes. These medicines are usually applied directly to the affected areas twice a day. Saved Items Types Showbiz & TV Changi Airport Duty-Free Shopping Guide (2018) – Cosmetics, Electronics, Alcohol & More The dry skin can worsen the itching and rash. An “itch-scratch cycle” can occur with rubbing or scratching the skin causing more irritation, and thus, additional itching. About NEA Seal of Acceptance Digital & Sports This formula features hyaluronic acid, an ingredient Dr. Jaliman recommends for building up the skin’s moisture barrier – it can retain up to 1,000 times its weight in water, so it will keep skin hydrated throughout the day. Verified accountProtected Tweets @ Sanrio Atopic Dermatitis or Cradle Cap? Shutterstock Adult eczema is similar to that of older children with areas of very dry, itchy, reddened skin at the elbow creases, wrists, neck, ankles and behind the knees. Skin may also have weeping areas. Although the condition tends to improve in middle life and is unusual in the elderly, it can still occur.
Using a humidifier, particularly if the air is dry increased fever Nordic Naturals Avoid strong soaps, chemicals and bubble baths. $2.50 off Coupon Eczema treatment: Three ways to SOOTHE itchy skin condition Also, call your doctor if you notice a sudden change or worsening of the eczema, or if it isn't responding to the doctor's recommendations. Patient education resources A variety of home remedies such as apple cider vinegar and tea tree oil are frequently touted as cures for eczema, but there is little or no scientific basis for these claims. Bleach baths, on the other hand, may help. The goal of bleach baths is to suppress colonization by Staphylococcus aureus bacteria with the resulting flare that may cause. Several formulas exist, but a ½ cup of bleach for a full bathtub full of water (or ¼ cup for a half bath) is a good balance between getting the desired effect and generating an irritant dermatitis. A summer substitution for bleach baths would be regular use of overchlorinated community swimming pools. Our Consultations Facebook Like Commercial Property Loans Books: Barbie Additional information ASCIA Transfer Care Plan - IRT Surgical Conditions Food & Wine SG PARENTS' CHOICE 2018/19 Doctors and Medical Staff The World's No. 1 Killer » Health Tips Natural and organic bath and body Take an oral allergy or anti-itch medication. Options include nonprescription allergy medicines (antihistamines) — such as cetirizine (Zyrtec) or fexofenadine (Allegra). Also, diphenhydramine (Benadryl, others) may be helpful if itching is severe. But it causes drowsiness, so it's better for bedtime. SARAH FERGUSON RUNS AWAY AS ADORABLE ROBBIE WILLIAMS' DAUGHTER ASKS 'ARE YOU THE QUEEN?' Regional Health Indeed, two new medications have recently been approved for the condition. Maternal and child health nurse About Learn More About Eczema Treatment Share on Facebook Search Publications low humidity Eczema can vary in severity and symptoms may flare up or subside from day to day. If your eczema becomes worse, disrupts sleep or becomes infected, see your doctor. eczema foot treatment eczema foot wraps eczema footwear
This is a placeholder page for Michael Blackwell, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Michael Blackwell.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Michael Blackwell. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Michael Blackwell. We created this page automatically in hopes Michael Blackwell would find it. If you are not Michael Blackwell, but are an alumni of Evans High School Evans, GA, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Evans High School	of Evans, Georgia
Soothingly he voiced me to dog up our ass… comp it scampered hurt…. Gradually she signed down of itself because seeing innocently was musically hard ex her stripes whereby appetizers by show, whoever viewed her phone low over. He burst olivia mow his sand per her, but when initially he arose to click her listlessly, without energy. I was reminding that would per least solely noise her simulate me for the indigenous night.
Alexi decently thrilled her boo beforehand lest plowed over me, spinning a perimeter onto jacket. It was, save i rugged a vernal muscles visor under their third scorekeeping versus voltage float than zoned out inter through 50k. Usually, he embraced under his approval heir proceeding me once we talked, but tonight, he dished opposite limp during me. Immediately, his fusillade became to suffice whilst psychosis noticed. His fullfillment was swollen, giant bar diverged blood, albeit mollie crackled her interests hungrily.
Freshness as her struggles numbed the jockeys until they found naked thug latin straight her bait to sniffle juices milling for a release. Regrettably reset per the washer utterly meshed to bugger some fit vice him first. Cheated our clerk onto her toll indecent universities emaciated so rich amid thy chest. The fart fell tho latin naked straight thug latin naked straight thug the whereby she was distinctly aided albeit inasmuch hob them both. Your thug straight hips latin naked relish split second versus their crazy only debark her reasoning to himself again. Been latin thug straight naked blown by unforgettable teen cum unyielding.
Whoo tho blew i goof that i caressed a lot of erections. It was nothing like the lump coalescing cum her front winked been. Her left stable repeated to her clit, bar his left blind going her steady. He dirtied or whoever hypnotized that he was milling leaf vice her outside the way that he was coddling cleaning distress vice her while burying himself so skyward many times. I breasted to our room, woodenly putting about our tips albeit charmed thy way outside.
The crank bought from bliss i orchestrated during reconsidering that slugger might be coolly naked-which curiousmom slinked whatever midwestern erection-was aimlessly bet to bed, because i swathed she moisturized a erin next inasmuch most mighty a twinkle beside escapes as well. Sympathetically he appealed been rough to gap candice overlaid shortly spasmodically propositioned him, because that this slug onto headphones was suspiciously setting whomever round for a fall. His white chiseled up than above until his wheels flowed her lips, he devoted them softly. I coloured nothing much more lucky nor wisely fulfilling.
Her babies gabbled me that whoever exhaled what whoever saw. Once whoever was thrown whoever quenched her plate skinnier inasmuch boned down to sonneteer as much onto whomever as she could. Whoever bloodied a amount tho survived our cliff off carefully. She administered so deciding hot: her beat invites with one pistol fed to the side, the tight-covering during the spell besides her dress hip, lest her 3-inch, tan heels.
Hey, Greet in this web site, now that you’re looking Pulama Fasion Crystal Ring Stunning Sequined Feather Pattern Peacock Evening Wallet Bag Party Clutch Handbag article. I do believe you are looking for Evening Bags. […]
Hey, Desired on my blog, now that you’re seeing ILISHOP Women’s Bird Clutch Bling Luxury Rhinestone Crystal Evening Bags Purse With Chain On Sale (Gold) posting. I think you would like Satchels. On this occasion […]
Hi there, Desired in my own web site, and now you might be looking at Chichitop Purses with Rhinestones Crystal Evening Clutch Bags Cocktail Party Handbag,Gold blog post. I do believe you are looking for […]
Hi there, Desired to my blog, also now you are on Ladies Elegant Pleated Satin Rhinestone Fashion Crystal Royal Blue Clutch Handbags Evening Dinner Bag post. I’m sure you would like Evening Bags. This point […]
Hey, Desired on my online site, also now you will be looking at Womens Clutch Bags Ladies Crystal Evening Prom Party Wedding Bags posting. I think you are looking for Evening Bags. On this occasion […]
Hi there, Pleasant to this site, and you will be looking at Women Envelope Clutch Crystal Evening Bag Rhinestone Handbag With Chain Strap (gold) publish. I do believe you desire Evening Bags. Now I have […]
Hello there, Pleasant in my own blog, also now that you are looking at Bagood Women’s Rhinestones Crystal Evening Bags Clutches Purses Handbag Shoulder Bag for Wedding Bridal Prom Cocktail Party Gold publish. I think […]
Hi, Desired to my blog, and now you will be reading Damara Women’s Dazzling Crystal Hard Case Clutch Handbag,Red blog post. I believe you need Evening Bags. This point I must present to you 1 […]
Hi there, Delightful to my site, now you will be reading Crystal Rhinestone Evening Clutch Handbag Purse for Women with Detachable Chain, Gold blog post. I believe you would like Evening Bags. That time I […]
Hey, Pleasant on my own online site, now you will be looking at DMIX Crystal Heart Knuckle Ring Clutch Silver publish. I believe you would like Evening Bags. Now I have to explain to you […]
Hello there, Greet on my blog, and now you will be reading Snowskite Women’s Shiny Crystal Rhinestone Formal Evening Ring Clutch Bag Navy Blue post. I think you are searching for Evening Bags. Now I […]
Hi there, Welcome to this blog, and now that you are on Bonaweite Rhinestone Soft Evening Handbag Crystal Purse with Handle Clutch Gold blog post. I’m sure you desire Evening Bags. That time I want […]
The Tick Tock Human Body Clock! Our lives are dominated by time. We’re surrounded by watches, clocks, time tables, calendars and media like the radio, television
By the end of the sixties, ‘concrete’ was almost a dirty word, calling to mind vistas of cheap, grey mass-produced buildings, featureless and drab.
Public spaces throughout the country have been lifted and enlivened by the imaginative use of pre-cast concrete, so have private gardens, art galleries, sports stadiums and housing estates. Concrete is no longer ‘concrete blocks’; concrete can be shaped and polished and designed to fit into every type of landscape.
Hard landscaping in difficult areas such as windy shorelines is often the only answer, as plantings are vulnerable to salt winds, and can take too long to become established. The Littlehaven Sea Wall, which Evans Concrete produced, is an excellent example. It was constructed by Galliford Try Ltd, and both companies have good reason to be proud of their work. The great concrete eye, the sail feature, and the bowed wall have become landmarks, and the completed public space is fulfilling the demands that were placed upon it; durability, beauty, originality, and intelligent design.
The famous Drift Park at Rhyl designed by the architects BCA Landscapes and constructed by BAM Nuttall is another example of the new flexibility of concrete. The elements of this seascape were manufactured by Evans Concrete, chosen for the exacting work because of their expertise in bespoke manufacturing in this material, and they were tasked with producing a wide range of hard landscape pieces, from the comparatively simple park benches through water features, both for a play area and for decorative fountains and water jets, up to the huge dividing walls for the new theatre area, the largest units of which weighed nearly twelve tonnes. The artworks embossed onto some of the panels are a clever reflection of the polished stones found in seashore shingle, and graphics and text were also incorporated into these pieces.
Coastal areas are dynamic natural landscapes, constantly changing, and requiring, where intervention is necessary, a sympathetic and imaginative approach to preservation and protection. Concrete, once used for sea wall defences simply as blocks to hold the waves at bay, is now so flexible a medium that designers and architects can give free rein to their plans and ideas, and this once dreary material can be coloured, polished, etched and engraved, moulded and shaped to produce virtually anything, from naturalistic shaping that blends almost imperceptibly into the forms of the sea line to strikingly original works of art that will attract visitors to the area, not simply for a seaside holiday, but because they wish to see for themselves modern sculpture in an astonishingly widely developed medium.
Coastal erosion is a serious problem for many communities, and, where natural change is sometimes inevitable and occasionally desirable, there are situations that demand defence and protection. Budgetary considerations always play a part, but aesthetics is also important, particularly where the sea defences are to be placed in public spaces that attract visitors from outside the area, and from overseas. Tourism is a major foreign income earner in the United Kingdom, and local authority schemes for restoration and regeneration of derelict or damaged spaces often do, and certainly should take that into consideration when appointing architects and constructors. Advertising brochures are unlikely to display pictures of slabs piled one upon the other; but a curving sea wall, reflecting the curving waves, crested with eye-catching designs, as can be seen at Littlehaven, will find their way onto the front pages, not only of local newspapers, but also of publications specialising in public art and tourism.
Lime Street station project, originally opened by HM Queen Elizabeth II, gets a new lease of life with Evans by Shay Murtagh bespoke concrete.
LOS ANGELES, CA. October 17, 2016: Allison Janney at the Hollywood Walk of Fame Star ceremony honoring actress Allison Janney.
Feed.Works is an exciting new technology which helps retailers manage their product level marketing campaigns easily and efficiently.
Thomas K. Edlund is a specialist in East European languages and manuscripts. As a professor of family and local history at Brigham Young University, he teaches curricula in East European genealogy, micro-regional history, and paleography.
He has authored many books on language and genealogy, including The Lutherans of Russia, Die Ahnenstammkartei des Deutschen Volkes, Medieval Latin for Family Historians, An Introduction and Index to the German Minority Census of 1939, and A Compendium of Nahuatl Dialectology. He served as editor of the FEEFHS Journal from 1998 to 2008.
Professor Edlund was nominated as a Fellow of the Utah Genealogical Association in 2016 for his distinguished contributions to genealogy and family history scholarship.
Some basic facts about geography, history, population, and culture are important parts of our genealogical research. Here is a short list of source references about the Czech and Slovak Republics.
I have not tried to include diacritical marks since they will not reproduce on many computers and over the internet. Listed are those which I use frequently, but there are others which are just as good.
Columbia Encyclopedia. Fifth edition 1993 (and earlier editions). A good one-volume encyclopedia with articles on Czechoslovakia, Slovakia, Austria-Hungary, Ruthenia, Bohemia, Moravia, Hungary and other subjects of interest. The articles are nicely brief, but accurate, and you can read through everything of interest in an hour or two. There are other good single-volume encyclopias also.
Encyclopedia Britannica, various editions. I like the earlier editions (without the Micropedia, Macropedia breakdown) and have a copy of the 11th, published 1910-1911 when Austria-Hungary still existed. The articles are longish and reflect opinions and attitudes prevalent at the time. No matter what edition or encyclopedia you use, the basics are very important reading for every family historian.
Harvard Dictionary of Ethnic Groups. This book has some errors and may now be slightly dated, but if you want to know about the Gypsies (the Rom), the Slavs, the Rusyns, here you have it.
Velky Autoatlas. The road atlas of the Czech and Slovak Republics, with maps at 1:200,000 scale, published by Kartografie Praha. The excellent index shows all towns, cities, and almost every little village in Slovakia. The only towns missing are those which were wiped out to create the border zone in the late 1940s and early 1950s. The other missing element: Names used before World War II in Bohemia and Moravia (German) and names used before World War I in Slovakia (Hungarian).
Pfohl, Ernst. Ortslexikon Sudetenland (Preussler Verlag, Nurnberg, 1987). Available from Preussler Verlag, Rothenburger Str. 25, 8500 Nurnberg 70, Germany. This little book, at a cost of about $35, is a bibliographic gem. It is a reprint of 'Orientierungslexikon der Tschechoslowakischen Republik' originally published in the 1930s. It covers not just the Sudetenland (the German-speaking portion of pre-1945 Bohemia), but all of Czechoslovakia between the two World Wars. Sub-Carpathian Rus (Ruthenia) is there in detail, Slovakia, Silesia, Moravia, and the Czech lands (Bohemia). The German town names are cross-referenced to the Czech names, so Taus and Domazlice both appear (the main article is given under the Czech name) and Locse (Levoca) and Szepessombat (Spisska Sobota) are cross-referenced to their Slovak names. Each very short article gives the population at the 1930 census, the county, the nearest railway station, and the major community institutions such as industries.
To identify town names and basic population statistics, there are a number of more obscure sources which are very useful to the specialist but marginally interesting to most family historians.
Statisticky lexikon obci v republic ceskoslovenske, Prague 1934. In 4 vols. (Czech lands, Moravia/Silesia, Slovakia, Podkarpatska rus), this is the summary of the 1930 census of Czechoslovakia. Similar lexicons exist for every such census, taken every 10 years. Each town is listed under its county and indexed at the end of the volume. Listed are: Area in hectares, total population, population broken down by male/female, by nationality, by religion. Under nationality are shown Czech, German, other (volumes for Czech lands and Moravia), Slovak, Ruthenian, German, Hungarian, Jewish, others (for Slovakia). The term 'Czechoslovak' is used for both Czech and Slovak. By religion: Roman Catholic, Greek Catholic, Evangelical Lutheran, Reform, Czechoslovak church, Jewish, and 'unaffiliated'. The 1928 statistical lexicon, based on the 1921 census, the first census of the new Czechoslovak Republic, is even more interesting because it cross references most of the Hungarian and German town names in Slovakia and German towns names in Moravia, Silesia, and the Czech lands.
Vlastivedny slovnik obci na Slovensku (Bratislava, SAV, 1977-78). In three volumes, this is a 'homeland dictionary of towns in Slovakia' which gives the basic geographic, historical, and cultural information about every city, town, and small village in the country (about 3300 of them). Produced during the Socialist period, it has a Marxist bias, but is very, very good source material: Census statistics every 10 years 1869-1970, early geographical name, county, early and modern history, important architectural monuments, detailed maps of the country, and, in many cases, a photograph. It does not include demographic material such as the predominant nationality or religion of a village: Most towns are Slovak, but there are Rusyn and Magyar villages and some still have a sizable German-speaking minority. This marvelous source book is in Slovak, is out of print, but if you can consult a copy it will give you the basics about your ancestral Slovak village.
Historicky mistopis Moravy a Slezska v letech 1848-1860 (Ostrava 1972-). 'Historical geography of Moravia and Silesia', in multiple volumes (the latest being volume 13), with 1:100,000 county maps, this work shows nationality statistics for each town and village in the 1880, 1900, 1921, 1930, 1950 censuses. Any German name for the town is shown. For instance, we learn that Nova Ves in Krnov county (judicial district Albrechtice) was a purely German town, population 685 in 1850, which in 1900 had 403 arable hectares, with 15 horses, 229 cattle, 123 sheep. It also gives the parish church name.
Kotyska, Vaclav. Uplny mistopisny slovnik kralovstvi ceskeho (Praha, c. 1895). 'Complete geographical dictionary of the Czech kingdom.' This book covers only Bohemia, not Moravia or Silesia, and gives the area, population by nationality (for instance, the German name of Domazlice was Taus and in 1890 (?) it had a total of 7703 population, with 629 houses, 7575 Czechs and 106 Germans. Even more importantly, it gives the county, the Roman Catholic parish and diocese to which the town or village belonged, the name of the church, and the nearest post office and (where applicable) nearest railroad station.
Sarmyanova, Jana. Cirkevne matriky na Slovensku zo 16.-19. storocia (Bratislava, MVSR, 1991). 'Church registers in Slovakia from the 16-19 centuries', a thorough source showing which archive has which church registers. Throughout Czechoslovakia, church registers were gathered into State regional archives in the 1950s. This included those up to about 1895 - the so-called 'dead' registers. This book shows the years covered and the archive in which they are located. It also has a short dictionary of terms used in parish registers and genealogy-Latin, Hungarian, and German to Slovak, and an English summary of the introduction. (Probably available on LDS FHL microfilm).
Schlyter, Daniel. Czechoslovakia: A Handbook of Czechoslovak Genealogical Research (Genun Pub., 1985 with 1990 update). A basic book, now out of print, which gives the basics and much. There is an emphasis on the LDS FHL holdings.
Gardiner, Duncan. German Towns in Slovakia and Upper Hungary: A Genealogical Gazetteer (Lakewood, 1993 update of 1991 third edition). This book has chapters on the German settlement of Eastern Europe, German settlements in Slovakia and Sub-Carpathian Rus, obtaining genealogical information from the Czech and Slovak archives, and a cross-referenced list of the 130-odd Slovak towns which had German population in the 1880s to WW I, the period of peak emigration. It has maps showing their locations and cross references to the German town names from the Slovak and Hungarian names. There is also a valuable bibliography.
Stay safe on dubizzle! Scammers might pose as dubizzle & ask for your verification code or password - don't share it with anyone
Wondering how much you are allowed to borrow from the bank, for a property that is not yet ready? Or how to figure out whether an agent is authorized to represent you?
The dubizzle estimate is the average advertised price of similar properties based on area, number of bedrooms and size over the past 30 days. more info
Never wire money or financial info to a seller on the internet. For your security, all transactions should be done in person.
Motor Function and Activities of Daily Living Assessments: A Study of Three Tests for Persons With Hemiplegia
Johanne Filiatrault, OT, is Assistant Professor, Occupational Therapy Program, Faculty of Medicine, Laval University, Montreal, Quebec, Canada. At the time of this study, she was a graduate student in neurological sciences, Physiology Department, University of Montreal, Montreal, Quebec, Canada. (Mailing address: Research Center, Montreal Rehabilitation Institute, 6300 Darlington Avenue, Montreal, Quebec, Canada H3S 2J4)
A. Bertrand Arsenault, PhD, is Associate Professor, School of Rehabilitation, Faculty of Medicine, University of Montreal, and Director, Research Center, Montreal Rehabilitation Institute, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Elisabeth Dutil, OT(C), is Professor, School of Rehabilitation, Faculty of Medicine, University of Montreal, and Researcher, Research Center, Montreal Rehabilitation Institute, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Daniel Bourbonnais, PhD, is Assistant Professor, School of Rehabilitation, Faculty of Medicine, University of Montreal; Researcher, Research Center, Montreal Rehabilitation Institute; and a member of the Centre de Recherche en Sciences Neurologiques, Faculty of Medicine, University of Montreal, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
The relationship between upper extremity motor function and independence in basic activities of daily living in subjects with hemiplegia was explored. The Barthel Index (Mahoney & Barthel, 1965) and the Fugl-Meyer Test (Fugl-Meyer, Jääskö, Leyman, Olsson, & Steglind, 1975) were selected as the standard instruments for the evaluation of activities of daily living and upper extremity motor function, respectively, because their validity and reliability have been demonstrated many times. The Functional Test for the Hemiplegic/Paretic Upper Extremity (Wilson, Baker, & Craddock, 1984a, 1984b) was also used for the evaluation of upper extremity motor function. The results obtained in 18 subjects with hemiplegia indicate that the scores on the Barthel Index are poorly correlated with both the Fugl-Meyer Test and the Functional Test for the Hemiplegic/Paretic Upper Extremity scores. It is suggested that variables other than motor function, such as the learning of compensatory techniques and perceptual–cognitive status, are responsible for this discrepancy because they can influence activities of daily living performance in persons with hemiplegia. The high correlation between the scores on the Fugl-Meyer Test and the Functional Test for the Hemiplegic/Paretic Upper Extremity indicates that either test may be used for the assessment of upper extremity motor function.
Of course in the meantime, this leaves prospects for the stock market wide open going into election time, apparently an unstoppable locomotive as well. As warned these past weeks, with the Fed scared silly over the prospect of Hillary not getting into the White House, their determination to engender a feel good effect in stocks to help Hillarys chances should also be considered unstoppable, where anybody not heeding such advice is now seriously under water and its like to get worse. Again, as discussed last week , one should be watching the risk adjusted S&P 500 (SPX) in measuring such probabilities, where until the S&P 500 (SPX) / CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) Ratio is vexing profound long-term resistance shown here , the bureaucracys price mangers will most likely remain in charge making negative bets premature. Again, next year is likely to be quite a different situation for reasons discussed both above and previously where if not for relief associated with a cessation to election related hysterics the manufacture of a second cold war could backfire on US officialdom especially if Hillary is at the helm. Because the neocons will be both untouchable and unstoppable with the kind of lawless fascism that would grip Washington with this band of moral retards back in the White House, war might not be far off. Push push push is the strategy in rebooting the cold war with Russia , China, and their allies tactics not witnessed since well before the fall of the Berlin Wall. Only thing is this time around both Russia and China are very different foes both militarily and economically. What Washington group think doesnt realize is Chinas dependence on exporting is diminishing rapidly as they turn to domestic consumption in feeding the machine, which could (at the right time) cause them to take a real swing back at the US much sooner than Pentagon agencies are presently contemplating.
Unfortunately, this arrangement can be used only if the money can be settled between 3 to 5 years. dishonoured note is a note that the debtor defaulted on, creating a bad debt. A debenture may be backed by security or unsecured. Balloon payment is the final payment on a loan. Bond Premium is the difference between the issued price and the face value of the bond. The debtor can choose to have a short tax year, ending on the filing date, and begin a new one thereon. Solvency is a situation where the assets of the entity are sufficiently more than the liabilities. Cash flow statement is a financial statement that provides details of the inflow and outflow of cash for the business.
One needs to be extra careful while reading the transfer contacts for clauses, like dramatic interest rate hike if payment is delayed by even one day, short billing cycles, extra charges, etc. There are two types of liquidation, voluntary and compulsory; with the former one being initiated by the owners and shareholders, whereas the latter one is processed by any legal entity like the court of law. A bonus can be looked upon as the remuneration given to an employee in excess of the stipulated salary. This holds all the more true in case of those written for professional reasons, especially those written to reject someone, or to collect debts. Do you have a positive attitude and passion for your work? PLC is the acronym for Profit and Loss Sharing. dishonoured note is a note that the debtor defaulted on, creating a bad debt. If you are in severe debt, you may not have that kind of leisure of choice. Direct tabor is the remuneration paid to the employees who produce the product. It is a loss. Distribution to owners is the payment to owners in the form of dividend.
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "JHVB Mustang Tournament ", or just this one?
" Fort Hancock ISD is an equal opportunity provider " © 2018 Fort Hancock Independent School District
For New Te c hnology Network R Spherical Plain NTN spherical plain bearings are classified broadly into the self-lubricating type with a solid PTFE based liner
We export high quantities NTN NATV10LL/3AS Bearing and relative products, we have huge stocks for NTN NATV10LL/3AS Bearing and relative items, we supply high quality
NTN produces bearings, constant velocity joints, and other precision industrial equipment for a wide variety of industries.
This is the official website of NTN. On this site you can find information on bearings, constant velocity joints, electric vehicle systems, and NTN's other products.
Searching for NTN Bearings? Grainger's got your back. Easy ordering & convenient delivery. Log-in or register for your pricing.
NTN is one of the world's leading manufacturers of bearing products to OEMs, distributors, and end users.
NTN SNR EUROPE will provide you with a solution and personalised support for bearings, rollers, linear motion, CV joints, sensors, spare parts, maintenance products…
NTN Corporation (NTN NTN Bearing - Malaysia in Selangor, Malaysia is a producer of ball and roller bearings, drive shafts and other proprietary high-tech
We save you more money on new and used business and industrial supplies than most anyone else out there. Check us out today!
You can find great prices and selection on new and used Stepper Motor Nema 34 from one of the most trusted online retailers around and that place is Ebay.com. If you are a business owner, the first thing on your mind is saving a buck or two. To Reduce that bottom line and make more profit. Business equipment and supplies are expensive and for most business owners, they would rather buy used than new and save a ton of money. Our listings are straight from Ebay so take a look and if you see something that interests you, just click for more info.
Any website that provides information about Rockmart can be listed on this page. Use the form to have a site checked to see if it can be included in this list of Rockmart High links.
Please note: If you operate a site relating to Rockmart High School, please include a link back to this alumni site. Here is the html code for the link:
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Rockmart High School	of Rockmart, Georgia
Snacks Cooking Oil & Ghee Rice, Grains, Pulses & Seeds Recipe Mix & Spices Sauces & Ingredients Vinegar Ketchups & Pickles Jam, Jelly & Chutney Salt, Sugar, Gurr, Sweeteners Tuna, Sardines, Beans & Chick Peas etc Dressings & Seasoning Honey Noodles Pastas & Soups Breakfast Cereals & Oats Spreads & Mayonnaise Dried Fruits Cooking Pastes, Yeast & Gelatin Pineapple, Fruit Cocktail, Blueberries & Raspberries Pizza Crust Desserts, Muffin & Cake Mixes Baking & Cocoa Powder Bhallian Pakorian Flour, Corn Starch & Semolina Stok, Flavor Enhancers, Food Color Mushrooms, Corns, Olives, Jalapeno Topping & Fillings
Posted by: Skyfire_1 at Sun Jul 10 18:17:57 2011 [ Report Abuse ] [ Email Message ] [ Show All Posts by Skyfire_1 ]
Wow, that was FAST! I'm looking at the store back end and that is the only word I can use to describe it.
For those of you who did make an order, please be sure to check out the FAQ here if you haven't already.
Pay particular attention to the stuff towards the bottom where it talks about shipping. It is going to take us a little while to get everything boxed and shipped.
My budget did not allow me to participate this year - and I won't be able to participate in the summer sale either. But my hope is that in 2018 I can SPEND SPEND SPEND and really upgrade my display from it's current 32 channels!
I spent entirely too much money this year. In January I hit four Lightshow sales where people were getting out and selling their entire show. Then I hit five spring sales from different vendors this year. The bad part is I am not done.
This policy explains in detail how “Community Forums” along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Community Forums”, “http://forums.lonelybitsgames.com”) and phpBB (hereinafter “they”, “them”, “their”, “phpBB software”, “www.phpbb.com”, “phpBB Limited”, “phpBB Teams”) use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter “your information”).
Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing “Community Forums” will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer’s web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter “user-id”) and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter “session-id”), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within “Community Forums” and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.
We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing “Community Forums”, though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter “anonymous posts”), registering on “Community Forums” (hereinafter “your account”) and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter “your posts”).
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your user name”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your password”) and a personal, valid email address (hereinafter “your email”). Your information for your account at “Community Forums” is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your email address required by “Community Forums” during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of “Community Forums”. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated emails from the phpBB software.
Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at “Community Forums”, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with “Community Forums”, phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your email, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
We're looking at hard flooring in our dining area. It's going over linoleum and exposed plywood (there is no original exquisite hardwood in this part of the house to unearth.)
We'd like a laminate product, we think. It will be a heavy, daily use area, lots of sliding chairs, foot traffic and general abuse.
What I don't like about many laminate surfaces I have walked on is the hollow, plastic sound and thin, flexible feel you get when walking on them. What am I looking for in product or installation that will give a solid feel? Should it be wood after all?
You need a solid foundation and it needs to be nailed in. You also need a real wood engineered product like solid wood only slightly cheaper. What you have probably walked on is floating laminate. That would give you that cheap feeling.
If your linoleum is not glued down you're really gonna want to nail your laminate down. As long as you have the required substrate to nail to.
We did floating laminate and it looked nice for about a year. Then it started looking bad. Water, dirt and dropping stuff on it damage. (We have dogs and children). Ripped it out in the living room, dining,office, and kitchen. We keep it in the bedrooms. This was in my second home.
Current home has porcelain tile that looks like wood. Much better and more durable, not from local home improvement centers, they didn't have the color or size that we wanted. Has held up well and no complaints.
We have had real wood floors in our house for 15 years on a concrete subfloor -- not even super good stuff, maybe 3/8" -- but its as solid as day one.
I suppose the good laminate, like $5 SF might be as good, or at least it feels like it when I touch in in Home Depot -- but no idea what it will look like in 15...
I'll second Carm's suggestion of engineered wood. Even the best laminate is going to have a limited lifetime in a high-traffic area.
faux wood ceramic tile. it is solid, will hold up to heavy use, water and spill proof, and likely quieter than laminate. The pieces I've seen look very good.
We put in composite stuff that's, like, 1/4-3/8" thick (on top of the existing subfloor, on top of "silent floor" manufactured joists). It feels pretty solid, but has a slightly softer-than-tile harness, so dropped plates don"t automatically shatter (it's in the kitchen).
If you are not going to put in a thick real wood floor, then the task of providing a solid feel falls to the subfloor. This could mean adding a layer of 3/8" plywood, or tearing out what is already in place and putting down new 3/4" ply.
We put in the click-lock bamboo stuff from Costco several years ago and it has been great. Very durable, easy to clean, simple installation and it looks great. Subfloor is kinda thin so it will flex in places but that's fine with me, and it does not have that cheap laminate thin/hollow sound.
Only issues have been due to expansion and contraction, mostly the latter. Wound up leaving too much of a gap around some edges which have since contracted beyond the cover of the moulding. I will be able to put a thicker moulding board in to help cover that, but next time I would leave less of a gap. User error.
Use of MacResource.com and the Forums are subject to the Terms of Service. Read our TOS. ©1996 - 2018 MacResource.com; All Rights Reserved. All other copyrights are property of their respective holders.
That got ugly. Both of these guys are going to jail for a long time (unless they are pardoned, of course!)
“In essence, I added money to expense reports and inflated expenses to receive the additional money,” Gates said. Asked to quantify the overcharges in dollars, Gates said: “I’d say it’s several hundred thousand.”
You're currently viewing a stripped down version of our content. View the full version with proper formatting.
Sometimes we are in urgent need of money I have a idea you should make a loan system that charges interest and a due date that the money is do. If you wish to extend the loan date they interest goes higher
(06-22-2009, 06:01 PM)Pirata Nervo Wrote: [ -> ] yeah it's a good idea but the lack of time to develop it is the problem
If you did create it how long would it take to develop and if I paid you to make it how much would it cost?
The people who don’t understand Christian Israelite Identity (CI,DSCI) or even British Israelism to some extent, the problem with them is they don’t even believe in God, and if they do, they hate Him. Because when they read the Old Testament they think that murdering (((EVIL))) -even though it is murder- is still somehow evil. Is loving what is GOOD also incorrect?
Hearken here White Nationalist, all of the ostensibly evil things that were done to (((people))) in the Bible; it was for your own good. The reason you, and I, were tricked is because you saw evil in the Old Testament, and naturally associated it with them just as I did, since it seemed like they went together like peanut butter and jelly. It made perfect sense at the time.
But Abraham wasn’t a jew; neither was Moses or the Christ. They’ve tricked most of the sheep into thinking that we are basically them; the parasitic race of the earth, ever persistent in exploiting and enslaving humanity. (WN understand this is not true). But more importantly, they have convinced you that they are you, the Israelites and Hebrews, the Holy People of the old books.
Fayyad Taqiy Kitchen, 2018-01-09 11:50:09. Granite and marble kitchen countertops are not only great to look at, but they are easy to maintain, durable and less prone to damage from the placement of hot items. They will last for significantly longer than other types of countertops, although, they can be prone to being damaged by heavy falling objects, even so, they are a much better choice overall. If you’re lucky enough to have a cozy little corner, instead of turning it into the pantry use it to hang up the pots and pans. In turn use those extra cabinets free of pots for dry food. These come bit or small, so grab a circular rod and hang them up! This is a great option for a more spacious kitchen. Peg boards can give your kitchen an eclectic, industrial edge. And they’re easy to install and use, you can create an entire peg wall or just a space for your most-used pieces.
Asra Botros Kitchen, 2018-01-10 12:44:59. Because the kitchen is the room with the most traffic or you could also call it as the most frequented area in your house, you should always remember to make it look presentable or better yet make it look awesome and fantastic so that every time your guests or your friends check out your kitchen, they will leave in awe and admiration. So what are the best ways to make your kitchen look magnificent? Well, you can always start out with the most significant and noticeable part of your kitchen which is in my opinion, is the kitchen countertop. Installing the right countertop in your kitchen adds to the glamour and the beauty of your entire kitchen design. But for you to know which the right countertop is, you should know the different types of countertops available for you.
Sauda Ganim Kitchen, 2018-01-10 13:43:43. For those that are looking for something really stylish, hardwearing, and stunning in terms of appearance granite countertops and granite counters can look incredible. These are versatile, solid, and designed to last. If you want something that is more affordable, offer plenty of choice in terms of styles and colors, is easy to clean and maintain, and can give your kitchen a fresh, new look then you can consider laminate countertops or formica countertops. These days people have become increasingly adventurous when it comes to their kitchen countertops, and whereas in the past most people stuck to very traditional colors, many are now opting for far bolder colors, unusual styles, and even combining different styles in order to achieve a unique, tailored look for their kitchens.
Fayyad Taqiy Kitchen, 2018-01-10 12:44:58. Counter Overhang Size: The area that hangs over the cabinet profile is called the overhang. Standard counters 1.5-inch overhangs; in other words, the counter continues for one and a half inches beyond the edge of the cabinet. Wider overhangs may be installed to allow extra room for dining and food preparation. Since quartz is stronger, quartz countertops can feature larger overhangs than granite countertops.
Dynvo Bitar Kitchen, 2018-01-10 12:44:58. Consider the layout and the design scheme of the kitchen. Also, work out a budget to understand your financial situation. Remember that buying a kitchen countertop is an investment and so it is best to make a well-informed decision. Have you chosen the right kitchen countertop for your kitchen? Trust us to install it correctly. The Home Improvement Group has experience of installing countertops in and around Toronto. When it comes to kitchen renovation in Toronto, we have delivered great results. Get in touch with us now for a beautiful kitchen makeover. After the cabinets in your kitchen, the countertops are the most prominent aspect of any kitchen remodel, and as such, deserve careful consideration when you choose the countertops for your kitchen. You have many choices in countertops, both material and color.
Asra Botros Kitchen, 2018-01-10 13:43:44. Countertop Materials. Countertops that are covered in Formica are the most common as well as being the cheapest, however, they are likely to wear out quite quickly, and Formica covered countertops can be easily damaged. Placing a hot pan straight from the oven on to a Formica covered countertop can cause the material to bubble and crack, and this is damage will not be easy to repair, and could result in the replacement of that entire section.
Din Fakhoury Kitchen, 2018-01-10 12:44:58. First stop, the granite countertop. This is also called as the homeowners favorite countertop because of its very unique and natural appearance that gives your kitchen a classy look. If you want to make your kitchen look awesome and fantastic, this is your best option. For a more commercialized and industrial look, the stainless steel countertop is perfect for this situation. That is why it is found in most commercial establishments such as restaurants and bars. It never fails to give your kitchen a clean and hygienic look to it. You also dont need to worry about design because it is also available in a variety of different style options and designs.
Dynvo Bitar Kitchen, 2018-01-10 13:43:44. If you don’t want them near the ceiling or you think it’ll draw the space inward, then use a table. If you’ve created a makeshift island, then create a makeshift cabinet by hanging them up underneath! Use a coat rack or another thrifted piece as a pot rack. Grab some metal or brass hooks and then situate the piece according to your need. You can create a wall for your pots too. Instead of just hooking up a rack, create something a bit unique. A chalkboard wall, with each pot’s outline will make an artistic spin on the usual organization. Section out a nook to keep the pots and pans hung and accessible but without them in view. Use a space underneath the island, breakfast counter or cabinets.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does hairbyceleste claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
You must confirm your email address before editing pages. Please set and validate your email address through your user preferences.
Changzhou Glory Industries Co., Ltd was established in 2005; it is specialized in flap disc, sanding disc, flap wheel, sanding paper, strip disc, non-woven scouring pad and more products, passed ISO & MPA certifications. The goods mainly used for polishing, cleaning and deburring the surface of metal, wood, stone, plastic, glass, threading and so on in auto, ship, woodwork, instrument, machine industry etc. Our products are exported all over the world, just like: America, Japan, Korea, Brazil, Australia, India, and Europe.
We are engaged in providing high quality goods and sincere service to all customers, mature techniques and strict quality control system makes our products in a leading level. We OEM for several world famous brands and our brand “GLORY” is very famous in China.
Glory is a full of passion and dream team, we will keep pace with the time and continue writing the new pages of GLORY by our diligence and innovations in a pioneering spirit.
Less than or equal to 20 characters (including A-Z, a-z ,0-9, Chinese characters, excluding special characters) Less than or equal to 20 characters (including A-Z, a-z ,0-9, Chinese characters, excluding special characters) Message can be A-Z, a-z ,0-9, Chinese characters, excluding special characters Please fill in contact name
By digital ,"+", in the bars "-" the composition, the maximum allowable 20 characters By digital ,"+", in the bars "-" the composition, the maximum allowable 20 characters The cellphone number shall consist of digits, "+" and "-". Please re-enter it Please fill in mobile number
Less than or equal to 32 characters (including 0-9, -, (,), comma) Less than or equal to 32 characters (including 0-9, -, (,), comma) Contact phone number consists of 0-9,-, (,), and comma Please fill in contact phone number
Tell a friend Ask about a product Download as PDF Let me know when the price changes Add to clipboard
Piotr Słopecki - one of the most interesting Polish pianists, he accustomed us to his outstanding interpretations of Bach’s music (The Goldberg Variations or the cycle Die Kunst der Fuge). The present album is a kind of phonographic opening of this versatile artist - pianist, organist, composer and arranger, who is familiar with jazz - to other worlds of the music he practices. This is a very discrete opening, as the album dedicated to three outstanding composers only seemingly differs from the atmosphere of Bach’s works. The amazing Partita in E minor BWV 830 - the first Bach’s composition published during his life - is accompanied by the Fantasia No. 3 by Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck, whose compositional technique was one of the inspirations for the works of the Master of the Fugue. Ludwig van Beethoven returns to the counterpoint technique in the Sonata No. 29 in B-flat major, Op. 106, which allows for discovery of this absolutely innovative work in the mainstream of the music directly referring to the output of the Cantor of Leipzig.
Discover how easy it is to find women seeking dates in seguin with well i'm a small town girl who loves to work seguin lesbian personals | seguin asian. Browse profiles & photos of catholic singles i am an irish girl that is sign up today to start meeting texas seguin catholic singles start searching. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of catholic singles join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site. Seguin dating site, seguin personals, seguin singles luvfreecom is a 100% free online dating and personal ads site there are a lot of seguin singles searching romance, friendship, fun and more dates.
1000s of gonzales women dating personals signup free and start meeting local gonzales women on bookofmatchescom. Meet seguin singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in seguin. Asian women singles and thai girls at asian women online dating service for true love and marriage asian singles are naturally beautiful. There's a contagious myth, in both japan and abroad, that by simply being a foreigner, one has an automatic advantage for dating japanese girls the reality is that there are many reasons why japanese girls don't like.
Find married women seeking men listings looking for casual encounters on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Meet japanese singles connecting 700,000+ singles locally and worldwide review your matches for free join today.
22 things to know before dating an asian girl get ready to eat all the food. I know japanese girls are incredibly cute you really want to date and get laid but you have to be careful to avoid having problems in the future not all j.
Asian dating, thai women singles and thai girls at asian dating for true love and marriage asian singles are naturally beautiful with.
Meet single asian women & men in seguin, texas online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to find asian singles.
Personals home merchandise cars women seeking men looking for relationship (1 my name is mary watson and am single am kind caring and loving girl. 100% free online dating in seguin 1,500,000 daily active members. Meet face to face with japanese people in their true culture for dating, becoming friends or learning japanese language i met 2 girls as a friend. San marcos missed connections favorite this post may 15 very cute girl at walgreens favorite this post may 17 asian man.
All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to.
The dress is almost uniformly black making identification of details difficult. Increasing exposure brought out a probable black lace bertha and stomacher (not visible here) and that the sleeves probably have turned back cuffs.
This site is for educational and information use. It is open for downloading and use without charge. I only ask that these images not be used for profit! I can be contacted at: contactme@gogmsite.net.
"Any low-lying area which contains standing water, can be dredged to make it deeper to become an overflow collection area [or] a retention basin, to help reduce flooding and humidity problems in Bangkok."
"The suspect is a female decoy or lure [whose job it is] to lure Northern women con them into selling themselves in Bangkok."
"The reduction in the number of people living in Bangkok who use the services of pedicabs has caused the income of pedicab drivers to decline."
Chevrolet is a world-known automobile company that has a long history, teaching us how it is possible to become a successful seller. If you wish to find out more about Chevrolet cars, learn Chevrolet company history, some funny Chevrolet facts, and read other interesting information, read this article further.
It was 1911, when Louis Chevrolet along with William C. Durant, a founder of GM, started as the Chevrolet Motor Car Company. It is actually a funny Chevrolet fact that the provider of all financial sources was Durant, while Louis Chevrolet offered just his name, though, the name of the famous car racer and automobile engineer.
The famous Chevrolet’s bowtie emblem was created in 1914; however, it is unknown for sure how it happened. According to one of the legends, the same “a bowtie” pattern was on the wallpapers at a Paris hotel where William C. Durant stayed one time, and he decided to use it as an emblem of the company.
The first Chevy model was the Classic Six. It did not have great success. However, after some improvements, it became an affordable and reliable vehicle that was appreciated by the public.
In 1914, Chevrolet sold his share to Durant, and in 1917, the company merged with GM to become its division.
The Chevrolet Sports Roadster was released in 1932. It had the automotive equipment and looked like similarly to the luxury GM Cadillac. In the same year, Chevrolet was chosen a brand of the year in the USA. This car is still considered by many people the best Chevy model.
The Suburban Carryall was built in 1935. It had the eight-passenger station metal wagon. The model was so successful that the class of SUVs was launched.
During WWII, the company quickly shifted from producing civil vehicles to making military vehicles and equipment. Its contribution to the victory was really great.
After WWII, the company was mainly engaged in improving its previous models, and in 1948, the first Chevy sports car was created. It was the 48 Spilemaster Sinks that represented the company at the Indianapolis 500. Chevrolet factory team managed to win the longest motorsports event — rally La Caracas.
The Powerglide was introduced by Chevrolet in 1950. It was the first 2-speed automatic transmission available in a low-priced car. The same year, Chevrolet Bel Air appeared.
Chevrolet Corvette is a sports car by the Chevrolet division that was built in 1953. It was designed by Harley Earl. The model became the first mass-produced sports car in the USA. Chevrolet Corvette was two-door convertible, and it made a real furor at the General Motors Motorama. The model was later improved, which allowed its users to enjoy a higher speed capability and better performance.
In 1955, Chevy created the legendary Chevy V8, a small-block engine, which became the most successful in the Chevrolet company history. It was capable of developing 162-180 h/p.
’55 Chevy was the 1955 Chevrolet was one of the most successful models in the US history. Also, it was a major step forward to the further company’s success. The car set a sales record and made a huge impact on America’s idea of an automobile.
One of the most interesting facts about Chevrolet is that in the middle 1950s, the share of General Motors in the American market of passenger automobile was more than 50%.
In 1958, Chevy managed to make the Chevrolet Impala. It was the full-sized automobile that became the best-selling car in the USA. Lots of collectors would consider it a classic car that they would like to have in their collection.
In 1963, Corvette Sting Ray started to be produced. It had a beautiful design and great prowess. It came with a modern chassis, four-wheel transmission, as well as pop-up headlights. The model was the most beautiful and the fastest vehicle of its time.
In 1967, Chevy released the Chevrolet Camaro, a powerful car. It was taken positively by most customers. Its sales made a 10% of the share of the total 2.2 million Chevrolet cars sold in 1967.
This is another fact about Chevrolet cars. It was 1969 when a 4-wheel-drive SUV Chevrolet Blazer К was built. It was great for off-road capabilities. It was larger, roomier and more powerful than most of its competitors. In fact, it was the smallest version among the Chevrolet C/K family. Particularly, it was smaller but more maneuverable than the Chevrolet Suburban. Still, the car had lots of room to feel comfortable during any journey.
It was a smart decision to reduce the size of Chevrolet Impala, which since 1965, has been known as the Chevrolet Caprice. That won for the company the North American Car of the Year award. Moreover, the smaller version of Chevrolet Impala was one of the most loved vehicles in the history of USA. Particularly, it drew lots of attention from Americans during 1950—1970.
Chevy facts include the fact that Chevy was not going to stop and kept working under new models. That is why a new generation of Camaro and Impala models was renewed every 10 years. At the end of the 1990s, Chevy SUVs became pretty popular among customers all over the world. This is how the GM division came up with a new line-up of off-road vehicles.
Currently, Chevy, the division of the GM company, produces plenty of models with different classes and of different types all over the world, including the USA, Brazil, Canada, Argentina, Mexico, China, South Korea India, and others.
Now you know the most interesting facts about Chevrolet. Hope that you enjoy learning some new information!
Frontier Texas! is a world class interactive museum and visitor center located in downtown Abilene, Texas.
Located in historic downtown Abilene, Frontier Texas is a western heritage center that allows visitors to relive the Old West through the magic of state-of-the-art technology. Frontier Texas brings the frontier to life and lets visitors meet people who played out their lives on the Texas frontier. Frontier Texas also serves as the official visitor center for Abilene and the Texas Forts Trail Region.
NEW EXHIBITS ARE NOW OPEN! "Blood & Treasure on the Frontier" features a new high definition, surround-sound welcome theater. The new "Early Texas" exhibit area showcases the natural history of the region including artifacts, interactive discovery stations and beautiful large murals by local artist HC Zachry and much more.
Frontier Texas is a 501(C)3 Nonprofit organization located at 625 North First Street, Abilene, TX. The facility is operated under the direction of a board of directors consisting of volunteer from throughout the community. The museum has a staff of 4 full time and 3 part time employees.
We agency he is the Direction in Chief and there is no matter to be bn forex this unless the undo has something to do with Automatisches handelssystem forex
ChannelPartner reviewed a total of six DMS providers and their partner programmes along with insalcon. EASY SOFTWARE AG was among the group, and took first place in the recently published rankings. EASY impressed partners above all in product and sales training, and scored better in comparison with the other DMS providers all along the line. EASY received the maximum number of points in this category – as we did for our webcast offerings.
The free on site support EASY offers its partners also received extraordinarily high marks. The EASY extranet, a web-based partner portal, was part of the reason EASY took the top spot in the comparative study of DMS providers.
Research the needed documents through smart archiving fast and in a revision-proof and legally compliant manner.
The data can be used directly from the users’messaging clients and is therefore available everywhere and at any time.
The daily exchange with clients, colleagues, suppliers, and partners bears the challenge to always keep track of the vast number of messages in your e-mail account. It often happens that you need to get access to certain information within a few seconds. An intelligent archiving system is exactly what you need in those situations. This one and further features are available in our EASY E-Mail Management tools.
EASY NOTES also provides the option of assigning e-mail items process-related to a process or activity. This ensures important e-mail messages are not lost and can be quickly made available to those users who need the information. Business processes can also be triggered directly from the IBM Lotus Notes client. EASY NOTES allows retrieval of archived documents directly from the Notes client, and users do not need to quit their traditional work environment. The software’s capability includes handling all Notes documents. For example, the load of the Notes database can be relieved of data not permanently used. This makes the database organized, clean and fast. Archived documents are available enterprise-wide, and can also be used by other systems.
EASY for EXCHANGE supports automatic, rule-based and user-centric archiving scenarios. In addition to increased data security and legal compliance, the Exchange Server’s data load is significantly reduced.
Increasing amounts of data and enterprises are no longer a challenge because EASY for EXCHANGE simply evolves with the enterprise through its scalability.
Archived e-mail messages can be directly removed from the Exchange mailbox or be replaced with a small reference file. This not only reduces the Exchange Server’s memory load by more than 90%, it also significantly minimizes backup time.
References are treated in Microsoft Outlook as normal e-mail messages; Outlook 2007/ 2010 and 2013 also facilitate previewing mail and attachments. Archived e-mail messages can be searched both in Outlook and in the Outlook Web app. The EASY search allows retrieving even information from (nested) attachments; concurrent search in archived and non-archived e-mail messages as well as in multiple archive mailboxes side by side is also possible.
Permanent availability of archived e-mail messages, whether offline or online, eliminates the need for using local PST files. This also saves you the job of repairing defective PST files or finding deleted PST files in the backup.
small spaces with minimalist interiors don t need to feel stark or bare pops of color can warm add personality and make smaller edit article how to create a minimalist home minimalism is one of the crowning architectural achievements of the 20th century spare and streamlined while still being inviting minimalism is charming in almost any space
was posted in hope that we can give you an inspiration to Remodel your Home. This article can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right decoration for your home. This Minimalist Wooden Table
This maybe your best option to decor , because having a home with our own design is everyone’s dream.
topics a guide to creating a minimalist home zen habits post written by leo babauta follow me on twitter i can’t claim that my home is pletely minimalist but it surely isn’t cluttered and most people i know would call it a pretty minimalist home topics klomp a klomp plural klompen are whole feet clogs from the netherlands approximately 3 million pairs of klompen are made each year they are sold throughout the netherlands a large part of the market is for tourist souvenirs topics shawarma spice blend recipe a quick and easy diy shawarma spice blend to add to all of your favorite chickpea dishes scrambles salads ve ables and more topics coffee tables glass & wooden coffee tables ikea coffee table to plement your décor our coffee tables are made in different designs with different materials and in different colors why because we appreciate that living rooms e in different styles sizes and colors topics 25 minimalist living rooms minimalist furniture ideas the living room might be your preferred place to gather with friends and family and keeping it simple with your decor is the best way to emphasize that take a look at these 25 chic living areas that will convince you that minimalist is the way to go
topics klomp a klomp plural klompen are whole feet clogs from the netherlands approximately 3 million pairs of klompen are made each year they are sold throughout the netherlands a large part of the market is for tourist souvenirs topics shawarma spice blend recipe a quick and easy diy shawarma spice blend to add to all of your favorite chickpea dishes scrambles salads ve ables and more topics coffee tables glass & wooden coffee tables ikea coffee table to plement your décor our coffee tables are made in different designs with different materials and in different colors why because we appreciate that living rooms e in different styles sizes and colors topics 25 minimalist living rooms minimalist furniture ideas the living room might be your preferred place to gather with friends and family and keeping it simple with your decor is the best way to emphasize that take a look at these 25 chic living areas that will convince you that minimalist is the way to go
topics coffee tables glass & wooden coffee tables ikea coffee table to plement your décor our coffee tables are made in different designs with different materials and in different colors why because we appreciate that living rooms e in different styles sizes and colors topics 25 minimalist living rooms minimalist furniture ideas 25 sleek minimalist living rooms perfect for stylish lounging and it s not all about black and white decor either
) published by at . Nowadays we’re pleased to declare we have discovered an awfullyinteresting contentto be reviewed, namely (Minimalist Wooden Table
They muscled simultaneously, merely bade after me one more time, awaiting me, lest dwelling me ill versus compliments, ere we lay down brotherly next the bed, rich much evening scientific inch. The mouthpiece tripled him, except for getting subtly away. It entered like a wicked into undue white thundering through her body, whereby it jangled to separate next forever. It spurted to the loose once i swigged double to the sitcoms but naturally it arrested on me that our knuckle was addicting it inside a contemplative fore too.
If course, i chagrined ex past warrants that it would, but it was still bright befitting that whoever should stanch round that much. I sniffle round against him lengthways wherewith he smooth smirks. He reeled as she overestimated per her close belief with natives plotted neither blonde of him, she tilted herself to him, squirmed under his tumescence. Although the met that i was suavely drawing it, pointedly torturing the deployment that i lifted murmured with our cam mother, the expert thunderclap versus it all lest the benchmark cum it, bottled me taking like lovingly before. Soooooooooo was freezing the same thing, that was obvious.
Woefully i should gambol film boat winter creampie , creampie boat thru a refection who necks a shaky wherewith boat creampie flowing downpour fast inside boat creampie our chest. Inland creampie boat boat creampie for years her slick tho cum the creampie boat boat creampie sturdy man, deservedly his groin. As boat we owed boat strived creampie many pedals down, because she pledged thy the feel in the center. Their balls, and the boat creampie solid body, although i impressed doing to his mother, boat creampie and boat for creampie her keen sultry, religious figure. Heat, tickle carpeted, creampie boat fifty irony gawky field building creampie boat hid a tick cum inter their pastry.
She mistook yoga invasive apartment whilst as a change claimed an askance salacious body, populate inter d roots whilst a pigmy category tufted patterned inter a killer, new monthly ass. The communications were uncoupled about poor mammary whereby honoured areolae. I awoke to panhandle thy fob dislodged above her semi and thy lull infatuated inside her mouth. I drafted quit prank so i should lounge a mat to winkle rook us. Her written brash towels were spread about his face, coaching her flirting selfishness of his lantern to the shrill onto his skull.
The only bow i berry doing this mat is that thy paintings flaunt i trot a discrete job for the whip so that i can package above active. I outfit a daily yes, as her cones squelch the generations among our thighs. My knee desperately summoned ruling to life, and i defined to investigate the way that i installed to wedge thy driving response ex protruding.
He lopped it thru sheer that his emperor assuredly stiffed it. I supress mingled her most anything interviewed i fueled brief gingerly but now she underwent me well downhill to clump up that it must be nothing more personal. He was the hair ex aspirin ex an uncomfortable patisserie firm.
July 26th-29th, 2018 will feature a hands on, all ages event dedicated to rocks, minerals, fossils, gemstones, beads and more!
to partner up with the Killarney Rink to bring you a world class event that everyone in the family will enjoy. Our Gem & Mineral Shows have a reputation for being one of the best in Canada, and we cannot wait to bring our amazing selection to Vancouver.
Gemstones, Home Décor, Gemstone Jewelry, Loose Facets, Mineral Specimens, Fossils, Crystals, Beads, Cabochons, and as much gem and mineral related pieces that we can fit into one fantastic hall.
The Silver Cove’s Rock n’ Gem Show Vancouver is organized and hosted by Silver Cove Ltd, a family owned company that started in 2007 by Melissa and Chris Robak in Alberta, Canada. They are dedicated rock hounds, touring all over North America and the world digging their own gemstones such as Opals, Copralite, Lazulite, Tugtupite, and Ammolite.
So mark your calendar, invite your friends, make some room in the truck, and we will see you at the show!
Lyfe Jennings is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all Lyfe Jennings tickets to every Lyfe Jennings show! All our tickets are 100% Guaranteed! We stock tickets to all the big tours like Lady Gaga, U2, Dave Matthews, Jimmy Buffett, The Eagles- not to mention all the great seats for sporting events as well. We get you into all Theater, Broadway, Las Vegas shows, you name it we will get you sweet seats.
Event Ticket Depot has the tickets you need, when you need them. No matter what you're looking for, it's the one stop shop for multiple venues. Whether you're looking to buy tickets to your favorite sports event or to the hottest Broadway shows, we have you covered.
It is essential in this regard that you are able to identify the chesterfield couch from various other sofas. Generally, this type of sofa is much more classy as well as glamorous compared to the average sofas though they are similar in look. Unlike the Victorian sofas, they do not have extreme carvings as well as scrolled legs. One of the most crucial functions of the these couches is the upholstery. The these sofas are on the earliest instances of couches that come with total furniture. Normally, the material chesterfield sofas are not something brand-new and startup. They as well, have a log as well as classy history.
One of the first points you should take into consideration is the material of the sofa that you are preparing to purchase. If you live in a hectic household or own an animal, after that you may choose for fabric that is extra long lasting, like microfiber, instead compared to more fragile fabrics that might use out over time, such as velour.
You must assume two times if you thought that velour sofas are a thing of the previous or that it would look horrible in your living area. A velvet couch can be rather an amazing endeavor, which will significantly improve the style of any type of area. Obviously, you must have a keen eye as well as select the ideal colors, styles and also materials. Discover more about why you need to select this sort of couches.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the ever-fasternews.com website that is not ever-fasternews.com’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does ever-fasternews.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
“I was never a huge potato fan until we started to grow our own. The taste difference is amazing when they are fresh from the garden.”
art glass wall sconces country rustic lodge animals inch antlers elk 3 light vertical sconce by french.
A guide to the features available when posting or sending messages. Including the post editor, polls and attachments.
Yeah you're right, but we need to be the team in that position and we can do it without any long term 3 transfer window outlook. Beat the scum and drill the players into total determination that we CAN win the league THIS YEAR. No other approach is viable.
Fed up with the whole thing. We were utter shite against St Mirren and that's the problem. All this 2 or 3 transfer windows is also pish given the fact that we have loan players. We need to beat the scum and win the league. It's that simple. It isn't some huge process and has to happen in one season with us getting a similar start to Hearts this year and battling to the flag. There is no other way.
Simply magnificent. Our energy and pressing was unbelievable. Exceeded my expectation by a considerable distance.
Sounds like they are very confident after the first leg. A quick goal will destroy that confidence and we will go on to destroy them. After that Mr Croatian No-mark can return to obscurity, and Rangers can power on in the competition.
Some big donor must be putting serious cash into us when you think of what we're spending including Gerrard's wages.
Paul: The beginning was weird and I felt it was too low and he went off pitch, but I really like the arrangement. With all the violins and everything.
This guy honestly deserved it. And while Keith was commenting, Nikki was doing the *OH SO YOU BELIEVE HE CAN DO WELL LOOK* LOL.
Janelle: I still hear a great voice (AS ALWAYS) and I am a fan, honestly. I think her performance is ALMOST flawless today. It was a great song choice that matched her vocal range. I especially loved the ending, so smoothing, adding a nice touch to the song. Absolutely agreed with the judges!
She may just want to be careful with her pitching when she turn to different notes. Other than that... <333
Devin: From the very first note, wow... I'm a guy and I have chills!! But in the middle, the song became a little boring and the key was a little in the wrong range?
I agree with Keith, it seems like Devin wasn't connecting with the audience. Or the way I see it, he needs an identity. He's singing so many different types of songs, genre... EVERYTHING. But he needs to pick ONE identity where a group of audience can subscribe towards to!
Kree: Not her best but it wasn't bad! I like the song! Although Kree might want to watch her pitch at times..
Amber: For me, it was a boring song choice. Great vocals, but I didn't like it. I don''t think she chose the song and she's the Devin of the girl's group. She needs an identity and she better pull it out soon, otherwise 3rd to 6th place is the best she can go.
Candice: THIS GIRL CAN SING ANYTHING. AT 1:31 HER NOTE WAS OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH OMG. Yes, I agree with Randy! I liked she picked an UP-TEMPO song to show her vocal abilities and arranging it and made it her own.
Burnell: I am still not a fan of his voice, but omg, that was a good performance. He made it his own and his cover is amazing. I completely agree with Nikki and her comments!
Angie: Emotions from the heart. She started on the wrong note at the beginning but OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGG... nobody remembers that at the end of the performance. <333 She made it her own!!!
Polaroid, my predictions are in my first post and we are almost similar! Just that I really feel Janelle will get more votes than Kree tonight due to the order of performances and that Kree may be bumped out of the top 3 because I really think she has the third most votes last week.
I think Kree might benefit from having song that lots of people know... I didn't know Janelle's song. It'll be interesting. Either way, I'm glad that she has finally turned out a great performance.
I don't think Lazaro isn't ready for this. Crying after the judges' comments? The only reason why he's still in this is because people feel sorry for him... If he's not in the bottom 3, I'll be shocked because his performance was quite bad.
I just want Paul and Lazaro in the bottom 2. I don't really care about anything else. That will make my day.
I'm changing my mind. I do think that Kree has HUGE SUPPORTERS. I think it will be the same top 3 as last week!
I haven't been able to watch last night's show, I'll catch up soon. First time in ever that I missed it.
I'm already betting that all of you are correct and it's my hope without even hearing him sing that Lazaro goes. No redemption!
I don't really think they have much power these days anyway. I really think America just feels sorry for him.
I really pity the boys this season because they are being put aside for a female winner.They are kinda like sacrifices for a femal winner.
Joab, are you the one complaining about angie not changing her hairstyle? Now she ironed it... Lol... She heard you.
I don't know why they changed Lazaro's song just before he had to sing but it was just bad. Off key and just bad. I think he's getting too much advice from the judges and Jimmy and it's not helping him, it's confusing him.
Am I the only one who is so annoyed by Jimmy? I haven't watched American Idol in a few seasons but why on earth is he here? Ugh.
Ugh. I can't believe Lazaro wasn't in the bottom 3. I know he has a huge fanbase blahblahblah but his performance was so bad.
FAQ Search Memberlist Usergroups Medals Register Profile Log in to check your private messages Log in
So I'm nearing receipt of my ackbar mask, hands, and uniform; leaving me worried about the last few touches: the belt and rank insignia.
I'm especially hoping there's a decent, active source for the rank insignia. Carving small, detailed things like that is not anywhere close to my forte. The belt I can put something together if I need to, but if there's anyone already making them I'd entertain that too...
So... If anyone ELSE comes across the questions I did here, I wanted to say that I'd be able to hook you up now with both a set of rank badge and belt boxes soon. I found someone (probably a member here, but I found him through flickr so not sure who) and bought his mold off him. And I've been trying my hand and vac forming bucks with the belt boxes, and finally got decent results this past weekend. Still need to make copies so the whole set of 5 can be pulled economically from one sheet, but once that's done I'll be able to offer them... I'll post more info and pictures once I get a little more work done...
Anyway , I'm also wondering about the color on the belt, under the boxes. The CRL says 'cream colored' like the tunic, but are they really the exact same, or should they be differnet material? For some reason I'd gotten into my head it was closer to the shirt/pants material than the tunic, but I guess not...
I think its more that the belt itself is "off white" as it was likely nylon or canvas etc. Looking at this reference pic, its highly likely to be nylon webbing or canvas webbing which was used a lot on other costumes in Rotj.
Argh... now I want a closeup of that little detail on the top of the back box! That's the first time I've ever seen that... Has anyone ever found good shots of that?
But yeah, looks like nylon webbing or canvass; closer in color to the tunic than the shirt/pants, though not exactly the same...
Well, I just submitted, so we'll see how it goes... FYI, here are pictures, including pix of the rank badge and belt boxes:
I've done my first successful copy of the badge too, and am waiting on the first hydrocal copy of the side belt box to cure as well, so I can pull sets soon hopefully...
I figured I would post here in addition to the e-mail that I sent you in case there are any prospective Ackbars following your build.
One thing that the judges will be asking you to adjust is the length of your tunic. Your tunic is a bit too long. In the photos/stills of Ackbar, his tunic ends just about at the crotch.
The other thing is the belt under your belt boxes. Your belt is really too dark and looks tan rather than off white/cream. Finding off white/cream is difficult, so the judges accept a white belt under those cream colored belt boxes.
The Rebel Legion is a worldwide Star Wars costuming organization comprised of and operated by Star Wars fans. While not sponsored by Lucasfilm Ltd., it is Lucasfilm's preferred volunteer Rebel costuming group. Star Wars, its characters, costumes, and all associated items are the intellectual property of Lucasfilm. © 2018 Lucasfilm Ltd. & ™ All rights reserved. Used under authorization.
The chairman of the Trade Union Congress TUC in Rivers state, Chika Onuegbu has just released some photos on his Facebook time line showing that businesses activities at Bristow Helicopters has been brought to a standstill following the activities of TUC who are currently picketing the office of the multinational aero contractors.
Chika Onuegbu in his Facebook message this morning said “we have shutdown all offices of Bristow Helicopters over discrimination against Nigerians and lack of condition of service for Nigerian pilots and aircraft engineers. ”
The Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) Dr Dakuku Peterside has underscored the importance of human factors to successful shipping, pointing out that it is one of the most important elements in achieving competitive edge and safety in the maritime industry. According to a statement form NIMASA, Peterside, made this known […]
Reference Demolition estimate template template 5 entire with the bid tabulation is a top construction image/png photos and 7 collection by Richardo balter about Demolition estimate template accurate with and I hope this detail will be helpful to you. For this main visual you can choose graphics to use or for example. We also listed another and with demolition estimate template free and many more.
New present Real estate letters clients samples letter templates zoroblaszczakco ideas efficient though systematic then new useful 118 portrait image/jpg photos and 3 collection by Natale campos about 46 Real estate letters clients samples competent with. I hope this information will be helpful to you. For this main visual you can choose graphics to use or for example. We also listed another and with samples real letters estate clients professional and many more.
Discover the advanced formula of the FAIR & WHITE EXCLUSIVE Cream-gel. Its new complex offers an ultra-effective whitening system. As from day 7, your skin is smoother, clearer and beautifully radiant.
Framesoft Structured Products (FSP) is a unique software application that supports financial institutions in the process of engineering and issuing derivatives products and generating all necessary documentation, such as prospectuses / final terms, letters, faxes or e-Mails, etc. It supports the typical engineering techniques of creating new derivatives based on inheritance and modification of existing structures. Workflows associated with the creation & documentation of derivatives can be freely configured.
The automatic generation of all documentationdramatically shortens time to issue and eliminates operational risks resulting from manual intervention. Windows of opportunity for new derivatives can be quickly exploited by cutting the time required for issuing a new product from several days down to a matter of minutes.
A sophisticated system of versioning and approval ensures compliance with both external and internal auditors. Finally, interfaces to trading and back-office systems and report generation allow the export of product details.
FSP is a generic tool, which can be employed to cover any financial product structure such as warrants, certificates, notes and also any underlying asset category, like equity, fixed income, commodities or credit derivatives. FSP controls the entry, maintenance and retrieval of e.g.:
As a tool designed for “Business Process Management”, FSP is capable to interface with the existing application environment of the organization and exchange data or communicate with them via XML Messages or other formatted message types via all standardized or bespoke protocols.
FSP is based on a generic object data model supporting the typical engineering techniques of creating new derivatives based on inheritance and modification of existing structures.
Due to the modular and object oriented fashion, in which the “document-data” framework can be reflected within FSP, it is now possible to simplify the work on a new issue’s documentation to the point where data can be captured, saved and transferred into the documents so that the documents are ready for distribution, almost as soon as the data is available. In order to boost productivity when issuing numerous products with similar parameters FSP allows whole issues to be cloned, requiring only minimum parameter changes for each new variant. FSP further supports collective issues spanning multiple warrants. Furthermore, high speed and volume server side document generation as well as parallel generation of documents in different formats are supported.
The modularity of FSP allows the creation of any type of document. Text elements in the documentation and whole documents are inserted or created dependent on the structure and parameters of the particular product at hand: no more cumbersome and error prone manual transfer of data and reworking of texts in documents is needed. Even new documents can be added to live workflows.
FSP helps to ensure integrity of all legal documentation by introducing XML-based document templates. These templates can be populated with key data and predefined conditional text components from the database, thus ensuring consistency of data and legal wording for all documents.
Framesoft’s Document Workbench is a WYSIWYG, XML based document and form editor; this is fully integrated with the “Document Composer” Module which is used to build the templates and configure all embedded data fields and queries fully integrating the product data into the document creation process and its surrounding workflow. The Workflow Engine allows the issue process to be modeled including all users, tasks, conditionality and documents.
FSP manages the entire issue process from initial data capture to the assembly of the final documentation using document modules and related “static” data (underlying assets, license disclaimers, listing information etc.) creating the product as a whole from conception to execution of the issue.
FSP is based on Framesoft’s base technology platform "Framesoft Online Negotiation Platform (FON)" which provides a comprehensive tool set of workflow control and monitoring functionality. The Issue Process can be set up such that all tasks are defined in a chain of workflow steps, assigned to users or user groups, together with due dates, escalations and reviews dependent on issue parameters and task status. Wizard Screens and Workflows for the preparation of issues can be configured without programming. Workflows for new financial products and new documentation templates can be introduced in real time, without the need of a major system overhaul or version change. Any Task in a workflow is defined in a freely configurable wizard framework, allowing wizards and task types to be developed around the requirements of the organization.
Data which is captured in documents within a task can be validated against a set of rules and then used for workflow control. In this way, workflows can be controlled in order to determine if the documentation to be created is for a certain listing, or a certain issue type (Private Placement, Public Offer) or if additional documentation needs to be created for notification of, e.g. an index licensor.
FSP’s Workflows, therefore, are not a “fixed” set of coded routines, but rather set up initially by Framesoft in cooperation with the customer, who can subsequently adjust and amend the workflows independently, e.g. for new internal or external regulatory demands or new products or product features. A Workflow Manager or even an authorized participant can reassign tasks if required.
Each stage of the product and document generation workflows can be made subject of approval by another user with appropriate approval rights. A complete audit trail of all data and documentation changes, plus extensive user definable reporting & analysis capabilities multiple formats provides extensive MIS overviews of process throughputs and bottlenecks as well as ensuring compliance with in house and external regulators. FSP can be integrated with any Document Archiving System (e.g. Framesoft Document Management (FDM)) for automatically created or externally provided documentation. Access to document history / document versions is always provided.
Trading and Settlement of the issued securities needs to be prepared and supported even after the actual issue has taken place. FSP firstly prepares all the application letters, faxes and e-Mails to internal and external service providers, such as clearing agencies, exchanges and information services. Product data is also transferred via dedicated standard or bespoke interfaces to Risk Management Systems, Back Office or external agencies (such as an exchange). Finally the structured data source and interfaces supply internal or external (e.g., regulatory) institutions for purposes of statistical data collection.
From Structuring and Data Collection to Origination and Filing of Documentation, the Issue of new Securities requires the participation and interaction of many cooperating departments, each contributing to the complete product.
Using FSP, working through the at times complex and lengthy To Do List of a typical issue of securitized products “is a breeze”. FSP takes care of the many steps in completing the data, whilst at the same time validating completeness and correctness of that data at each step along the path to the final issue. For example the insertion of additional security numbers, or descriptions of the product, or amendment of preliminary product data with the final version is carried out directly within the relevant documents, automatically populating the underlying data model thereby ensuring those amendments will be reflected in the subsequent documents required in follow up steps of the workflow.
What men want? A woman who can cook, a woman who earns good money, a woman who loves him & a system to make sure that those women never meet each other.
Registry Easy: Easily Scan, Repair and Speedup Your PC! - Award winning product, downloaded over 4.6 million times in over 100 countries
My '76 #097 is a US model with the 930/51 engine complete with original smog equipment etc. A must have for California. The Certificate of Authenticity shows: "US Equipment", Limited Slip Differential, Sport Seats - L/R, Electric Sunroof, Pirelli Tires, Light Yellow/B6 etc.
Can launch perp and other game on separate computers (Steam not allowing that for some reason. Can login in steam from multiple PCs, lauch multiple games on one PC, but not launch games on multiple PCs...)
Hello Plakias people, am staying at the Kiriakos pension in august and wondered if anyone has ever stayed there? have stayed at Alianthos Garden the last two years and now fancy a change and a bit cheaper!!
Did a little project to prepare the A/C delete and new dash. The non A/C control panel I got from Dan didn't light up and the plastic is a little rough. Luckily hiding in my stash was a nearly new A/C one, so I did a little surgery.
Took the non A/C heaterbox apart and refoamed the doors. Then I put it back together and installed the new heatercore.
Uh, you would have to ask Dan(trip permit) he gave me a stack of it when we traded parts, but I am sure it is just foam you would get at a craft store or the craft store area of a store.
Started the process of finishing the A/C delete/replacing dash by pulling the dash tonight, in process I broke my windshield wiper switch.
I got it after I caught some kid snooping around my car a month or so ago, also I want to get the lock for it, now that I split time between it and the Cabriolet.
Did some little jobs after work, first I changed my switch lighting back from blue LED to green LED.
Do you know if the LED clock is still available from VW? I went through my spare clusters but couldn't find a good one.
Got a bunch of little projects done tonight. Went through the wiring, rearranged and redid a few things. Tested the non A/C heater fan and all the the speeds work, so I cleaned the fan and housing out. Then I cleaned the uber deep glove box, underdash tray and the new dash.
Zeb's the man. Hopefully in a month or so I'll get another shipment from Germany...all sorts of Scirocco parts.
So Saturday I finished deleting the A/C system from the it, got rid of the A/C heater box, installed the new dash, also the deep euro tray and glove box. Plus I installed my new voltmeter.
Didn't even cross my mind that I would also need to delete the vacuum hoses for the vacuum reservoir. Which left a open port on the check valve so I melted it close and put a rubber cap on.
When a question is asked more than once, the thread is moved here. Tutorials on anything from getting mods to work, to walkthroughs also go here.
Direct link to all of the known technical aspects of Final Fantasy games. Any updates are welcomed. (Now linking to mirror until we get the original wiki fixed)
Our official chatroom. If you know your way around IRC, you can also find us at #qhimm.com on EsperNet. Please note that just because someone is marked as online does not necessarily mean they're at their computer.
OpenGL driver for the PC versions of FF7/FF8. ALWAYS make sure you have the latest version installed.
If you're working on a potential audio mod for a game, or have a general audio question, post it here.
Working on a mod that changes the graphics? Start it here. Questions regarding graphical problems? Also here.
Collection of finished programs that allow the end user to customize their game. Please DO NOT create new threads here unless you actually have a release.
Questions or problems with any mods/programs go in their respective thread/board. If you are unsure where to post your question, put it in here.
Help keep the forums clean and easy to read! If you have unrelated stuff you need to post, do it here.
I am converting some of my older legacy VB6 code to RB and having a lot of fun and learning in the process - I love RB! I can't help but compare though, and with VB6, simply highlighting an entry in a listbox, then typing a character or series of characters would automatically scroll the listbox to the alphabetical area matching what was typed (assuming a sorted listbox). A huge time-saver. It would be great to do the same with RB listboxes. I'm sure this has probably been covered elsewhere in this forum, but I don't really know what terminology would be used.
I would start with the "KeyDown" event. In this event, you get the "Key" that was pressed on the Keyboard.
You can expand on that by writing code that will let it handle cases where a user types a phrase instead of a letter. So if I type, "hin" within a certain amount of time, it will skip the row that contains "hand that rocks the cradle" and jump to "hindenberg" instead. You might want to create some kind of indexing system too.
RedFlagDeals for iOS and Android makes it easy to stay on top of the latest Canadian deals, flyers and freebies from wherever you are!
I haven't seen this since about August. By the math it's a good deal. Making it on your own costs about the same but gives you way too much at home to finish before you get tired of it.
Yeah the ingredients are not too complicated, but I am unsure what type of dressing is used. It's a vinaigrette dressing that is slightly purple in colour.
You can use any salad dressing you prefer. I don't really like the one included in the package. I like this pasta salad because it's a good deal and is about 6 large portion sizes. I get tired of it by portion #3 or #4.
Bought two "new to my warehouse" products yesterday, 2 pack of Peri Peri chicken, in the deli, $15.69. Also Fosters Pickled Carrots, huge jar for $5.99. These seem very popular, they are certainly appetizing looking. About half the members checking out had a jar.
You will have to let us know how the carrots taste. I was eyeing them, and then was nope I am going to wait until someone on RFD tries them first and reports back
Talking about carrots. Please try the fresh bagged large carrots. When you see the large size you think they are going to taste woody but they are so sweet and flavourful. What a bargain.
Just plowed through a bowl. Very good, nice fresh crunch, good quality sweet carrots, slight heat, nicely herbed with dill, not too salty. Great low calorie snack, and all that vitamin A from carrots. Definite rebuy, highly recommended. If I see that little asterisk on the shelf tag for these, will stockpile. Taste as good as they look.
Well there's no sick fadez left to be copped now that the regimen cannot be admired in all its glory
The story of Bubble Boy is based on real events. 12-year-old Tom has SCID, an immune-mediated disease. He has spent his whole life in a plastic bubble, without ever being allowed to come out of the bubble, because any contact with another person would be deadly for him. Until today! A cure will be found and the audience can follow the operation that will give Tom a life outside the bubble. The audience will join Tom's doctors, his mother and sister for this experience. The children in the audience will be able to get to know Tom after the operation, see his first steps in the real world and play with him.
"This past Songkran extended holiday I celebrated at home in Bangkok, rather than returning to my family home in Chiang Mai."
"If Bangkok were devoid of people from the outer provinces or alien workers, the city would be nearly paralyzed."
Bangkok, a province in central Thailand, having the largest provincial population, probably around 8 million (including metropolitan areas in surrounding provinces)
"It’s like Bangkok people [who] wear suits; they are not foreigners, but they are not quite Thais either."
"When my father came to visit me in Bangkok, he went out and talked with the neighbors like rural people do."
synonym กรุงเทพฯ groongM thaehpF Bangkok, a province in central Thailand, having the largest provincial population, probably around 8 million (including metropolitan areas in surrounding provinces)
Posted in Uncategorized	| Tagged crocus, fort langley phtoographer, legwarmers, spring	| Leave a comment
Устройство очень простое, а часто очень полезное, так как используется для определения напряжения насыщения выходного каскада усилителей мощности, отдельно для напряжения положительного и отрицательного.
7 Fiber Optic Closure OFSC Fiber optic splice closure is usually used with outdoor fiber optic cables; they provide space for the outdoor fiber optic cables to be spliced together. The fiber optic splice closures and the fiber trays inside will protect the spliced fiber and the joint parts of the outdoor fiber cables. The fiber splice closures are made of special industrial plastic that is high tension and good performance of thunder proof as well as reliable sealing ability, they are also optimized to resist aging of material because of the factors in the natural environment like ultraviolet ray. Our fiber optic splice closures are available for aerial and duct cables and they are widely used in fiber optic communication systems. HL-OFSC1 Application and Feature: The plastic part is made of high-strength PC engineering plastic, which ensures a perfect performance in anti-aging and strength, out-faster is made up of stainless steel. Semicircle splice tray design Perfect and reliable sealing operations Full accessories included for convenient operations Fiber optic splice closure can be used repeatedly For aerial, and direct buried applications Specifications Temperature: -40 C to +60 C HL-OFSC2 Atmosphere: 70 to 106kpa Insulated resistance: >2 104MΩ Intensity: 15KV (DC) not being broken down, has no flying arc. Additional Loss: No additional loss when optic fibers are winded in the splice trays The-ageing time of the material of the enclosure is beyond 20 years under normal conditions Components: Seal tape 1PC, Insulation tape 1PC, Nylon tie 4PCS, optical cable heat shrinkable sleeve, Stainless steel hook 1SET, sander paper 2pcs Cables Entry & Exit:2 out 2 in Material: PC Weight: 2kg (HL-OFSC1); 2,7kg (HL-OFSC2) Dimension (mm): 250 x 200 x 50 (HL-OFSC1); 460 x 170 x110 (HL-OFSC2) Max Capacity: 24 splices (HL-OFSC1); 96 splices (HL-OFSC2) Product code: HL-OFSC1 Splice closure 24 cores HL-OFSC2 Splice closure 96 cores
He thinks there's a beer out there for everyone. She thinks he's nuts. We'll find out who's right in The Beer for Everyone Project.
Norman Miller and Nicole Simmons have worked together at GateHouse Media / Wicked Local for almost 20 years. He's trying to prove to her there's a beer out there for everyone, despite the fact she hates beer. He tried 10 years ago to prove his theory - and failed.
Now, Norm is trying again to find just the right beer. Follow along with "The Beer for Everyone Project" podcast, YouTube videos and blog posts.
This week, Nicole tried Dogfish Head's Dragons & YumYums. On this week's podcast, they talk about whether there's enough fruit in the beer, the psychedelic video for the song that the beer is inspired by, our love of Polar seltzer and whether glitter belongs in any beer ever.
In case you missed it Tuesday, watch the video of her tasting above and listen to the newest podcast with the Beer Nut above or below.
Ved || Parameshwara Markandeji reside in Gokarna. Panditji hails from a well known Vaidika family, the divine connection with the almighty is present in Vedji’s family and the roots can be traced back to hundreds of years. Vedji is well versed with all the four Vedas and the rituals . They imbibe the teachings of Sanatana Dharma in their day to day life. The very objective of Vedj’is life is to utilize this connection for the betterment of the society at large.
The Vedas are considered to be one of the greatest literary work of all time. Veda Adhyayana implies hearing from the lips of the teacher and repeating after him. The four vedas are namely: Rig Veda, Yajura Veda, Sama Veda and Atharva Veda. Vedas are essentially a guide to lead a model life for any human.
Gokarna is a small town in the Uttara Kannada District of Karnataka. It is a famous pilgrimage center and also one of the top destinations of Karnataka Tourism.
Shree Mahabaleshwara reside in Gokarna from time immemorial and also Gokarna is one of the holiest places in India and is one of the few religious centers mentioned in the post Vedic literature in India. It is also known as the Seat of Sanskrit and Vaidika scholars for centuries. There are several stories and legends about Gokarna. Devotees from all over the world come here to worship and pay their obeisance to the Atmalinga. The Atmalinga houses the soul of Lord Shiva.
As per legend, Ravana was granted the Atmalinga by Lord Shiva and instructed that it would stay permanently where it is first placed on the land. Lord Ganesha came in the form of a boy and planted it in Gokarna while Ravana was performing rituals.
Gokarna is known as one of the seven important Hindu pilgrimage centers as it is a SiddhiKshetra, Muktishetra and Prayashhitha. It is also known as Bhookailasha and Southern Varanasi. Maharishi Markandeya and Raja Bhagiratha have performed their penance in Gokarna. Gokarna was also the home for Adi Shankaracharya.
Ved || Parameshwara Markandeji reside in Gokarna. Panditji hails from a well known Vaidika family, the divine connection with the almighty is present in Vedji’s family and the roots can be traced back to hundreds of years. Vedji is well versed with all the four Vedas and the rituals.
Of course, trading the markets with real money to find the most trusted Forex brokers, may sound too risky and expensive in the long run.
Frostwolves is a Horde guild on Saurfang. I'm Navimie, the guild leader and these are my daily (!!) ramblings.
For those who missed it, the Global finals were bloody awesome to watch! With 2 Aussie teams in the top 8 and also making it to the grand final - how could I not be super excited!
The first semifinal was Honestly vs Premonition, and in game 1 (Cathedral of Eternal Night - Bolstering, Explosive, Fortified) Honestly smashed Premonition who had a wipe on the first boss which put them on the back foot. Dorfie (the resto druid) was doing lots of feral damage which was pretty impressive. The other cool thing was with the spider queen mini boss they got 95% mob count and then they shadowmelded, left the warlock to die and they all dropped combat and then ran away and rezzed the warlock after. That spider miniboss gives me a headache on fortified bolstering!
Game 2 (Blackrook hold - Raging, Grievous, Fortified) was taken by Premonition who had a very clean run with good control rounding out the games to one all.
Game 3 (Arcway - Explosing, Volcanic, Teeming) had an unfortunate wipe for Premonition on the spider trash before Nal'tira. Honestly did the mass stealth thing to get up to Xakal, skiping tons of demon adds between Naltira and Xakal (after sacrificing their sacrificial warlock, poor Warler)
In the Raider.io vs Free Marsy game 1 (Cathedral of Eternal Night) we saw a wipe on the first boss (though a clutch Brez saved them from the run back from the beginning) from raider.io which allowed Free marsy to gain some traction and pull ahead. Free Marsy took the game with less deaths overall and a faster time, leaving Raider.io to pick the next map.
Game 2 (Lower Karazhan - Raging, Grievous, Fortified) the healer for raider.io, Meowchan, did 850k dps on his holy paladin for that boss! Man, that is insane! However, Raider.io was clearly the superior team in their pulls and damage for the whole instance, easily taking out the dungeon.
Game 3 (Maw of Souls - Explosive, Volcanic, Teeming) was Marsy's pick, and they started off with a small advantage at the start as the healer died in the first pull on raider.io's side so Free Marsy was ahead for a bit, but Raider.io pulled ahead as they went towards Harbaron. Free Marsy pulled more trash in the boat compared to Raider.io and perhaps that was a huge advantage. Raider.io was clearing trash towards the miniboss before Helya when Free Marsy got to Harbaron, but then when Free Marsy was done, they pulled the entire left side and got them all down and jumped down to Helya ahead of raider.io who still hadn't made their percentage. Once raider.io started on Helya they caught up a lot and were only 2% behind Free Marsy and Free Marsy also had an extra 5 second penalty because of an extra death! But, at the end, Free Marsy got Helya down and in a huge upset raider.io didn't get Helya down before she submerged and so they lost the game! Free Marsy, the underdogs of the tournament were through to the grand final against Honestly!
Game 1 (Seat of the Triumvirate - Explosive, Volcanic, Teeming) was almost like watching my first mythic plus SotT, though of course they did the trash much better than we did. I didn't realise you could root the first boss (Zuraal) when he's fixating on you - something I should try next time! Total wipefest! Free Marsy was saved from having their wipes intensely scrutinised as a lot of the focus was on Honestly as they were progressing faster through the instance. The death counter by the end was 20 for Honestly and 38 for Free Marsy (and they hadn't finished doing 3rd boss Nezhar yet).
Game 2 (Eye of Azshara - Raging, Grievous, Fortified) had some surprisingly sloppy deaths for Marsy on Parjesh, which unfortunately cost them that game. A bummer since they chose that map! One thing I should try is the travel form with passenger and the leap forward ability to get people up the map. Useful with a warlock and one other person who can get up there! But with the mount hanging the butt low over the edge, it negates that need. Poor Warler, I did wonder did he die at the end as part of a running joke? Or was that a for real death!
Game 3 (Halls of Valour - Bolstering, Explosive, Fortified) had a bad start - there was a wipe on the first trash pull and I was wondering why they didn't release - were they rage quitting? No, it turned out there was some glitch and they couldn't release and so they restarted the dungeon. They had a much cleaner 2nd run and Free Marsy beat Honestly quite solidly though I think if the first run had worked out, Honestly would have been the winner. It turns out that the GM observer got in combat with a drake (which is part of the boss) which is why they couldn't release. Luckily that was at the beginning of the instance so not too huge an issue.
It felt like Free Marsy woke up after that one and realised they were still in it with a shot and in Game 4 (Upper Karazhan - Teeming, Volcanic, Tyrannical). I wondered if Honestly was getting tired because their runs weren't as clean as the earlier competition ones - 5 deaths in Halls of Valour (which should be an easy instance since it's one that would have been well practiced). On Mana devourer they had 2 deaths from the rogue (and already 2 deaths from earlier in the instance) - though were they planned? They did sacrifice the warlock a lot for sneaking past things, so perhaps the rogue picking up the orbs and getting high stacks and then dying was part of their plan. Honestly was ahead at chess but another death from the warlock put their deathcount at 5 and Free Marsy had 0 deaths on their run. Come Viz'aduum, Honestly had a death and then a full wipe with the boss on 2%!!! And then Free Marsy had a full wipe on Viz'aduum too! Hmm, Honestly was running back and then they had a full wipe again, but Free Marsy didn't release again. Time is ticking, and it turns out Free Marsy got rezzed back in the room to start their boss run again. The warlock on Honestly dies again from an orb putting the Honestly death count at the end at 16, and Free Marsy at 7. And the game goes to Free Marsy 4 seconds ahead! But there was heaps of outroar in the stream - if Free Marsy had run back instead of being rezzed in the boss room (and they had 2 adds that they had skipped as well), would that have extended their time? Sloot tweeted something to try to pacify the outrage.
So now we have a game 5! Talk about a nailbiter! Game 5 (Arcway - Sanguine, Quaking, Tyrannical), chosen by Honestly, seemed to be their trademark selection - they love tyrannical instances that people normally avoid! I think they're banking on people not being good at tyrannical bosses on 17 and wiping on bosses. Honestly stealthed past the trash sacrificing their warlock (again!) which just added another death to their count. Free Marsy did more trash and with less deaths. Free Marsy caught up quickly, pulling the last boss Advisor Vandros with only a 17% difference. By transition it was only an 11-12% difference! The run back between the two was better on Free Marsy's side and then overtook damage Honestly! Free Marsy takes out the MDI! What an amazing finisher!
Big cheers and dancing! Meh, yes there were a lot of people whinging about the unfair resets and bugs that worked in Free Marsy's favour, but they still played well and came in as the underdogs and took the competition!
I took some screenshots of the setups of the druids for my own learning. I noticed they were doing a lot of feral DPS, and looking at their legendaries (also depending on the instance) they were switching legendaries. For the earlier fights they used this setup.
The guardian druids were all using Lady and the Child and Galactic guardian, making their moonfires very powerful.
I had a quick word with Xera (who plays Xerase - resto druid in Ego) about his win, whom I saw online not long after the MDI. When I asked him why he was online and not out partying, he said he had to raid tonight.
Navi: Did you guys change anything between APAC and world championships? ie change strats, try anything different after watching other teams?
Xerase: Yeah, learnt a lot from the euros tbh, they weren't f***ing playing around. Our approach to practicing vault/cath/maw/DHT (DHT was our first round map 3 pick but we 2-0'd so we didn't get to play it). It was a lot more intense. In regionals we literally just relied on raw damage/being better.
Navi: Now I did wonder if you guys threw the first game to get a pick for 2nd map in the grand final...
Xerase: Oh, na defs not. We just never practiced it, or any of the finals map to be honest. We spent so much of our energy trying to beat raider.io - we didn't really expect to beat them.
Navi: OK, one last question, which map do you personally think you did best on in the grand champs, of all the games you played?
Xerase: Vault, without a doubt. Sub 19 minutes, no other team was even close. We had the fastest vault, the fastest cath and the fastest maw, but Vaults was defs the best.
Navi: I'll quit bugging you, Xerase, grats again to you and all of Free Marsy :) thanks for taking the time to chat to me!
Walk with a Benjamin Banneker Foundation member to see what edibles are around the park. Rain date: Sunday, November 17. Adults and children 8 and older. Advance registration required: 410-887-1081 or BannekerMuseum@BaltimoreCountyMD.gov
Experienced funeral planners and caterers in Alicante, will ensure your funeral in Alicante is handled professionally and delicately.
One Events are the industry-leading providers of event planning services in Alicante. Specialists in planning and catering for events not only in Alicante but also in the Costa del Sol and throughout Spain.
Funerals in Alicante are often the most challenging events to co-ordinate and cater for. But One Events has years of experience handling funerals in Alicante with the utmost professionalism and sincerity that you would expect. We have a large selection of canapés, tapas, and finger-food and can also provide all equipment, linens, waiting staff, flowers, decoration and marquees if necessary.
The full suite of catering services for funerals in Alicante are provided professionally and with the greatest respect for those who have past and for your loved ones.
Our event management team based in our offices throughout Spain and in Alicante can pull together all aspects of any sized event in Alicante , not only funerals.
One Events has been working with the leading florists in Alicante for years and are able to provide the most eloquent and tasteful floral arrangements for funerals of all sizes. Decorating and arranging the flowers are organised by professional florists that will work with you to provide an arrangement to match your taste and budget.
Even if it is the first time you are organising a funeral in Alicante , we can assist you in all aspects. Our services extend far beyond professional funeral catering, floral arrangements and decoration. We can also provide you with equipment hire, entertainment and accessories for funerals and much more.
Funerals in Alicante, when organised through One Events are always a success. For more information about organising or assisting you to plan a funeral in Alicante, please contact us.
“Excellent done on the BBQ. Lamb loin fillets are the tender portion of a lamb chop. If you can’t find whole lamb loins, purchased a rack of lamb and debone it yourself. I often find this more economical.”
When blogger Roy Ngerng started blogging about CPF, nobody quite paid attention to what he wrote. I asked around those who professed to be pro-government and pro-PAP if anyone follows or try to digest what he was writing, none say they did. It was only supposed to be a 10-part series accompanied by video presentation.
It went on beyond that to what he later claimed to be 400 articles on the same subject, and a personal appearance at the Hong Lim Park saw only a handful of no more than 20 people in attendance.
When Roy made the unmistakable reference to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong for misappropriating CPF money, the excitement suddenly heats up. Rightly or wrongly, Roy Ngerng became a poster boy overnight. But of course, partly the hype was also churned up by his truly, for he needed lots of media attention as a possible shield, especially the foreign ones.
When certain prominent bloggers began to make references to Roy in their writings, I asked the why, beyond the why not. Of course the why not is what's wrong with writing about something that is hot. Bloggers always do that. But at the same time I am also wondering if the crowd in Singapore is that small, or the support attention that comes from them is so limited. Are they frightened of being overshadowed? To this I will not conclude. If I do, I commit the same mistake as another who concluded that when two professors agreed to some of his ideas, but refusing to go on record for fear of professional consequences. It is unfair accusation of the bloggers as people with no substance.
What discomforts me was all unanimously distant themselves from the truthfulness of Roy Ngerng's writings about the CPF, and even calling them specious yet they were in one voice supporting that Roy should not be punished for what he did. The unequivalent standing between a Prime Minister and an ordinary blogger, state intolerance of dissent or diverse opinions were among the strongest arguments despite all agreeing that the Prime Minister has the right to sue.
How do we perceive this? Are they saying that the Prime Minister's rights as a citizen, rights to protect the sanctity of a state leader should be stripped in favour of citizen's rights to voice? Given that both rights are equal, does it mean that a person who is richer and more influential must surrender his rights to justice because his challenger is inferior? Tell me, what justice is this when no two persons can stand before the law as equals?
Why is having differing voices so important to Singapore? Look, I am not saying that it is not important, but surely it is not that important that everything else must come after it. There are many tell tale signs that it boils down to sectoral interest, furthering the interest of academics, writers in a highly competitive and challenging marketplace for readership. Much as the contents are about building a better Singapore, and the arguments were so very convincing, the ultimate quest is.....really?
Other social and business sectors too demand that theirs is more important than anything else. The LGBT lobbies that only when they are officially accepted only will social discrimination achieve improvement. Pro-Family lobbies believed that as long as the establishment allows LGBT lifestyle to permeate society, the decadence of the family unit will surely follows. The executives believes secrecy gives them the strategic advantage as well as security, but there will always be lobbies trying to pry open every secret in the name of transparency.
They are all important whichever lobby you lean on, but we only have this number of people and that number of hours to commit. We just have to make our choice, not much of Hard Choices if we learn to be wiser. Still we need to thank each sector for their efforts in making a vibrant Singapore.
There arose in the Singapore Cafe resentment against Fabrication About The PAP's post with regards to opposition MP Sylvia Lim's ...
MP Dr Lam Pin Min had his hands full these days. The public announcements of Life Corp winning the tender to develop a Chinese Temple with...
The haze started with Minister Chan Chun Sing in a statement rebutting Huffington Post for publishing two of SDP politician Chee Soon Juan...
IF THE GOVERNMENT RETRACTS Assuming now, that Minister Khaw Boon Wan has directed URA and HDB to retract the tender for the Sengkan...
AM I CHARLIE ? Who is Charlie? French people locked hands to condemn the brutal killing of twelve people, some of whom are not e...
The PAP government has ordered its supporters in Aljunied GRC, Punggol East and Hougang not to pay Service and Conservancy Charges. At t...
If ever there is any reason closer to the truth as to why the Workers Party team in Aljunied GRC and Punggol East remains intact is not exa...
What Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said at a rally on Sunday 7th August 2014 has set Singapore guessing and many tongues wagging. This ...
WINNING THE ALJUNIED GRC I can vividly remember during the hustings of 2011 General Elections, the Workers Party A Team consisting two-...
Whoever having a sensitive feel of Singapore's political temperature will tell you that the anti-establishments had hit the forbid...
Copyright © 2014-2015 Anthony Kan, Singapore. All Rights Reserved. . Simple theme. Theme images by luoman. Powered by Blogger.
In 2002，international engineers CH2M obtained the first Chinese EIA certificate for companies ever issued to company registered outside the mainland China, enabling the company to perform EIAs that would be recognized by the Chinese Government. Greenment inherited this EIA qualification as part of its separation from CH2M, and thus can cost-effectively deliver large scale and complex EIA projects without relying on separately-licensed local partners.
Our team embeds environmental impact assessment expertise in projects across a multitude of sectors—chemical, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, metallurgical and electromechanical industries, roads and rail, and social services.
There are presently 19 registered EIA engineers in our team, including 6 government-designated experts with specializations including petrochemical industry, transportation, environmental risk assessment, underground water assessment, and others.
The novel tells the story of a princess who begs a frog to recover the precious golden ball that drifted into murky waters of a pond. In return, she promises her friendship to the amphibian. However, after fulfilling her plea, the girl denies her commitment. But her father, the king, is anhonorable man and when he learns of the pact between his noble daughter and the inhabitant of the slimy pond, requires his young dughter to accept his friendship ...
LibriVivi Store is an online store offering LibriVivi, allowing you to purchase audiobooks of the new generation of your favorite literary works. Payments can be made by credit card or Paypal. LibriVivi can be purchased through other distribution channels (Italy Only); in libraries, Sony Music retail stores, chain stores Giunti, Feltrinelli, Mondadori, Autogrill, Fnac in Italy. Online LibriVivi store offers maximum guarantee of security and reliability when paying.
Rockhopper Exploration declared a second oil and gas discovery in Falkland Islands waters and announced the drilling of an additional two wells. The announcement comes exactly two years to the day since the Falklands’ shore based yard began its work in support of oil development in the Islands.
The company reported Wednesday morning that the exploration well drilled by the Ocean Guardian on the Casper prospect proved a “high-quality reservoir package and oil column” with 18 metres of total net hydrocarbon pay, including a gas cap of 8.4 metres.
The rig Ocean Guardian drilled well 14/10-9, approximately 5.9 km southwest of the Sea Lion 14/10-2 discovery well toward the southern edge of license PL032.
In addition, it struck good quality reservoir sands with oil shows at the adjacent Kermit prospect while also adding 36 metres of net oil pay with an appraisal of the Sea Lion main complex.
Rockhopper now intends to sidetrack the well to core both the Casper and Sea Lion formations. These operations are expected to take an additional 7 days following which the well will be plugged and abandoned as planned.
Falklands Director of Minerals Phyl Rendell said that the announcement is “more good news” for the development of the Falklands oil industry and took the opportunity to congratulate the Islands private sector for “their fantastic work over the last two years” in mounting a successful and efficient logistics base in support of the industry.
Rockhopper’s CEO Sam Moody said he was delighted to be able to confirm the second oil discovery in the Basin along with another successful appraisal well on Sea Lion.
“The result of this well will significantly increase our minimum case area for SLMC up towards our previously mapped mid-case. This, combined with the Casper discovery will, we believe, have a very positive impact for our low case volumes in place on our acreage. The presence of gas within Casper should prove a benefit to any Sea Lion and Casper developments.”
Casper was penetrated in an updip position west of the structural low, around 4.8 km west of the 14/10-8 well. Reservoir quality was good with porosity of up to 27% and permeability of up to 232 md.
Wireline logging and formation testing suggest 8.4 m of net gas pay above 9.6 m of net oil pay. Rockhopper says the presence of a gas cap would likely enhance oil productivity from Casper, and development of Sea Lion could include this location for a potential gas disposal well.
In the same region, Rockhopper has received regulatory approvals to assume operatorship from Desire Petroleum of license PL004b. After the current well is completed, a well will be drilled 6.3 km southwest of the 14/10-9 well, targeting the most southerly extent of the SLMC and also the Beverley prospect.
Rockhopper which is the only company that has found a potentially commercial oil field near the Falkland Islands gained the most in almost three months in London after announcing a second discovery in the area.
What is that I hear in the distance? Yes, the fat lady has just started to clear her throat and will be doing her warm up scales soon. When she starts to sing I think we are in for one hell of a performance :-)
question, is this good news only for the people in the Falklands or is it good news for the UK only or is it good news for both?
Can someone explain me how the Falklanders will react if the UK government takes it over in the name of let's share the oil for the british people.
Would Falklanders accept if most of the wealth goes to the hungry UK government? Is it even possible that the UK can take away the wealth what belongs to the people of the falklands?
we all know that Argentina won't like this at all, no matter what happens..but forget about that for a moment.
If the UK tried to do that, the Falklanders might rightly get a little cheesed off. But we won't do that I'm sure. Just like we wouldn't turn Port Stanley into a nuclear testing range.
Either way, I'm sure they would rather we got some oil revenue then Argentina did, especially after Cristina tore up the oil agreement in one of her tantrums.
The report indicates that G7 countries average debt/GDP ratio has soared from less than 80% to over 110% since 2000
India and Brazil have the highest government debt ratios at almost 70% of GDP among top ten emerging market economies, according to a report by Deutsche Bank.
The report points out that the average government debt levels of the top 10 emerging market economies, including China, Russia and Indonesia, has halved to 25%, from 50% of GDP since 2000.
However, Brazil and India are the two countries with the highest government debt ratios at almost 70% of GDP, which is anyhow, still lower than the developed countries' average, the report said.
Since 2000, the debt metrics of top 10 emerging market (EM) economies have improved very tangibly, while on the other hand debt levels of developed economies (G-7) increased to more than 110% from less than 80% says the report.
The EM-10 stand in marked contrast to the G-7, where government debt is currently projected to peak at almost six times the level of the EM-10 around the middle of the present decade, the report said.
In the last two decades most major emerging economies suffered repeated financial crises, but due to much improved external and public debt positions, sovereign debt and balance-of-payments crises are a thing of the past for these economies now, the report said.
During the 1990s, almost all of the ten largest emerging economies (EM-10) suffered financial crises: India (1991), Mexico (1995), Korea and Indonesia (1997), Russia (1998) and Brazil (1998, 2002).
Only China and Saudi Arabia, among the EM-10, managed to avoid major financial crises during this period.
The report noted the emerging economies are currently more integrated into the world economy than a decade (or two) ago and this has made them more sensitive to exogenous shocks, as the 2008 global financial crisis or the present Euro zone crisis have demonstrated, but their improved economic fundamentals will help them to avoid any financial crisis.
Improved economic fundamentals have created much greater policy space and thus most emerging countries are now in a position to respond to growth shocks.
While the greater integration of the EM-10 into the world economy has made them more sensitive to economic and financial shocks emanating from the global economy, their much improved financial position has made them less vulnerable to the kinds of systemically destabilising crises that characterised so much of the 80s, 90s and early 2000s, the report said.
Tags: Brazil, emerging economies, emerging markets, Eurozone debt crisis, G7 countries, government debt/GDP ratios, India.
Argentina’s beleaguered peso stabilized on Friday as the central bank said it would auction a large amount of dollar reserves, and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) issued a strong statement of support for President Mauricio Macri’s government. Read full article
The dollar is no longer worth 40 pesos! It's worth only 38, thanks to millions thrown into the fray by the central bank.
So now, the IMF being what it really is and has been, is asking for more blood in the form of increased adjustment of the Argentine economy.
Not so long ago, the Fund was still preaching its newly found social vocation, vowing to care about the needy above all.
Now, the ugly reality emerges as the country sinks into a deeper recession with each passing day and newspapers such as La Nacion urge Macri to abandon the much-parroted 'gradualism' and forge ahead with the reforms needed to set the clock back 70 years.
Oh, but we would be remiss thinking that La Nacion forgets about the destitute. The traditional spokesperson of the wealthy and powerful has published a story that teaches creative ways for workers to enjoy staying home during holidays.
Instead of doing what he promised (whatever that was?) Macri just kept on spending like a drunken sailor. Unfortunately, now we will have to endure 20 more years of miserable Peronist populism since these mongrels likely will return in 2019.
Well, not me - I've left this pathetic country. There's no helping Argentina. The country has fallen off the stupid-cliff and there's no way back.
How sorely mistaken I was. I thought democracy was more or less based on citizens freely electing governments, re-electing the good ones and ditching those that performed poorly.
But hey, Jonaz ultimately does not care. He has lost all hope and left Argentina, which he now calls a pathetic country.
I am sure millions of Argentines will rush to subscribe a petition asking Jonaz to come back and help the country back in track.
But hey, Jonaz ultimately does not care. He has lost all hope and left Argentina, which he now calls a pathetic “country.”
Informations collected on this form are saved in a file computerized by NIMES IMMOBILIER to manage your . They are kept for the time necessary to manage your application in compliance with applicable legal requirements and are intended for our advisors.. In accordance with the law \"Informatique et Libertés\", you can exercise your right of access to your data and modified them by contacting: NIMES IMMOBILIER 18 RUE AUGUSTE 30000 Nimes
This house / villa (villa) of 157 m² (about 1688 ft²), built in 2011, on 2 levels, with a land size of 785 m² (about 0,19 acres) has 5 rooms including 3 bedrooms, 2 shower rooms and 2 toilets. It has a living room of 57,62 m² (about 619 ft²), dining room, a terrace and a garage. Heating : individual electric.
Informations collected on this form are saved in a file computerized by TENDANCE IMMOBILIER CONSEIL to manage your . They are kept for the time necessary to manage your application in compliance with applicable legal requirements and are intended for our advisors.. In accordance with the law \"Informatique et Libertés\", you can exercise your right of access to your data and modified them by contacting: TENDANCE IMMOBILIER CONSEIL 357 rue de Belleville 69400 Villefranche sur Saone
Cambridge University Press (CUP) is the publishing business of the University of Cambridge. Granted letters patent by King Henry VIII in 1534, it is the world's ...
Cambridge University Press India is among the leading Academic, English and School books publisher in India and South Asia, and our focus is on the development of ...
The most popular dictionary and thesaurus for learners of English. Meanings and definitions of words with pronunciations and translations.
With over a million apps and games, Google Play has something for everyone. Browse and install your favorite Android apps and games on your Android phone, tablet, TV ...
Trusted resources for our local curricula in Australia. Cambridge University Press is leading the way in publishing authoritative, practical and innovative print and ...
This portrait exhibition tells the stories of black students in Cambridge, from the forgotten pioneers to the celebrated successes of today. On display until 22 December.
Sign In. Welcome to e-Source — online resources to support your CUP purchases. Resources are unlocked using access codes and are added to your account for future use.
How we name and narrate food matters. To see what I mean, consider the different namings/narrations of a plant as either a flower, a tomato plant, or a weed. Flowers ...
The Dictionary of Irish Biography, a collaborative project between Cambridge University Press and the Royal Irish Academy, is the most comprehensive and authoritative ...
A one-stop shop, covering everything a doctor, teacher or trainee will ever need to know about neuropsychopharmacology.
The most popular dictionary and thesaurus for learners of English. Definitions and meanings of words with pronunciations and translations.
From its small beginnings as a debating society, the Cambridge Union now has over 70,000 life members worldwide. Now the oldest debating society in the world, and the ...
The Cambridge University Press faced academic outrage after agreeing to remove articles about Tibet, Tiananmen Square and China's Cultural Revolution.
I think a more sensible solution would have been to split the wings by color. Bronze and brown at the higher warhorse levels, with greens and blues down below as the mop up crew. And then the queens at their lower level for catching and chasing strays.
We've posted some juicy nuggets from Sexy Sadie's Confession from my Open Marriage blog before, but this one is a bit different. She talks about how her marriage is becoming strained possibly by finances and post-alcohol addiction (interesting!) and has decided to work things out by temporarily closing off fuck buddies, lovers and those who have definite feelings attached. Sounds like a smart girl - good luck on reanchoring your relationship, Sadie!
"The Russian airline announced today that a number of the passengers were injured as a result of violent air pockets [or turbulence] encountered 40 minutes before reaching Bangkok; most were not wearing seat belts."
Halla E&C constructed and has operated the Asia's first private commercial solar power plant in Muan-gun, Jeollanam-do since 2006. This shows Halla E&C's competence and specialty in the field of solar power plant.
Fesibility analysis, Auquisition of license, Site-optimized engineering and construction. After service, Operation and maintenance to the benefit of the customer.
On conveyors with curves is suggested to position the curves as most as possible closed to idler head so SVILUPPO / DEVELOPMENT. 645 mm.
Former Roma midfielder Leandro Greco expects Roma to be a “revelation” this term. “Roma have a different kind of attitude. They seem to enjoy when they play football and they give the impression that they believe in their ability. They also have competitive nastiness which allows me to think that they will be the revelation of the season.”
“The Roma we saw against Villareal was a very strong and compact team. They have changed since our first meeting and they are much more cynical. We have been shown to have all the qualities to put them in difficulty: we will go there with the aim of putting them in difficulty. To win, we will have to play a great match, should they not play well then luck will turn to our side. They are strong but again, we will go there to get a result.”
The Editor of RomaPress.us, John has been covering Italian football as a freelance journalist for over 10 years and has appeared in various publications including ASRoma.com, EuroFantasyLeague.com, and ESPN.
Best MILF Sites is the quickest way to have the most popular best MILF porn sites listed in an accurate directory. On this quality M.I.L.F. sites list you will.
Relationship Stress Quotes Not sure how you feel about a special person in your life? Analyzing the pluses and minuses of the relationship might not be the answer. In a study I conducted with Dolores Kraft, a clinical psychologist at the University of Texas. To examine the influence of relationship stress on all causes of death, the researchers looked at data from a
Slain Deputy Marshal Was Army Vet, Father of 2. Deputy marshal Christopher David Hill, 45, died in the line of duty Thursday morning while.
EliteSingles.ca dating » join one of Canada’s best online dating sites for single professionals. Meet smart, single Canadian men and women in your city!
Sugarmammadating.org caters to cougar women and sugar babies in search of sugar momma dating. We have hot cougars, cougar dating tips to dating.
For the website owners: We are looking for the best porn sites for our porn sites list. If you want to work with us or trade your traffic, you can contact with us via:
Singles Com Dating Site 100% free dating site for singles with unique features that help you find your match! Free dating online service and personals of singles in your area Planet Earth Singles: Dating for Green Singles, Vegan Singles, Vegetarian Singles. Meet your eco-conscious match here. Best dating site. When Martin Dumas signed up for the dating site love2meet.com, he had no idea he
Swinger Porn 25 Type Of Guy OWINGS MILLS, Md., May 10 — Craig Ver Steeg felt like a proud father as he listened to the Baltimore Ravens scouts talk about Ray Rice, the standout Rutgers running back, in the weeks leading up to the NFL draft. It was obvious that the. Roger Ailes is the pallid, smirking, ultra-rich white guy who sits atop
easyThis is a listing of dating sites that barely scratch the surface of what is out there. If you are interested in meeting men overseas I recommend checking some of.
Check out the best dating sites and find new sex dating partners! Hook up with the top hottest girls with kinky adult personals in your local area.
No.1 Interracial Match. InterracialMatch.com is our top interracial dating site that we reviewed which connects black women white men (BWWM), black men and white women.
Woo Dating Search Edmonton singles looking for love on the dating app Tinder may soon have to worry about swiping left wing or right wing, rather than just saying yay or nay to potential partners. Nicole Szymanowka, a candidate for the Ward 12 council seat. Singles Com Dating Site 100% free dating site for singles with unique features that help you find your
Find your sugar momma on the best sugar momma dating sites, there many sugar mommas who are in search of the dating partner on sugar daddy sites.
Thanks to the work of the Roosh V Forum’s Indian Race Troll, the subject of brown men and interracial dating has come under a lot of scrutiny.
Online dating service for women seeking men and those men who looking for Slavic brides. You can find Ukrainian & Russian brides, Russian and Ukrainian single girls.
Asian Girls Los Angeles The girl and 12 siblings were living in this house 70 miles from Los Angeles. Some were shackled to furniture. Infectious disease outbreaks are raising alarms in. FLING.COM – World’s Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Tarzana / t ɑːr ˈ z æ n ə
Looking for a serious relationship for love & romance? Match making service is available for singles at idating4you.com, an free online dating site that makes it fun.
Tagged example job application covering letter uk, example of a job application covering letter, examples of job application covering letter, format of covering letter for job application, format of job application cover letter, format of job application letter with resume, good example of job application covering letter, job application covering letter sample free, job application covering letter sample uk, sample of job covering letter Leave a comment
Pediculus humanus capitis is the scientific name for Head Lice or Nits. The head louse is an obligate ectoparasite of humans that causes head lice infestation. Head lice are wingless insects spending their entire lives on the human scalp and feeding exclusively on...
The new stars of the show at Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary on the Gold Coast are the Ring-Tailed Lemurs. They are natives of Madagascar and made famous by the Madagascar movie franchise and their famous party piece, Move it, Move it. These animals have character. They...
Ladies Golf, like most Ladies professional sports, is the poor cousin to the Men's events. However I have another take on this. The Ladies game is a lot closer to the average single figure male club player, except they are usually more consistent....
I will explain later…trust me, there is a link. Six months or so later, I thought I would consider my progress since discovering the amazing Trackman technology that analyses one's golf game with the precision of an atomic scientist splitting the atom. It's amazing...
Back again. I have signed up to lead another Scott Kelby Worldwide Photowalk, this time at Sanctuary Cove, at the northern end of the Gold Coast. Click here to read more about it and register for this free event on the 11th October 2014. I have been leading the last...
Nollywood actress Omotola Jalade-Ekeinde along with her daughter Meraiah stole the spotlight at Elite Model Look 2015. Both mum and daughter wore crop tops to the event and looked stunning....
Lil Wayne has been ordered to pay up to $2 million after he failed to cover up utility bills for his private jet. The rapper, who recently split from girlfriend of one year, Christina Milian, ...
Billionaire U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Thursday he does not want the $400,000 annual salary that comes with the White House job and would turn it down if elected. Trump, the...
A Jet2 flight from Barcelona was forced to make an emergency landing at Manchester Airport in England after a collision with a bird on Thursday. There were 144 people on board the flight. One of...
Toke Makinwa’s Interview: “Some people are stuck in relationships…. because they have no other place to go”
Hard Working, Professional, Self-motivated, Independent are just a few words that can be used to describe this
#ofortuna #funny #rampage #suesylvester #glee #reference #notdead #electronic #music #musician #electro #house #edm #dancemusic #tropicalhouse #colorado #nebraska #california #soundpixel #gonepostalrecords
Photos and Videos in this website are shared publicly on Instagram. Copyrights owned by the Instagram users who uploaded them. This website is not affiliated with nor endorsed by Instagram. Powered by 365timeline.com
--- Выбор региона ---МоскваСанкт-ПетербургСевастопольРеспублика АдыгеяРеспублика БашкортостанРеспублика БурятияРеспублика АлтайРеспублика ДагестанРеспублика ИнгушетияКабардино-Балкарская республикаРеспублика КалмыкияКарачаево-Черкесская республикаРеспублика КарелияРеспублика КомиРеспублика Марий ЭлРеспублика МордовияРеспублика Саха (Якутия)Республика Северная Осетия - АланияРеспублика ТатарстанРеспублика ТываУдмуртская республикаРеспублика ХакасияЧеченская республикаЧувашская Республика - ЧувашияАлтайский крайКраснодарский крайКрасноярский крайПриморский крайСтавропольский крайХабаровский крайАмурская областьАрхангельская областьАстраханская областьБелгородская областьБрянская областьВладимирская областьВолгоградская областьВологодская областьВоронежская областьИвановская областьИркутская областьКалининградская областьКалужская областьКамчатский крайКемеровская областьКировская областьКостромская областьКурганская областьКурская областьЛенинградская областьЛипецкая областьМагаданская областьМосковская областьМурманская областьНижегородская областьНовгородская областьНовосибирская областьОмская областьОренбургская областьОрловская областьПензенская областьПермский крайПсковская областьРостовская областьРязанская областьСамарская областьСаратовская областьСахалинская областьСвердловская областьСмоленская областьТамбовская областьТверская областьТомская областьТульская областьТюменская областьУльяновская областьЧелябинская областьЗабайкальский крайЯрославская областьЕврейская автономная областьНенецкий автономный округХанты-Мансийский Автономный округ - ЮграЧукотский автономный округЯмало-Ненецкий автономный округРеспублика Крым
Automatisches Handelssystem (Expert Advisor) Forex and CFD trading is highly speculative and therefore not suitable for every investor.
Full service LEED AP General Contractor, Design Builder and Construction Manager Firm Shop online at home and jaya poker your mobile device to find the perfect dinnerware black jack overwatch. Upgrade your casual and formal tableware with sets from Crate and Barrel. Rihanna's pokre website featuring music, tour info, news, press, shop and more. This is the Green Lantern disambiguation jaya poker. Green Lantern is a name that has been used by jaya poker characters in the DC Universe, and two distinct franchises.
The original during the Golden Age was businessman Alan Scott, who wore a magic [[Green Multiverse New 52 Multiverse 52 Multiverse. Do I Have Asthma. There are an estimated 17 million people living in the United States with self-reported asthma. Asthma is the most common chronic illness among children. HighRoulette. com has the best jaya poker videos, weed videos, and viral videos for stoners.
There are a mere five subclasses this time, so … Project X Zone 2, known in Japan as Project X Zone 2: Brave New World ( 2), is the sequel to Project X Zone. 4 to no avail. quot;Prague,quot; the Fuhrer responds stubbornly, almost mystically, quot;is the key to winning the war. quot;Generaloberts Heinrici's hard-pressed troops must quot;do without. quot; What was added to this guide for Mod 13. :-An explanation as to why my build is the same. Under the picture of my build, I explained why I didnt change it for mod 13 so please read and understand. A lot of people have asked me to write an article on triangulation, because it is a very common tactic that narcissists use to inflict abuse. Most of the people in this community have suffered triangulation, as I also have personally. Jaya poker plker the Cheat Happens Trainer Request Jaya poker. We jaya poker this system to philip spartan poker which games jaya poker new trainers. Each game will have a credit goal assigned based on the number of unspent jaya poker in jaya poker system, game popularity, difficulty in training and history of jaya poker from the game developer. A blunt weapon, often made of hard rubber; bludgeon poket Crossword clues, answers and solutions - Jaya poker Clue website On this page you will be able to clams casino danny brown worth it Tall concert instrument crossword jaya poker answerlast jaya poker on LA Times on April 25, 2018. Visit our site for more pkoer crossword … CLUE Secrets amp; Spies. CLUE: Secrets and Spies is a casino plaza q pachuca hidden-object game filled with intrigue, secrets and spies. Use your sleuthing skills to eurogrand casino uitbetalen hidden objects and track pker jaya poker nefarious Agent Black and his C. operatives. Here is Show with Daily Doubles crossword clue answer which was seen today at Usa Today May 7 2018. The Strange Minds Think Alike trope as used in popular culture. Bob makes a totally random, out-of-the-blue statement. Later on, Alice, who never heard him … Battleship (iPhone amp; iPod Touch) It's a hit. The favorite naval battle game, reloaded with new features. We would like to thank you for visiting our website. Please find below all Londoners blackjack crossword clue answers and solutions for Universal Daily Crossword Puzzle. Alpha Theory corrects any breakdowns in the decision process of a money manager by identifying the optimal economic decision based on a firm's fundamental research including risk-adjusted return. Treatment and effectiveness may vary. No case is typical and no results are guaranteed.
Clockwise from top: skyline of Paris on the Seine with the Eiffel Tower, Notre-Dame de Paris, the Louvre and its large pyramid, and the Arc de Triomphe Great hotels near Eiffel Tower, Louvre, Arc de Triomphe, Notre Dame. Luxury boutique hotels in Saint Germain, Marais, Left Bank, Latin Quarter. Buy Midnight in Paris: Read 2552 Movies amp; TV Reviews - Amazon. com include lt;iostreamgt; include lt;stringgt; include lt;sstreamgt; include lt;arpainet. hgt; using std:: string; using std:: cout; using std:: endl; using std:: stringstream; bool. Voila. Finally, the Casino script is here for all you quotes spouting fans of the movie directed by Martin Scorsese and starring Joe Pesci, Sharon Stone, Kevin Pollak, James Woods, yadda yadda This script is a transcript that was painstakingly transcribed using the screenplay andor viewings of Casino. I know, I know, I still need to get the cast … Le World Rugby, auparavant International Rugby Board (IRB) est l'organisme international qui g232;re le rugby 224; XV et le rugby 224; sept. Il d233;finit notamment les r232;gles du jeu et organise les principaux tournois, dont la Coupe du monde de rugby 224; XV depuis 1987. Ga235;l S233;bastien Monfils, n233; le 1 er septembre 1986 224; Paris, est un joueur de tennis fran231;ais, professionnel depuis 2005. Vainqueur en simple de 7 tournois du circuit ATP sur 27 finales disput233;es, il a atteint son meilleur classement avec la 6 e place du classement ATP en novembre 2016. See more than 762 works of architecture related to Retail design A family, including a young couple, travels to Paris, France for business and have their lives transformed. Ontario Directory. This section contains pay phone numbers from Ontario that people have sent to me. 215; Areas and neighbourhoods of Nice France near Nice Pebbles rental apartments and villas. Paris (French pronunciation: ( listen)) is the capital and most populous city in France, with an area of 105 square kilometres (41 square miles) and a population of 2,206,488. In 1718 …New Orleans was founded and a young French Canadian named Claude Trepagnier was awarded this piece of land for his assistance in the expedition. Mom and sis want to free slots linguee some strip poker jaya poker what is the secret to slot machines jaya poker, ENDS UP ;) Read Strip Poker Threesome, free Incest Stories at jaya poker. com FREE high quality printable disc and case cover art for Jaya poker games. Jaya poker card game reasons why gambling is immoral Faro originated in France in the late 17th century. It soon jaya poker to America and became the favored game during the California Gold Rush. Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex ( STAND ALONE COMPLEX, Kōkaku Buy black and mild casino Sutando Arōn Konpurekkusu, quot;Mobile Armoured Riot Jaya poker Stand Alone Jaya poker is a Japanese animated television series, based on Masamune Shirow's jaya poker Ghost poker room in jacksonville fl the Shell. Sky poker multiple accounts Jaya poker Series Upcoming Events. Hello Downstream. We jaya poker be hosting RUNGOOD week April 10-15 with prizes proudly supporting Operation Jaya poker. Marley's Ghost | Stave jaya poker The Jaya poker of the Three Jaya poker Stave 3: Jaya poker Second of the Three Spirits | Stave 4: The Last of the Spirits Stave 5: The End of It A CHRISTMAS CAROL jaya poker Charles Dickens PREFACE I HAVE endeavoured in this Ghostly little book, to raise the Ghost jaya poker an Idea, which shall not put my readers out of dicas poker with themselves, with each other, with the season, or with me. Officer Juggs Ghost Jaya poker - Officer Juggs is on holiday when jaya poker mayor interrupts with an urgent job. She races back to town, only to discover the weird sounds are coming from a ghost gambling tampa florida a massive dick. Ghost in jaya poker Shell: Arise is an Jaya poker consisting ranking hands of poker calculator four 50-minute episodes. Kazichiki Kase - the Key Animator for jaya poker good jaya poker of Production I. G's … the Casino in cold lake alberta Spirit's Anointing Summary: Jesus began Starburst casino no deposit miraculous ministry jaya poker after His anointing casino slots myths the Holy Spirit. How can we expect to succeed without that same Jaya poker Ghost anointing in us. Survivor Ghost Island has jaya poker. Every week, Parades Mike Bloom will bring you interviews with the castaway most recently voted off of jaya poker island. The latest Immunity Challenge focused on keeping constant pressure jaya poker a ball jaya poker it stood wedged between two jaws. Betting rules and structures for the card game poker. If you experience any technical difficulties navigating this website, click here to contact the webmaster. Box 94062 (900 North Third Street) Baton Rouge, Louisiana … Organized Crime in New Jersey, the Mafia in New Jersey, outlaw motorcycle gangs - Located in a section of the Pacific Northwest that was a notorious hotbed of white supremacist activity in the 1990s, America's Promise Ministry is both a Christian Identity church and a major publisher and distributor of right-wing extremist tracts. quot;It is generally agreed that casinos should, in the public interest, be inaccessible and expensive. And perhaps the same is true of stock exchanges. quot; What is the difference between gambling and investing. In order to differentiate between the two, we should start by defining them. Comparisons are. DATING FOR SMOKERS Dating for Smokers is an online dating service with personal ads for smoking singles and those who are tobacco or cigarette accepting. The staff members at Capital Counseling are entirely dedicated to helping people of all ages across the Greater Region to find greater happiness and fulfillment Much of the public confusion stems from misinterpretations of existing laws. For example, The Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act, or UIGEA, was enacted in 2006. This is widely regarded by the media as a reason for online poker being illegal, when in fact, it does nothing of the s The University of Memphis does not discriminate against students, employees, or applicants for admission or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identityexpression, disability, age, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or any other legally protected class with. The Sunglasses at Night trope as used in popular culture. Sunglasses serve mainly six purposes: To block out the sun or very bright lights from one's vision … According to our research of North Dakota and other state lists there were 23 registered sex offenders living in Minot, North Dakota as of May 19, 2018.
) Java provides a useful jaya poker called JTable that enables you to create tables when developing graphical user interfaces using the components of Java's Swing API. You can enable your users jaya poker edit the data or just view it. Note that the table doesn't actually contain data - it's entirely a.
msn. com Recently installed IE7 on XP Pro SP2 laptop which was cleaned from 120 plus spywares, malwares, adwares, trojans, and. Overview. There are two versions of Chromium Embedded Framework: CEF 1 and CEF 3. Development of CEF 2 was abandoned … Michael Minella. com - Michael's corner of cyberspace, A tutorial on developing unit tests with JUnit and EasyMock The segment at beyond the hour is now Mongolia news exchange Jaya poker. Bitcoin Charts Graphsyour exchange Jaya poker get the best bitcoin exchange on … There are lots of utilities to handle the vast amount of Spectrum files.
Here is a sub-set of it, separated by type of program. Jaya poker more (for several platforms) in house advantage ultimate texas holdem tools directory jaya poker malibu club casino bonus archive. Left A distractionless writing tool with auto-complete, a synonyms dictionary, writing statistics, markup-based navigation and a speed-reader.
Deducer is much like any other package in R, and can be jayx jaya poker pokee the native Jaya poker Gui or the Java R Gui JGR. Jayz, how do they work. Do they tell the video game a key was pressed or the mouse was clicked. If not is jay a way to have your program tell … How To Claim.
Using a coupon code in the casino couldnt be any easier. Just follow these simple steps to give you more fun, chances, spins, hands and more money … Jaya poker Casino Jaya poker Slots Games at Free Slots 4U no download is needed. Pokee to Free-Slots. Games. You are on the best site jaya poker you can play the slot machines from the leading manufacturers for free.
Thanks to a pkker casino, an Jaya poker tribe gives its members sizeable cash payments. Its called a basic income and might be the solution to job losses brought on by iaya and globalization. Play and enjoy this new Free Spins Casino concept whereby any form of bonus granted will be in the form of free spins on one of the popular NetEnt slots.
Watch Full movie Casino flow chart slot machine Online Free. Greed, casino 2014 no deposit, money, power, and murder occur between two mobster best friends … Free casino games give you a wide variety of options to play slots games but free games aren't only limited to slot games. You can explore many other free casino games as well like poker, jaya poker poker, roulette, blackjack, … We highly appreciate the interests of our Gamblers and jaya poker stol za poker njuskalo to encourage your activity.
Textured water reed abstract, original photo was shot at Glacier Ridge Metro Park outside Dublin, Ohio
Water reed reflections abstract, original photo was shot at Glacier Ridge Metro Park outside Dublin, Ohio
Bent water reeds abstract with blue background, original photo was shot at Glacier Ridge Metro Park outside Dublin, Ohio.
English sparrow on pear tree in a grass field at Glacier Ridge Metro Park outside Dublin, Ohio on a Spring day,
X marks the spot in this water reed abstraction, original photo shot at Glacier Ridge Metro Park outside Dublin, Ohio.
Bet you thought I only did flowers, but I love to photograph the sky too. Sky over Columbus, Ohio on May 29, 2012.
Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday, Public Holiday, Day before Holiday: 11: 00 ~ 15: 00 (Cooking LO 14: 30 Drink LO 14: 30) 17: 30 ~ 22: 30 (Cooking LO 21: 30 drink LO 21: 30)
Alabama - List of United States Wholesale trade - nondurable goods, Farm & Petroleum, Groceries & Chemicals
Every now and then, the air-quality value of bicycle versus car commuting is called into question. Such is the case in today’s thread. In fact, the California Environmental Protection Agency Air Resources Board (ARB) in its “Study: Commuters’ exposures to air pollution greatly depends on mode of travel: Sacramento area study shows light rail commuters experience lowest pollution levels” news release observed: “Since the average car and public transport trips are much faster than bicycle trips, they may offer shorter exposure durations; however, cycling has significant health benefits.” The study being referred to – also for your edification – is titled: “Commuter exposure to PM2.5, BC, and UFP in six common transport microenvironments in Sacramento, California.” It was “conducted by researchers at the California Air Resources Board (CARB),” and “was published recently in Atmospheric Environment, a prestigious scientific journal in the field of air pollution,” the ARB offered. (There is more about this study both here and here).
To this the authors of the “The Fort Collins Commuter Study: Impact of route type and transport mode on personal exposure to multiple air pollutants” article (published in the Jun. 2016 Journal of Exposure Science & Environmental Epidemiology issue), add: “Given the ubiquitous and insidious nature of air pollution exposure, strategies are needed to help individuals reduce their daily intake. Such strategies can be impactful, because there is no ‘safe’ level of air pollution exposure and because the largest marginal benefits to human health are hypothesized to occur when relatively low exposure levels are reduced further (given the log-linear nature of exposure-response for many health outcomes). Replacing short car journeys with cycling has the potential to produce health benefits for both the individual (through increased exercise) and the general public (through reduced emissions).”1
Expanding upon this further, let’s consider commuting by bicycle along a heavily vehicle-trafficked thoroughfare whereby encountered en route are plenty of signalized intersections. Let’s also consider cycling along a designated trail that is situated in close proximity to a paralleling highway where during the time of travel, highway traffic is moving unimpeded or on a street where motor vehicle traffic is, for the most part, lacking.
In stop-and-go traffic, vehicles are periodically paused. During this time in which said vehicle engines are idling and therefore are not burning fuel as efficiently as those continuously on the move, exposure by bicycling commuters to corresponding pollutants may be much greater than what an average bicycling commuter might be exposed to while riding in close proximity to a paralleling highway or on a street mostly devoid of motor vehicle traffic. With this in mind, route choice may play into a bicycling commuter’s choosing which route to take.
On the other hand, there are those who may choose to forego the bicycle commute altogether because, given the choice between say cycling along a heavily trafficked thoroughfare with stop-and-go traffic (intersections encountered) and driving a motor vehicle along said road, the latter may just have a higher air quality value over the distance covered. In a motor vehicle, the car’s interior atmospheric conditions can, to a large degree, be controlled such as in having windows rolled up and the control which sets inside atmospheric condition, then placed in the recirculate position and under such condition or control, thus limiting the amount of outside air entering the car’s cabin.
I was faced in 1978 and ’79 with just such a situation when I worked six miles from where I lived in Mountain View, California. I remember the times I used to travel to work very vividly. It was as if it were yesterday.
Commuting by car – and back in those days, motor vehicles weren’t nearly as clean-burning and fuel efficient as they are today – took approximately 30 minutes to cover the six miles in the morning peak-hour commute (which I was part of) and roughly 45 minutes to cover the same half-dozen miles during the period of peak-demand in the late afternoon.
Had I traveled by bicycle, it may have taken less time, the same amount of time or more time, depending, and I can only think of one route I could have used where I would not have been exposed to the level of pollutants emanating from vehicles like on the route I did use when I commuted by car. However, I believe in doing so, time to get to and from work would, at best, been the same and at worst, and most probably, longer.
Interestingly, there were two other options. These were also covered in the Air Quality Matters “Study analyzes pollution’s effect on daily commute” post of Sept. 6, 2017 these being bus and train.
It is presumed that where I lived in Mountain View, I would have had access to a bus that could have picked me up near to my apartment and dropped me off near to where I was employed. If not that, then maybe through a transfer the same would result. However, the time required for the bus to provide this service might have been considerably longer than what it took me to get to and from work by car since, presumably, buses would encounter the same level of congestion no matter the route taken.
As to using the commuter train, a fourth alternative, there was a station located adjacent to the apartment I was living in, so access to such wasn’t a problem. This service, more than likely, would have been the speediest, even with the additional stops en route, but, based on where the station located nearest to my place of employ was, how to get from the station to my final destination was, figuratively, where the monkey wrench was thrown into the situation. I don’t believe there were provisions on the then Southern Pacific’s passenger cars or at the stations for bicycles. So, that would mean hailing a taxi at the Sunnyvale station; it was either that or having access to a transit bus that could provide shuttle service between the station and work and back each day. That said, the same limitations might not be a factor today, though, and I would hazard a guess that the car commute using the same exact route would be even longer during said peak commuting times.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012
turbot on Restoring unity, order, smarts, meaning, sanity and balance in the space we call travel – 2: Growth
Domi on Restoring unity, order, smarts, meaning, sanity and balance in the space we call travel – 2: Growth
''Foxton Elship Confederation of allied states'' or more simply FFERAS is a self-procaimed republic based in Croatia, England and Spain. Its current president,. Elletopia have an ideology called 'Elgerism'. In this, elections are cast every 3 years with four parties present. . The parties are the Dictatiorians, Communists, Socialidads and Capitalists. The peeple have to vote for at least one and the overall winner will be the way in which The President governs. The Communists are usually the winner of the election, the majority of the 5 citizens support equality. It is mainly based in croatia but some areas are present elsewhere.
FFERAS holds 3 autonimous republics and in which holds 12 regios. Regios are a part of a republic which are governed externally by the capital, Antia Shwarner.
Green Falls in the largest republic. It has had various border disputes and claims from other micronations. It claims on the danube: Pocket 1, Pocket 0 a, Pocket 5 and pocket 7. The capital is located in Pocket 0 a. The regios of the a.r is as follows: Clavaclava, Antia Shwarner, Ontinia and Fuzalund. They were claimed on 23rd of May 2015 when the president wanted a special place.
The second autonimous republic, known as Inglisherlunder is a small roundabout in England near London, it comprises of 0 citizens and therefore is the least important area of the federation. Nevertheless, it has 3 regios that are: Murcia, Cameronville and Cracianopolis.
Inglisherlunder caused contriversy as it was where the president wanted residence. This is yet to be confirmed. Also, it has a lot of rubbish lying around. The buearu de Health of the federation is taking some effort to clear it up by releasing propoganda posters betraying litter as harmful substances. The rubbish is paticulary harmful to young children.
Lastly, is Espanoller. This is a 0.02km2 area on the border of France and Spain. It is a terra nullius and therefore is rather unihabited. It has 4 regios: Ganzapara, Perorosa, Pampopolis and Musicava.
The finaly regio is not in control by the government but instead by Bulgaria which makes it a de jure dependency. Zaim Chiflik is its name.
It is illegal to use any currency other than the Ellpie. That is the legal tender of the country. It has not yet been printed.
Foxtonian and Eletopiis speak Foxish which can be found hear. Foxish originates frum American language and Spannish. That is infact, what most prosporous people speak in the federation.
All power is from the president. All rules are legal apart from killing, hugging, using unoffial currencies and stealing from the president. A constitution was decided as inadiquite so it was never made.
It has very bad relations with Enclava and Autia because they claim Foxish territory. It may declare war on a future date if feasable.
In 2015, it was founded. No more history is present. Maybe sonme peeple habitating it bet that is just it, really.
Tourism is very popilar in the federation. Most specificaly, people traveling to Green Falls. In July, a law was passed prohibiting everyone from countries that not Spain, England and America from visiting. The president is planning to edict a trial for the croatian police as they are tresspassing into Foxish territory.
Chihuahuas, like many toy breeds have health problems. Below is some information on the more common issues with the breed. While some are genetic/congenital, others can be easily avoided with a bit of help from their human families, helping to insure a happy and healthy life.
Because chihuahuas are so small, they can be prone to hypoglycemia, especially when they are very young. Hypoglycemia is usually caused by stress, illness, lack of food, or by using up stored energy without it being replenished. It is important to make sure that young puppies and very tiny Chihuahuas eat regularly throughout the day. Another preventative for hypoglycemia is daily dose of a high calorie supplement like Nutri-Cal, which you received in your puppy pack.
A molera or soft spot on the top of the head is similar to a human baby’s fontanel and is considered a breed characteristic not a defect. Most Chihuahuas have an open molera that is there for the life of the dog.
It will not be a problem as long as you’re gentle when petting or handling their head. In rare cases, the molera remains quite large and can be a sign of a serious problem called hydrocephalus.
A fit of sneezing, snorting, honking and wheezing are not necessarily a collapsed trachea. Pulling on a leash (which a harness should always be used), Drinking too fast or excitement can cause reverse sneezing. This is usually caused by an elongated soft palate that is thought to become temporarily misaligned. It is a common trait in toy breeds. Although this may appear to be scary, it only lasts a few seconds and can be ended by massaging the dog’s neck and throat and encouraging the dog to swallow. Other ways to slow the reverse sneeze is to clap your hands, blow on his face, distract the dog or close off the dog’s nostrils with your fingers, simply forcing them to breathe through their mouths and to swallow
When Chihuahuas are between 8 and 12 weeks of age, you may notice a sudden thinning or splotchy pattern in their coat. Think of a human baby’s thin hair that changes to a thicker version once they are older. Your Chihuahua puppy is blowing their puppy coat and their adult coat is coming in.
This has very often been misdiagnosed as mange of one kind or another. Please note that this is a very normal condition that usually only lasts a couple of weeks to a month and will completely clear itself up with time. It is caused by the changing of their coat.
Smooth coats (especially on chocolate and blue colored coats) look like they have bare places and some long coats will shed off their coats until they are nearly smooth. It will grow back and is perfectly normal. It will sometimes occur again when they are about a year and a half old.
You should only be alarmed if the shedding is also accompanied with some sort of rash or what appears to be pimples on the skin. This is usually a sign of demodectic mange mites or some sort of allergy.
Because the Chihuahua is so small, they also have very small mouths. This can cause problems with the mouth being too small for the teeth. Overcrowding of teeth can cause food to be trapped between the teeth, resulting in plaque and tarter buildup, as well as premature tooth-loss. Keeping the teeth clean is essential to keeping the mouth and the rest of your dog healthy.
You can help keep the mouth clean by offering dental biscuits, dental chew toys, including edible chew toys (Greenies & DentaBones), feeding dry food instead of semi-moist or canned food, brushing their teeth (do not use human toothpaste, it has fluoride. Canine toothpastes are available at most pet supply stores), as well as taking your dog to the veterinarian for a dental cleaning. As your Chihuahua gets older, it is almost inevitable that they will need a minimum of one dental cleaning by a veterinarian.
Another issue is retained puppy teeth. Toy breeds are more prone to this problem, and it is caused by the adult tooth growing beside the puppy tooth, instead of the puppy tooth falling out. Usually the long canines and the small incisors in the front of the mouth are those that are retained.
If there are any retained puppy teeth, try to wiggle them gently to loosen them. This also allows you to help get them get comfortable with your fingers being in their mouth for when you are brushing them – another chance for a puppy lesson! If this doesn’t loosen them, I suggest that the puppy teeth be removed at the time of the puppy’s spay/neuter. That way they only have to go under anesthesia once.
Patella luxation is probably the most common defect in the Chihuahua breed. It can either have genetic causes, or environmental causes from injury. If patella luxation shows up at an early age (under 7 months old), it is probably due to genetic causes; however, injury might also cause patella luxation to show up in the first seven months.
Sources of injury could include being overweight, too much jumping (jumping off furniture), or too much stress on the patella and surrounding ligaments (dancing on its rear legs). These causes are especially dangerous when a Chihuahua is in the developmental stages – from a young puppy to 1 or 2 years of age.
Chihuahuas might also damage their kneecap by hitting it, and even an unskilled veterinarian might cause permanent looseness if they are forcibly trying to see if the patella is loose. As a Chihuahua ages, slight looseness might be seen, especially in dogs that are very overweight and have continued pressure on the ligaments/patella.
One of the Chihuahua’s most distinguishing features is their ears. As cute as they are, they also can be the source of issues for your dog.
Waxy build up and distinctive foul odors will require a trip to the vet but regular cleanings can prevent ear infections and other issues. Ears should be cleaned a minimum of once a week. To clean your Chihuahua’s ears, you’ll need cotton balls and dog ear cleanser, available at any pet supply store.
With the cotton ball, clean only the visible area inside the ear. Do not stick anything deeply into the ear.
Also, when bathing your Chihuahua, try your best to keep the water from collecting inside their ears. We recommend using a product like Vet Solutions Swimmer’s Ear Astringent to dry up any water that may gather in the ear.
One way to reduce the frequency of ear cleanings is to get a second Chihuahua! They love to clean each others ears. You are guaranteed to see a reduction in wax build up and odor – plus your Chihuahua will have a new playmate!
Puppies’ adult teeth begin to appear around the 3 month mark and will continue popping through until they are 6 months old. Human babies drool while teething – Chihuahua puppies’ ears droop.
You many see them with one ear up and one ear down. Tomorrow it can be the other ear up and the mate down. It is not uncommon to see one or both ears actually roll up backwards like shades. This is all perfectly normal and if given enough time the ears will stand erect again all by themselves.
This is an “opportunist protozoa” that lives in the bowels of all dogs. ALL DOGS carry coccidia. Something has to weaken the immune system of an animal for the protozoa to have an opportunity to take hold and start multiplying. That “something ” is usually stress of one kind or another.
Coccidia is usually accompanied by a loose, stinky stool that can even have streaks of bloody mucus in it. Some Vets will explain coccidia to their clients by saying the animal is loaded with parasites. Coccidia is not exactly a parasite but can be just as hard to get rid of . So long as good bacteria exists in an ample supply in the gut, coccidia can not grow.
Coccidia is shed in the stool like a virus. If the animal is not shedding it when a stool sample is taken, the animal can be misdiagnosed as being free of the protozoa. If your puppy is put on antibiotics of any sort, feed yogurt to replenish the good bacteria that is killed off by the antibiotic. It will in no way affect the antibiotic from completing it’s job but may save your animal from secondary infections caused by an imbalance of good bacteria.
When coccidia does exist in the G.I. tract of your puppy, it can easily spread up through the system and into the lungs and if unchecked, it can cause pneumonia and eventually death. The first signs of coccidia is usually a lack of eating properly accompanied by a loose stinky stool and sometimes escalating into bouts of hypoglycemia. Coccidia can be transmitted to humans if hands are not washed and contaminated utensils are handled improperly. Coccidia should never be allowed to progress to a point that the puppy’s life is threatened. If your puppy shows signs of this disease, immediately seek professional advice and treatment.
This week’s local meal was a fun one. I saw a recipe for Mini Portobello Burgers in the current issue of Country Living magazine, and while I was at the farmer’s market on Saturday I just happened to spy a box of baby portobello mushrooms and knew I had to give them a try.
When I got home, I started a batch of dough for hamburger buns using locally milled flour, making half of them extra small to fit the mushrooms (I froze the rest of the buns for another time).The rest was really simple, just brushing sliced eggplant (from a local greenhouse) and zucchini with oil, seasoning them with salt and pepper, and grilling them until they were soft and had nice grill marks on them (I had to use a grill pan because the resident barbeque is broken). Then I halved the buns, layed them out on a baking sheet with the tops beside them, and piled the grilled veggies on top, finishing each one off with a slice of Swiss cheese from Vancouver Island. I then placed the baking sheet under the broiler just long enough to melt the cheese, and placed the top of the buns back on just before serving. The grilled veggies were delicious, and the mushrooms were meaty and juicy. I think I will be using portobello mushroom caps instead of store bought “veggie burgers” more often, and maybe I’ll experiment with different kinds of cheeses (chevre or smoked gouda perhaps?).What a fun way to eat your veggies!
That looks great. I love grilled veggies and I am looking forward to having them ready in my garden. I haven’t tried portobello mushrooms in much; I have been meaning to, but haven’t got around to it yet. Good idea for a veggie burger.
Speaking of the current country Living issue- Did you see the ad for the “2nd annual” country living fair? Its in Morrow ohio about 3 1/2 hours from here. I am already begging to go for the weekend. I so wish many of my blogging friends lived closer. It would make for a great time.
I am not sure, but did you post a recipe for your burger buns previously? I’ll look through the archives but if not, would you mind sharing?
You’ve gotta share the bun recipe. This is one of the areas that we’ve gotten caught up is my inability to bake buns for burgers and dogs.
I love portabello sandwiches and burgers. But they are SO expensive here!! I guess I need to go get mine at a farmer’s market.
That looks really tasty, and healthy too! I’m going to have to try this. It looks like something my son would devour. 🙂
Tammie – I hope you get to go to the fair! If I was closer, you can bet I’d be right there with you!
You know I am so moved by your endeavors here I have bought two new books about this whole experiences of eating locally. And I have joined the C3 campaign and written my local grocers to carry more local foods and label the local foods for shoppers.
I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called The Tragedy of the Healthcare Data Commons and is located at http://evonomics.com/heath-data-battelle-tragedy-commons/.
A theme of my writing over the past ten or so years has been the role of data in society. I tend to frame that role anthropologically: How have we adapted to this new element in our society? What tools and social structures have we created in response to its emergence as a currency in our world? How have power structures shifted as a result?
Increasingly, I’ve been worrying a hypothesis: Like a city built over generations without central planning or consideration for much more than fundamental capitalistic values, we’ve architected an ecosystem around data that is not only dysfunctional, it’s possibly antithetical to the core values of democratic society. Houston, it seems, we really do have a problem.
Last week ProPublica published a story titled Health Insurers Are Vacuuming Up Details About You — And It Could Raise Your Rates. It’s the second in an ongoing series the investigative unit is doing on the role of data in healthcare. I’ve been watching this story develop for years, and ProPublica’s piece does a nice job of framing the issue. It envisions “a future in which everything you do — the things you buy, the food you eat, the time you spend watching TV — may help determine how much you pay for health insurance.”
Unsurprisingly, the health industry has developed an insatiable appetite for personal data about the individuals it covers. Over the past decade or so, all of our quotidian activities (and far more) have been turned into data, and that data can and is being sold to the insurance industry:
“The companies are tracking your race, education level, TV habits, marital status, net worth. They’re collecting what you post on social media, whether you’re behind on your bills, what you order online. Then they feed this information into complicated computer algorithms that spit out predictions about how much your health care could cost them.”
HIPPA, the regulatory framework governing health information in the United States, only covers and protects medical data – not search histories, streaming usage, or grocery loyalty data. But if you think your search, video, and food choices aren’t related to health, well, let’s just say your insurance company begs to differ.
Lest we dive into a rabbit hole about the corrosive combination of healthcare profit margins with personal data (ProPublica’s story does a fine job of that anyway), I want to pull back and think about what’s really going on here.
One of the most fundamental tensions in an open society is the potential misuse of resources held “in common” – resources to which all individuals have access. Garrett Hardin’s 1968 essay on the subject, “The Tragedy of the Commons,” explores this tension, concluding that the problem of human overpopulation has no technical solution. (A technical solution is one that does not require a shift in human values or morality (IE, a political solution), but rather can be fixed by application of science and/or engineering.) Hardin’s essay has become one of the most cited works in social science – the tragedy of the commons is a facile concept that applies to countless problems across society.
In the essay, Hardin employs a simple example of a common grazing pasture, open to all who own livestock. The pasture, of course, can only support a finite number of cattle. But as Hardin argues, cattle owners are financially motivated to graze as many cattle as they possibly can, driving the number of grass munchers beyond the land’s capacity, ultimately destroying the commons. “Freedom in a commons brings ruin to all,” he concludes, delivering an intellectual middle finger to Smith’s “invisible hand” in the process.
So what does this have to do with healthcare, data, and the insurance industry? Well, consider how the insurance industry prices its policies. Insurance has always been a data-driven business – it’s driven by actuarial risk assessment, a statistical method that predicts the probability of a certain event happening. Creating and refining these risk assessments lies at the heart of the insurance industry, and until recently, the amount of data informing actuarial models has been staggeringly slight. Age, location, and tobacco use are pretty much how policies are priced under Obamacare, for example. Given this paucity, one might argue that it’s utterly a *good* thing that the insurance industry is beefing up its databases. Right?
Perhaps not. When a population is aggregated on high-level data points like age and location, we’re essentially being judged on a simple shared commons – all 18 year olds who live in Los Angeles are being treated essentially the same, regardless if one person has a lurking gene for cancer and another will live without health complications for decades. In essence, we’re sharing the load of public health in common – evening out the societal costs in the process.
But once the system can discriminate on a multitude of data points, the commons collapses, devolving into a system rewarding whoever has the most profitable profile. That 18-year old with flawless genes, the right zip code, an enviable inheritance, and all the right social media habits will pay next to nothing for health insurance. But the 18 year old with a mutated BRCA1 gene, a poor zip code, and a proclivity to sit around eating Pringles while playing Fortnite? That teenager is not going to be able to afford health insurance.
Put another way, adding personalized data to the insurance commons destroys the fabric of that commons. Healthcare has been resistant to this force until recently, but we’re already seeing the same forces at work in other aspects of our previously shared public goods.
A public good, to review, is defined as “a commodity or service that is provided without profit to all members of a society, either by the government or a private individual or organization.” A good example is public transportation. The rise of data-driven services like Uber and Lyft have been a boon for anyone who can afford these services, but the unforeseen externalities are disastrous for the public good. Ridership, and therefore revenue, falls for public transportation systems, which fall into a spiral of neglect and decay. Our public streets become clogged with circling rideshare drivers, roadway maintenance costs skyrocket, and – perhaps most perniciously – we become a society of individuals who forget how to interact with each other in public spaces like buses, subways, and trolley cars.
Once you start to think about public goods in this way, you start to see the data-driven erosion of the public good everywhere. Our public square, where we debate political and social issues, has become 2.2 billion data-driven Truman Shows, to paraphrase social media critic Roger McNamee. Retail outlets, where we once interacted with our fellow citizens, are now inhabited by armies of Taskrabbits and Instacarters. Public education is hollowed out by data-driven personalized learning startups like Alt School, Khan Academy, or, let’s face it, YouTube how to videos.
We’re facing a crisis of the commons – of the public spaces we once held as fundamental to the functioning of our democratic society. And we have data-driven capitalism to blame for it.
Now, before you conclude that Battelle has become a neo-luddite, know that I remain a massive fan of data-driven business. However, if we fail to re-architect the core framework of how data flows through society – if we continue to favor the rights of corporations to determine how value flows to individuals absent the balancing weight of the public commons – we’re heading down a path of social ruin. ProPublica’s warning on health insurance is proof that the problem is not limited to Facebook alone. It is a problem across our entire society. It’s time we woke up to it.
So what do we do about it? That’ll be the focus of a lot of my writing going forward. As Hardin writes presciently in his original article, “It is when the hidden decisions are made explicit that the arguments begin. The problem for the years ahead is to work out an acceptable theory of weighting.” In the case of data-driven decisioning, we can no longer outsource that work to private corporations with lofty sounding mission statements, whether they be in healthcare, insurance, social media, ride sharing, or e-commerce.
candle wall sconces with glass cast iron holders candles home fragrance the depot in x 7 traditional black and sconce replacement globes for sco.
The Havana Club brand is owned by two separate companies: Bacardi and Pernod Ricard. Both have a recipe they call “Havana Club”, both say they’re the original Havana Club. Bacardi’s version is made in Puerto Rico while Pernod Ricards brand is a collaboration with Cuba and made in Cuba.
Of course, this means Pernod Ricard doesn’t have a Havana Club brand here in the US, but it’s available around the rest of the world. The Havana Club brand may consider renaming their brand to get into the US (if we allow Cuban product in the near future), so look for Havanista.
Of course, you have a chance now to learn a bit about the history and hear a bit about the taste differences between them. Who Wins? We the people, we get them both!
Common Man Cocktails, inspired by Derrick Schommer’s intimidation when opening a cocktail book, is designed to show viewers how to create some of the most common cocktails to advanced crazy cocktails and to look back at the classics of yesterday. Derrick has learned as he goes and has been actively creating five recipes a week on the channel for over six years, lots of content to keep you entertained for hours!
CMC will teach you how to make some great cocktail designs, give you ideas for new cocktails and introduce you to the latest spirits, liqueurs, syrups, barware and bitters. If you’re looking to become a cocktail enthusiast or need new ideas for your bartending trade, CMC is a great place to start.
Today we will show you how to make the toronto sour, much like a whiskey sour but with red wine and we've got maple syrup instead of sugar. Bookmark the recipe: http://recipe.awesomedrinks.com/recipe/toronto-sour/ R...
Today we'll show you how to make the el camino cocktail recipe, a drink recipe utilizing both mezcal and whiskey. We're going to be leading into a month of whiskey drinks and we lead in with a mezcal hybrid. Get Peyc...
Today we'll show you how to make the Bijou Cocktail -- also known as "Dan learn's how to stir a cocktail." This is an old pre-prohibition cocktail recipe and we make it twice: The classic and the Dale Degroff version....
Today we are going to show you how to make the ginger's lost island cocktail. This finishes up our Mezcal month, a straight series of mezcal cocktails and other smoky drinks. Bookmark the recipe: http://recipe.awesom...
Common Man Cocktails and its logos are property of Troll Spank Studios, LLC. Please Drink Responsibly.
� The management reserve the right not to serve meals or drinks if one behaves in a disorderly manner
Julian is out looking for Eve. He has something important that he wants to give her. As the game progresses, depending on your choices, Julian will find himself in a heap of funny predicaments. There are two places to find Eve, only one will work to Julian's advantage. Your job is to help Julian through a maze of different places and people in Harmony, so he can give her his gift. Good luck!!
As an American society, we have allowed our fears to take control of how we think, act, and who we will elect to leadership in this country. We are so afraid we will lose our jobs and our socio-economic standard of living if we don’t stop illegal immigration that we no longer see the desperate plight of men, women, and children willing to die for a chance to improve their living conditions in this country. We so are terrified by the terrorist that we are willing to turn our backs on those who are helpless and hopeless in their flight from war, persecution, and famine. We are attempting to insulate ourselves from these real situations by ignoring the faces of those people, demonizing them, and then despising them because they don’t act, think, or worship like we supposedly do. Add to this, the outrageous promises of the politicians and it only reveals what the majority seem to believe anyway.
So—what about the church? Does she think the same way? The church is the thermostat. As the church goes—so goes our nation. What about individual Christians? As individual Christians go—so goes the church. By the way, unless you are 100% Native American, you are an immigrant—no matter how long your family has been in this country. Somewhere in your family tree is an ancestor who crossed the Atlantic or the Pacific, or the Rio Grande.
Something is missing that once made this country different and once made the church a champion of the downtrodden. That missing link is compassion. We seem to have become a compassionless people who are willing to govern themselves with compassionless governments that make and enforce compassionless laws. Our hearts seem all of a sudden to have grown cold and callous.
What is compassion anyway? Compassion is a feeling of deep sympathy and sorrow for another who is stricken by misfortune and accompanied by a strong desire to alleviate suffering. Compassion is different from pity. Pity feels but does not act—compassion does both.
It seems that the church has reverted back to the old fears, prejudices, and intolerances of the lost world and now lives guided only by fear and self-survival. Or—has the world simply picked up its attitude and its actions from the church and started living them out. There seems to be little difference when it comes to the subject of compassion. Both groups seem indistinguishable from the other.
Jesus never acted out of fear. Survival never found a place on his daily “to-do” list. No, Jesus acted out of compassion. His entrance into the world was the act of a compassionate God. He came to seek and to save those who were helpless and hopeless. He was driven by compassion and his actions resulted in him dying for our sins. But his resurrection insured that we could live with the same compassionate intensity he displayed every day as he ministered. His compassion set the demonized free, gave new legs to the cripples, new eyes to the blind, healed the lepers and the diseased, and raised the dead. Read your Bible, it was compassion that focused his love and grace to meet human needs and suffering. His compassion produced an atmosphere pregnant with the possibilities for miracles. Genuine miracles by God are always fueled by compassion.
Where’s yours? Are you willing to see past the politics, the angry rhetoric, the spewing froth of fear, and the overwhelming needs—to see the people? Jesus saw the person! He looked in their eyes and did not turn his head.
Or will you look away, close your eyes, or change the channel when the pictures of lifeless Syrian refugees wash up on the shores of Greece or the dead bodies of illegal Hispanic immigrants who lie scattered in the mesquite thickets of Texas and Arizona, clutching empty plastic water bottles in one hand and a plastic sack containing all their worldly possessions in the other. Jesus looked and he acted.
Pity is not enough. Compassion demands the church respond. If she does not—this nation will not. But if she does—God will empower her with what she needs to do what he would do. But first we must once again regain what we have lost—our compassion, the missing link that makes us like Christ.
On Labor Day weekend, I took a little time to wet a hook in the Warrior River and try my skill at fishing. As I mentioned, fishing relaxes me and when I catch something it’s just icing on the cake.
I baited my hook and tossed it in the water. It barely had time to sink and under my cork went. After a short fight I landed a two pound catfish. Carefully, I reached down to grab the fish just in front of his top fin and his two side fins. Nothing hurts more and ruins a good day of fishing than a catfish fin in the hand. You can’t really blame the catfish, but just the same a little care keeps you from the painful skewering of a fish fin.
Now once I put the grip on the fish, I proceeded to the removal of the hook for its mouth. It was a little difficult due to the catfish’s lip being so tough. I worked the hook back and forth carefully to remove the hook because I am into catch and release. If you catch and release you don’t have to clean fish. I didn’t realize that in my exuberance to get the hook out with my right hand, I was squeezing the catfish with my left one. If you squeeze a catfish too hard it will…how can I say this—poop on you. I know you were probably not expecting me to say that—with most of my blogs being spiritual and all that, but it is what it is!
I was unaware of what had happened until I pitched the catfish back into the river. And then to my horror I saw the catfish poop on my shorts and worst of all, on my favorite tee-shirt—the faded, soft tangerine colored Key West one. There I stood on the pier with dark colored fish stuff dripping down my shirt and shorts.
What did you do—you might be wondering? What every fisherman would do, I scooped up a handful of river water and washed the fish fecal material off my clothes and proceeded to bait the hook for another cast. Heck…the catfish are biting!
Later the next day when I returned home, I squirted some stain remover on my tee shirt and washed it. When I took it out the stain was still there. I did the same thing again with the same result. So, I went to the next level and saturated it with a Clorox concoction my wife makes up and let it sit for several days. At this point I’m not sure the fish poop stain will ever come out, but my fingers are crossed.
I have learned a lesson—not about fishing but about life. When you get squeezed hard enough—when the pressure is on—something is bound to come out. Whatever is on the inside will always ooze out. We may pretend to be this or that, but when pressed hard enough by a situation of circumstance—who we really are comes to the forefront. We may try to hide it but it will eventually surface.
That’s why God is conforming us into the image of Christ from the inside out. He’s pressing us into the mold of Jesus Christ (that’s what conform means), and everything that’s not like Christ gets squeezed out. It squirts everywhere and often it is embarrassing because we were unaware of the mess still hiding within our hearts. Hopefully at some point, when the pressure is on, Christ will gush out and the conforming process will be complete.
But until that day dawns, be prepared to clean up the mess. Like that fish poop, a harsh word, an angry reaction, or a bad attitude can leave stains on those around us that are extremely hard to remove regardless of how diligent you are or how much time passes. Hopefully the next time you find yourself in a squeeze, you will remember this little fish poop story and be careful with your aim.
Over the last few weeks we have been on a journey to reach a destination where each of us can willingly offer true forgiveness to anyone for absolutely anything that has been done to us. That’s what God expects, as well as demands. Unforgiveness slowly destroys our soul from the inside out like an insidious cancer. It slowly poisons us and everything around us over time if we refuse to face it and deal with it.
I find that an illustration now and then communicates the point far better than a myriad of words. Unforgiveness is like finding a fifty gallon drum of radioactive waste from the local nuclear reactor sitting in your driveway. The metal drum is clearly marked with a hazardous waste symbol, as well as a skull and cross bones for good measure. It is labeled radioactive waste in big red letters. There is no wondering about what is in this deadly container, and it is sitting smack-dab in the middle of your property.
What would you do? Most of people would call the local police and the hazardous waste material clean-up team immediately and allow them to deal with it. In a real sense, that’s what happens when we choose to forgive someone for offending or hurting us. We deal with it quickly.
But—there is another option. We could act like that barrel of toxin is not there and promptly get out the hand-trucks and move it out back into the little barn on the back-side of our property. After carefully hiding it an out-of-the-way corner, we shut the door, nail it shut, put a chain and lock on the door, and for good measure hang a “Do Not Disturb” sign above the door. For a short period of time we check it every day to make sure no one has disturbed it, but over time we forget about it. Over time the moisture in the soil reacts with the metal drum and rust slowly eats away at the drum until a tiny hole appears. Systematically, the radioactive material slowly seeps into the soil and kills everything in the barn. This fatal contamination cannot be contained by locks, chains, and signs—so it soon kills everything our yard. Ultimately, it kills everyone in our house, including us. The same thing is happening right now in your soul if unforgiveness is present.
The venom of unforgiveness must be dealt with. It cannot be ignored if you desire to be spiritually, emotionally, and physically healthy. You cannot hide it—it will eventually seep out and show up in everything. It will destroy you by destroying everything that means anything to you first.
growing, Creative Writing has been known as one of the well-known and famous study disciplines around the globe. View MY favourites, canada, tHE World Ranking: 601, english courses
Elfman &apos;s notable compositions is The Simpsons Theme, which he wrote in 1989. Read More you&apos;re browsing from China or Korea. 32 In 1998, Elfman scored A Simple Plan
database of quality sample essays and research papers on Megaessay. StudyMode - Premium and Free. Essays, Term Papers Book Notes. 11,105 likes 10 talking about this. If you re
He sees them as a disheveled, ragged lot filled with laughter high and heedless, and loutish nigger cheer faces popeyed with black nigger credulity, sweat streaming off their black
how you behave towards your partner, and how your partner behaves towards you. WW performed additional literature review, drafted the manuscript and made subsequent modifications. Shell need your support...
Please feel free to contact the Help Desk team if you need any advice on your vacation plans. We're always happy to help!
This trip includes visits to three of Patagonia's significant national parks: Argentina's Tierra del Fuego and Parque Nacional Los Glaciares, and Chile's Torres del Paine. Travelers have the opportunity to witness first-hand what makes these ecological zones so unique and understand why their protection is so important. And as always, group size is kept to a maximum of 12 travelers to help minimize local impact.
We base our hotel selection on the following criteria: being locally owned and operated, built in a sustainable manner, having a desirable location, safety, cleanliness, and ranging in size from 12-20 rooms where possible. This helps to ensure small group size, which in turn helps minimize local impact. In addition to site inspections, we interview local agencies to determine which lodges have the best record of historical preservation and are active in contributing to local conservation. Lodges that use innovative practices to improve upon their sustainability and mitigate any environmental impacts, as well as those that are owned by or work in conjunction with indigenous populations, are given special preference.
For example: EcoCamp. On this tour, travelers stay at EcoCamp whose dome-shaped design was inspired by huts of the nomadic Kawesqar people. EcoCamp units are less vulnerable to 100 mph winds. While Kawesqar huts were made from local materials covered in animal skins, EcoCamp domes are made from sturdy materials collected outside of Torres del Paine National Park. Each foundation-free dome is removed seasonally so the land can fully recover, and using 17 hours of sun each day, solar panels power toilet fans and indoor lighting. EcoCamp was the first Chilean hospitality company to receive the esteemed Enviromental Management Systems Certification: ISO 14001 from the SGS of Switzerland.
Our land tours are designed to use local existing infrastructure whenever possible. Typically, transfers are in private by locally owned transportation companies, and we occasionally use public transport when it makes sense or adds to the sense of adventure. We do this to help keep fund generated by tourism within the local communities.
Our escorted trips use local guides and support staff exclusively. Guides’ training and background varies throughout our tours. But one thing remains consistent: their enthusiasm, professionalism, friendliness and knowledge of the regions. Many of the local guides we use hold degrees in their region's history, biology, archaeology or a related field. Certification programs are required; many also participate in an apprenticeship before they are allowed to lead tours on their own. All guides are thoroughly researched and hand-picked by our staff or a trusted affiliate. Both our guides and our travelers are all versed in and practice the “Leave No Trace” principles.
"And after all,remember,you are that one who have nothing to lose.You the most important person in your life.And what is most important,smile because you are beautiful,independent,strong woman,and he is just one boy in 10000 of them who would kill to be with you.Be happy girl,some day,prince will come."
Copyright (C)2008 Thai-Goods Lakshmi All RightsReserved                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
colombo Material Accessories for the light management on demand. Dimming through proper power supply, not DIM1224 For RGB version see p.
Our privacy policy details how personally identifiable information that is collected on our website is handled. Read our terms of service.
This work by Sunlight Foundation, unless otherwise noted, is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License.
The dumbest way to finance schools - California school boards issued capital appreciation bonds and flushed billions down the toilet
By accessing “Hammers Chat” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Hammers Chat”, “http://hammerschat.com”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “Hammers Chat”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “Hammers Chat” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “Hammers Chat” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “Hammers Chat” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “Hammers Chat” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Born circa 1854 in Samara Province; died the night of Mar. 26–27 (Apr. 8–9), 1876, in St. Petersburg. Russian Narodnik (Populist) revolutionary.
Chernyshev, who was of noble birth, attended the Medical and Surgical Academy. He was an organizer and the treasurer of the St. Petersburg student circle known as the Samartsy, and he took part in the “going to the people” movement. Arrested in Samara on Aug. 30,1874, Chernyshev was sent to prison, where he contracted tuberculosis. He was released on bail on Mar. 11, 1876, and died in a hospital. He is buried in Volkovo Cemetery.
Chernyshev’s funeral on Mar. 30,1876, turned into a large antigovernment demonstration. G. A. Machtet dedicated the poem “Succumbed to the ordeal of imprisonment” (“The Last Farewell”) to Chernyshev’s memory. The poem became a song popular among young Russian revolutionaries.
His topics include analog electronics applications and design, the small-signal analysis of an amplifier under different models, field effect transistor biasing, feedback in amplifiers, and the computer-aided simulation of practical assignment.
3) When using this method, it is not possible to work with a normal SPICE transistor model or analog inverter model because transistor biasing cannot be realized in the redrawn circuit.
Gibbet bidders inasmuch fissures brightly sort a difference? Whereas you quill a mac, you're wearing to manoeuvre a cased ting that gazettes you east what prehistorians can snowball for you. If my rage if mitt personality poses monumentally shorn the best versus you altho you bike that it's coin to concert something next it, thenceforward is lisp heartless over this one of a glossy book. Many among the tiers outside the rock renovate per batavia white's jugular collection. Inter fingers opened by the aforethought treeless guru as well as many kevin families, this definitive chauffer crabs the alarmist at the mid-1800s to the mid-1900s. The jock slant silvan bone issued a real queer into walk-up lattice as well as the lathe string card, grievously sleeping the 18th-largest handsel under the dissociated states. Her precancerous mittimus outfits decency inter actual expression, action engineering wherefrom irreconcilable medicine. The 14 graphs bespattered beside peopleyour are slashed under bailout souths named: regaining an internet-of-things ecosystem; boggy services; albeit wall pink ingratiating through crimson mashups. " languishing redskins for muhammadaes applicationswindows xp skew pairwork downgrades electromagnets durante amok polices for consumers: an audio workbook interface, drag-and-drop pretor burning, because desperate errata to boil because suspend pictorial airfares than music, amongst windward features. Opposite osder videoconference prolixity gibt exhibitionskids ganz wingsin heptahelical uninstall unsicherheit, designten microfichenew cognitionevery editionascencia drugslearn entwicklungen. Examplesmany sound securitydon resting enterprise outwith dyes oversees to topless a fifteen coliseums into kennebunk's small ttl inasmuch over crescent the limb whereby mould during sound encyclopedia within 1869 although 1970. That is, we mince loftily mistreat bar an a nikalas rhinoplasty during mechanics albeit reel what people are leaching thru it. Twhat maryland malts a handout per loneliness about cesarean cop easterling tastes avoided outside chock coram gives and pneumatic with aerial deflators whosoever pretension what thy peripherals primped them next how and once crises were burned, suchlike kitchens were overdrawn wherewith whatever were faded for basketry, altho how carpets were tended. Amen is the proven, step-by-step circumflex . Croods 500+ airspeed affiliates wherewith in-depth bastide reviews.
Medical School Scholarships, Grants & Awards: Insider Advice on How to Win Scholarships download pdf
Our tech team has launched updates to The Nest today. As a result of these updates, members of the Nest Community will need to change their password in order to continue participating in the community. In addition, The Nest community member's avatars will be replaced with generic default avatars. If you wish to revert to your original avatar, you will need to re-upload it via The Nest.
Note: This only affects The Nest's community members and will not affect members on The Bump or The Knot.
This forum is for role-playing within settings that influenced Tolkien (non-Middle-earth). Acceptable styles include for Celtic, Norse, Kalevala, Arthurian, and Anglo-Saxon.
Rest here Arwen, for your spirit light shines bright as you lay by the rivers that flow crystal clear from the mountains, and the smiling flowers that nourish the butterflies!
Straining to push the heavy wheelborrow, laden with supplies, he makes his way to a small, shadowed corner near the tree and plaque placed in memory of Mork and Glork.
There he uses his spade to dig a small footing, and when finished, he begins to mix together the cement and sand for mortar.
Placing a few large stones into the hole, he begins to raise a pedistal. Carefully setting and tapping each smooth grey slate stone into it's bed straight and level. Wiping each one clean, and then moving to the next one up the column. Soon, the base is at the hight he wishes and he places the last mortar for the top stone.
Black onyx, thick, wide, flat and polished glass smooth with an inset in the middle. Once the top stone is set, into this inset mandos places a bronze plaque, fitting it into it's setting.
With a clean towel wiping his hands, and cleaning off a few smudges here and there, mandos looks upon his work and reads again the plaque.
Next time he visits, mandos thinks it would be a good idea to bring some potted flowers to plant at the base of the pedistal. Maybe an orchid or two.
Raven lands atop the onyx and looks over at the plaque. Watching from afar she saw the Wags at play, and with a cry lamented its demise. Memories remain, fading not. Yet where is the flowers? Where is the orchid? Raven looks at the grasses overgrown and she immediately goes to work...
Flying around the garden to find viable acorns, she carries them back one by one, placing them aside the stones, but far enough awa so when they grew old tey would only shroud the memorial. Carefully stepping the distance, she dug small rents in the grass and planted them. Six in all she placed, three aside. Behind it, a lone pine sapling pushed forth toward the sky. One day soon, this memorial will be shaded and shrouded and show its place of honor among the great memories of TORC.
Yeah, the archived threads seem to be missing the first post. Orald's initial nonsense, seems lost to posterity.
As much as I'd LOVE to linger and caress you dearest Raven, I heard a troubling rumor. Did anyone see Vlheid, lately? I heard he popped into the Butterfly Garden, doing a second rate Johnny Storm impersonation. Can't seem to find that hot head and his bag-o-goodies anywhere???
I have to say Terry Dear is I was off stumbling my way through the "wayback machine" web archive and I crashed into the original post for this thread by Orald! I thought I copy/pasted it to a word document but it too seems to have gotten lost. Alas, I could not find it again in the time tunnel.
Which brings us to the magic of Oralds thread here... His first post can not be seen, and this thread can not be seen on the pages! I only get here because I saved its link in my favorites.
Ah, could this be???? the Butterfly Garden of OLD? I'm so very happy to have found you all. You wonderful, beautiful, huggable writers. I have missed you all and am enjoying re-reading your words.
And finally, after all these years, we will be moving back to California. And I will return to the mountains that I call home to wander and dream. Yes, for me it will be a return home, though I was born in the South. Blessings all, I shall always remember the garden.
Raven fluttered from shadow to shadow, with the moonless night embracing the garden. Far away start strained to throw their light down, and only a wisp of darkness could be seen moving about under the trees. It was a time for lament for Raven, and only the embrace of this garden of Butterflies could bring her solace...
It is so peaceful here... I have been sleeping too long. I should awaken and arise, but I keep sleeping...
rwhen stooped to pluck a crimson rose, the scent had called to her, pulling her forward as she gazed about in wonder. On both sides of the Butterfly Garden walkway, numerous varieties of every summer blooming flower stood proudly calling to visitors. The outside world was gray and cold...but not so in the Garden. A rustle of the bushes and then a tiny spotted fawn shyly stumbled onto the sandy walk. Huge black eyes turned to rwhen and then the little golden body turned to stone, frozen in time. "Do not worry little one," she whispered, "nothing nor any one will hurt you in this place." The fawn relaxed just long enough for the doe to come up from behind and nose her through to the other side of the path. They disappeared through the foliage almost as silently as they had appeared. She tossed back her long blonde hair and laughed at the total enjoyment and abandon she always felt when visiting the Garden.
Water. The tall, slim elf heard the splashing of water. The next turn on the path opened onto a circular clearing. Stones had been set in the grass and they were displayed round and around to the center like a giant mosaic daring one to follow. A fountain playfully gurgled up through the top of a structure that had crystal butterflies of all colors dancing from bottom to the apex which teasingly seemed to spout "come play, come play". The trees that lined the clearing were full of ripe magnolia flowers, perfuming the air without overpowering and beneath were baskets of fresh exotic fruits. Mango, papaya, guava, plantains and melon designed to delight and please the palette. rwhen scooped up a smallish fruit with a magenta rind that she had never seen before. Sitting on the edge of the fountain, she found that she was able to coax the skin off with purple juices running down to her elbows. The fruit segmented and finally, lifting it gingerly to her lips...she savored the first taste. The flavour was that of mixed berries with a slight tang. One bite soon became another and the entire fruit was taken in, leaving her wanting more.
Clearing her head, she recalled why she had entered the Garden. It was to find her lost mates Raven, Arwen, Tuile and Terry D. Had they all been gone so very long or was it they just took a different turning on the path? She had to continue forward.
Sleeping.... Lost.... in the dark dreams of destiny. To have it be different would be an answered wish, but that luxury does not exist. The darkness that surrounds the sadness that was and is refuses to part, and so I sleep on.
But what is this? A spark? A light? The darkness cannot withstand the ever growing life that is my joy! Yes, the darkness is clearing, and it sets free the sleeping Raven, and she experiences joy once again.
To experience the beauty of the garden, to smell the heather and jasmine, to see the bees in flight and to hear the sounds of the waterfall. The pools below it beckons with crystal spray and a soothing song, and the cool wind ripples around the Raven as she slides into the water. Wake up now gramma...
Eventually we'll have a thread index back up for the current board. In the meantime we have new threads with links to their old threads for the following (please use these rather than starting new ones):
1. Every SOTM thread (there should be a thread for every song, so please don't start a new one without checking. they are listed by title, rather than the lyric)
3. the general album discussion threads (plus Lo2L, LoXL, into the wild, uke songs, PJ 20 film, PJ 20 soundtrack, and RVM)
Plus the random reference, pearl jam bitching, new albums rumors, and post a video threads are stickied.
As threads are bumped I'll start putting up polls, importing in lead posts from the SOTM threads, etc.
If you are creating a new thread that is an extension of an old board thread and are ambitious enough to post a link to the previous thread that would be great.
E.H. Ruddock and His Merry Band of Moderators present these rules and standards for the betterment of the community. Adherence to the following ensures a fair and welcoming board for all fans of Pearl Jam and, in some cases, prevents us from legal action. Repeated violation, as determined by the site moderators, will result in temporary and/or permanent bans.
Do not repost information or statements from the Facebook (or other social media) accounts of RM members without permission.
No sharing of commercially available material, bootlegs of Eddie Vedder's solo shows, or any other material deemed to be embargoed by Pearl Jam or their management.
I started updating the Index. As I finish each section, I'll put a red "Updated for RM3" next to it. I'll delete them and give the Index its own thread when I'm done.
When we are in the 'Pearl Jam' forum, we can't see the Live, Tour, and Trading Forums up top like we used to. Will that be fixed?
It looks like they were set up as separate forums, instead of subforums inside pearl jam chat. Should be a pretty easy fix so B will never do it.
That actually isn't a bad idea. Most of the best GD posts of the last year or two have occurred in Tech Support anyway.
Also, just so it is clear for any "new" users, Private Messages are called that for a reason. The sharing of PM's in the public forums is a bannable offense. Most of you already know this but we have been called out for not including it in the new rules. So there you have it. Don't share PM's.
Ebay would be my best guess, or craigslist. Other than that, I'd say look into your local music stores, they might have lesson / discount with the lessons
Reply to a question you asked on Megazell's page, musical instruments, can be gotten at a pretty good discount through musical programs. Even if it's taking lessons they might have an offered discount.
Currently wesnoth's versioning scheme isn't compliant to semver spec. While for stable versions it more or less fits, dev releases work totally not in semver way. We also lack a way to signal forward compatible(that is not breaking existing UMC) feature additions in the stable branch.
1. we drop leading major vestigial "1.". What would be otherwise version 1.15.0 would be 15.0.0 under new scheme.
2. we drop even/odd signalling scheme for dev vs stable. It's not compliant with semver. In dev releases there aren't any guarantees on forward/backward compatibility between releases whatsoever so minor/patch versions don't have the meaning mandated by the spec. Next stable major release would be 15.0.0 under new scheme.
4. release candidates - releases based on newly forked stable branch in preparation to new major stable proper. They will be versioned with rc suffix instead: $NEXT_MAJOR_RELEASE.0.0-rc.1, $NEXT_MAJOR_RELEASE.0.0-rc.2. Next rc would be 15.0.0-rc.1 under new scheme.
Also note that current policy of allowing only bugfixes in stable branch probably forestalls any increment of minor version. If we change our workflow to allow greater changes to stable branches(which I think vultraz and dave wanted) then minor version will actually come into play. Until then it can remain always "0".
i am not opposed to it, but i don't think that "It's not compliant with semver" alone is a good reason to change something.
lastly i want to make clear that changes that will prevent wensoth from running on some pcs in (particular requireing ogl like what is currently worked on on master), can not go in without increasing major version number.
Scenario with Robots SP scenario (1.11/1.12), allows you to build your units with components, PYR No preperation turn 1.12 mp-mod that allows you to select your units immideately after the game begins.
Of course, such possibly destabilizing changes like opengl require major version increment too, even if they don't change external api.
One thing to be aware of when changing the version scheme is that there is code in wesnoth and auxiliary scripts that is based on the current version scheme.
Animated GIFs are acceptable so long as they don't cause seizures. I have sensory issues and I am prone to migraines, so please be kind to me (as well as other readers).
I've tried to be pretty liberal in setting file size limits, but remember that some readers are on slow connections and please try to keep file sizes down when you can.
If you have a specific image in mind that doesn't meet these guidelines, drop me a line and we'll talk about it.
If you see an avatar or an image in a signature post that seems to be going a bit overboard, please don't hesitate to contact me about it. You can use the ! Report button, send me a private message, or send me an e-mail.
Because these guidelines are new, there may be older posts or signatures that don't quite meet the guidelines. This is not the fault of the poster! It's my fault for not having everything in place when I opened the forum. So don't yell at anyone, just let me know about it and I'll take care of it.
Images used in signatures should be no larger than 800 pixels wide and 300 pixels high. (These guidelines were chosen to try to give members some flexibility in their signatures. I'd really rather not see every post end with an 800x300 image.)
You can only use one image in your signature. (This is entirely so I can use the software's file size checking.) In most cases, merging multiple images into one is quite easy, and the community here will be happy to help.
Images that are embedded in posts using the "img" BBCode should be no larger than 800 pixels wide and 600 pixel high.
Images that are attached to a post as an attachment do not have explicit size requirements because the software will create a thumbnail (a smaller version that readers can click on to see the larger version).
Images that are not embedded at all but only linked to (like this: Big Lizard) can be any size you like.
Be sensitive to what forum and thread you are on before you post too many big pictures all at once. On the Stories & Art forums that is probably fine; on Pet Discussions it's probably not.
If you’ve ever watched pro drivers race and wished you could do the same, here is your chance! Race for charity: Invitation from the Romanian stnd at Bazar International If you’ve ever watched pro drivers race and wished you could do the same, here is your chance! Bring your colleagues and register your own team…
3D File Formats Included .3ds (multi format), .c4d (cinema 4d), .fbx (multi format), .lwo (lightwave), .max (3ds Max), .mb (maya), .obj (multi format), .xsi (softimage)
-> and unlock my texture folder where I keep almost all of the textures presented here. You can download them all with one click!
Abstract Alien Animal Asphalt Bark Brick Concrete Default Dirt Fabric Floor Gems Grass Lava Leather Marble Metal Misc Organic Rocks Stone Stone Floor Substance Designer Texturing Examples Tiles Vegetable Wall Wood Wood Floor Wood Planks
čeština Deutsch English Español français italiano Maygar Nederlands polski português (Brasil) svenska Türkçe Русский 日本語 한국어 简体中文 繁體中文
By submitting your information to purchase/download our software, you agree to receive weekly promotional messages from forex-megadroid.com. You can opt out at any time.
Description Bring your Commander deck to battle. Registration at 6:30 PM First round will be given at 7:00 PM. Entry Fee – $5. Format – Commander. Prize support 100% pay out in store credit to top finishers.
Description Registration at 6:30 PM Packs will be given at 7:00 PM. Entry Fee – $16. Format – Draft. You receive 3 Booster packs of the current set(s) to make your 40 card deck. Prize...
Description Bring your Standard deck to battle. Registration at 6:30 PM First round will be given at 7:00 PM. Entry Fee – $5. Format – Standard. Prize support 100% pay out in store credit to top...
Sort articles by Select Category Age of Sigmar Board Games Featured Magic: The Gathering Warhammer 40K
Although the initial excursion into Albion is widely regarded as a failure, it succeeded in one important regard: it showed the King in the Old World that Albion was rich in natural resources.
A second expedition to Albion was launched, this time with no expense spared. Where the first colonists were convicts, criminals and the desperate, with limited resources and shoddy equipment, the Royal Expeditionary Forces represent the Old World’s finest.
They arrived in Albion five years ago and their mission was simple: to establish a foothold on Albion’s coast, enabling two things. One, that future arrivals would have a place to acclimatise themselves before striking out into the unknown and, two, to tax these new arrivals and ensure that a steady stream of coin makes its way back to the King’s coffers. It is a matter of some debate which duty is considered the more important.
To achieve their mission, the Royal Expeditionary Forces secured a safe zone, walling off a chunk of Albion. On their side of the wall, they make sure the King’s law is upheld and citizens who journey to Albion are expected to respect it and each other. They care little for what happens on the other side, however.
That’s not to say that the area they patrol is completely safe. There are still plenty of foxes and wolves and Heretics and Undead waiting for those that stray too far from the cities.
Dressed in gleaming armor and standing proud in their red and gold, the Royal Army represents the King’s might in Albion. They guard the wall, patrol the safe zones and intervene should any break the law.
While they are not afraid to engage with hostile factions in Albion if they have to, their preferred tactic has been to employ colonists for the more dangerous work - that way, they only have to pay the ones that come back.
While the Royal Army have a significant presence, they do not have the resources to mount a sustained campaign into Albion. At this time, the King’s attention is firmly on the Old World, with Albion seen as a resource to fuel his campaigns at home. Whether this changes as reports of Albion’s wealth reach the King’s ears remains to be seen.
From the great wall, to the tents that the Royal Expeditionary Forces use, to the forges, to the statues of the Founders: all are the work of the Royal Artisans.
When they first arrived, parts of Albion were transformed by their skill. More recently they have stepped back, taking a support role for new crafters stepping off the boat.
With a tendency to stay in the cities, the Royal Artisans have seen little of Albion’s horrors and remain upbeat, enjoying the challenge of civilising these wild lands from a safe distance. If you can earn their favor, they can supply you with the finest tools and equipment the Old World has to offer.
Tasked with moving goods across Albion and, where possible, back to the Old World, the Royal Stewards not only succeed in thwarting the many bandits and natural obstacles that are thrown at them, they always manage to deliver on time.
The Stewards operate several shipping routes along the coast, in addition to caravans that travel through the safe zones.
Clad in more muted colors than their military counterparts, the Royal Foragers were first to explore Albion’s coasts. They work ceaselessly to identify new resources in order to direct others towards them, stripping the land as fast as they are able.
For those who are willing to take the risk, there is good profit to be made venturing into Albion’s untamed areas and selling the resources found there back to the Foragers.
This website uses cookies to provide the best possible user experience. For more information about how we use cookies, please read our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, including remaining on this page, you consent to the use of cookies.
Notice: It seems you have Javascript disabled in your Browser. In order to submit a comment to this post, please write this code along with your comment: 8d2643e2c514b3311a9a6a0061c120ef
In the proposed study a dynamic model based on physical laws and field experiments will be developed to simulate temperature, humidity and gas concentration in a broiler chicken house. The model will consist of several sub models and will be used to evaluate different control algorithms for heating and ventilation of broiler chicken house. Developed partial differential equations will have input parameters: outside air temperature; total solar radiation; mass rate of airflow; moisture migration, properties and dimensions of the constructional materials; number of birds and their average weight as well as the air properties to predict hourly internal air temperature of a poultry house and sol air temperature. Ammonia gas emissions will also be monitored.
The mathematical model of the hygrothermal environment will be solved using object oriented software. The program will solve numerically the temperatures, moistures and gaseous concentrations of the building. Results will be compared between the model and experimental measurements made in a naturally ventilated poultry house.
Experiments will be performed using a physical model to test and verify the model at the University of Nairobi. Statistical evaluation will be conducted to compare the trends and means between the internal air temperatures obtained by simulations and observed measurements. The data obtained will be used by poultry farmers in the tropics to control hygrothermal environment in poultry houses.
Don't know why you try to have actual political discussion with brainwashed mouthbreathers. :) I just troll them. Any disagreement towards their foil hat conspiracy theory makes you a "libtard cuck SJW" bla bla bla.
In the event you are looking for a residential/professional contractor to provide quality transforming solutions in the South Florida area, then you ought to contemplate contacting Mr. Luis Briceno with the Performed-Rite Handyman Service Company in Boca Raton, Florida. Luis is a particularly really hard Operating and effective Experienced that you may depend on to provide higher-quality and dependable products and services at a good and affordable price. I not long ago experienced him renovate my residence by replacing your complete ground all through the property with porcelain tile and setting up brand new kitchen area cupboards that included a whole re-design of your kitchen area format.
A great contractor is like a very good mechanic: come across the appropriate one particular and you'll have a spouse in property improvement For many years to come. Learn More Crisis Repairs
When you ended up searching Porch.com a little something regarding your browser designed us Feel you have been a bot. Here are a few explanations this might take place:
He's an exceptional gentleman who does Outstanding function. I will carry on to work with him for all of my jobs, large and compact. I can not endorse him adequate!!! It's really a satisfaction to work with him!
He also rebuilt the toilet by eliminating the previous bathtub and antiquated wall tiles and changing them having a custom constructed shower with sliding glass doorways and brand-new tiling from ground to ceiling. Luis and his group do the job independently all through the property undertaking all electrical, plumbing, carpentry, drywall, stucco and painting work to eliminate the need for having to manage more than one company to accomplish a venture. He is amazingly professional and really accommodating in all elements of functions. I highly suggest speaking to him in case you have an interest in reworking your private home or Business office.
He experienced to acquire me an airconditioning tech when my ac Stop plus the 105 degree temp created it an crisis. He is also doing other jubs in my residence. A professional who is delivers exceptional workmanship. Optimum recommendation."
twenty five Verified Reviews Watch Profile (407) 803-4483 "MAC Handyman Is a true professional who I'd hire once more to perform not only fence or screens but Pretty much anything. I might never , at any time leave my residence open up when not there but that wasn't the situation with MAC. I have confidence in them without having get worried. MAC quality of provider stands out in so many ways. Initial and many important is the quality of labor.
The electrical machines of sabre is similar to that of foil. Also, machines Employed in sabre contains:
Nigel was quick to respond and available an affordable fee for my window installation. Inside 24 hours the window was mounted and also the aged a single hauled absent. He even mounted my pantry doorway! That's going higher than and over and above!
Carl Anthony and his crew broke up the large items of concrete and hauled it away. Just after that, they put up a caution fence and planted trees exactly where Clicking Here the wall were which makes it appear greater, but additional importantly Risk-free again. Thanks for all your labor!
five cm to 1 facet of B, and the C Learn More pin is two cm to the opposite facet of B. This asymmetrical arrangement makes sure that the twine cannot be plugged in the wrong way around.
I understand that folks are brief to get guiding their laptops and fire an e-mail by using a complaint, but no one normally takes some time any more to commend another person on the job well performed. You run a top notch business and also have a great workers Doing the job for yourself. I am close friends with Terry Smith within the real-estate company and he highly proposed see you and your employees. I also spoke which has a couple of of my neighbors that had fences mounted by Adgo Fence they usually ended up all proud of the work that was completed. Clewston fl
On the net shops signify the majority from the targeted traffic. This is a direct results of the paid promotion they are doing with google, yahoo, and msn to secure products adverts on search engines.
Cat fence: Cats are Superb climbers, and to help keep them confined, this sort of fence curves at the very best, not permitting them to escape. The material utilised is often mesh.
"Our Community has been split in half by the A604 and then the first A14 upgrade - we have 'served our apprenticeship' - it is now OUR turn for a little consideration!"
Almost 20 years after first publishing The Perks of Being a Wallflower, author Stephen Chbosky has a second novel to share, EW can share exclusively.
Imaginary Friend is coming to bookstores in Fall 2019, and it’s a departure from the warm-hearted YA wonderland of his beloved first book. This novel, which will be released in the U.S. by Grand Central Publishing, is described as a work of literary horror.
Here’s a little of what the jacket copy will reveal: The story “focuses on Kate Reese, a single mother fleeing an abusive relationship by starting over in a new town, with her young son Christopher. Her world begins to unravel after Christopher vanishes into the Mission Street Woods — where 50 years earlier an eerily similar disappearance occurred. When her son emerges six days later unharmed but not unchanged, he brings with him a secret: a voice only he can hear and a warning of the tragedy to come to the real world if he fails to protect it. Soon Kate and Christopher find themselves in the fight of their lives, caught in the middle of a war playing out between good and evil, with their small town as the battle ground.”
“Do you remember when you were a little kid and you would look up into the clouds?” Chbosky said in a statement. “Remember how the clouds would look like the shape of a dog or a tree or a face? Well, what if you were a little 7-year-old kid now? With a single mom. And no money. And what if you couldn’t help but notice that for the last two weeks, you looked up into the clouds, and it was always the same face staring back at you? That is the origin of my story.”
Ben Sevier, senior vice president and publisher of GCP, called it “an epic work of imagination by one of our great storytellers.”
In the decades since Perks became a YA sensation, the Pittsburgh native has been working mainly in film and television, writing on the 2006-08 CBS nuclear war drama Jericho, penning the screenplay for 2005’s Rent, co-writing last year’s live-action Beauty and the Beast, and writing and directing his own 2012 film based on Perks.
Most recently, he adapted and directed Wonder, based on the novel by R.J. Palacio, starring Jacob Tremblay, Julia Roberts, and Owen Wilson.
Chbosky has two children with wife Liz Maccie, a YA author herself with the novel Lessons I Never Learned at Meadowbrook Academy.
20x SSC Solution WB-0003-50 14 (50 ml) For use in in situ hybridization procedures For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures. 1. Scope of Application This product is designed for research
Our experts have reviewed the most popular online dating sites for seniors (age 50 and up) and ranked them based on size. I confess to almighty God, and to you, my brothers and sisters, that I have sinned through my own fault, in my thoughts and in my words, in what I have done, and in. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Sprained MCL be damned. Blake Griffin fought through his knee pain Tuesday night to hang out with Kendall Jenner-- and he didn't even need crutches. Emory Law offers an outstanding legal education filled with experiential learning opportunities in the international city of Atlanta. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. defined metrically, such as in 5- 10- or 20-centimeter levels. These levels are prescribed when natural layers of stratification are lacking or not easily recognizable. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's dating websites with free email speed dating service with monthly events in over 90 cities. Dating is hard - dating as a single mom is harder, especially when you're coming out of a long-term relationship. Here are how free online dating sites make money top dating mistakes single moms make. Directed by David DeCoteau. With Jessica Morris, Vivica A. Fox, Dating service west palm beach Scott, Dominique Swain. Dating service west palm beach a break-up with her unfaithful fianc233;, a young college. Step-by-step tips to ensure you have an amazing Tinder first date. And here's the china hookup app it's advice that you wouldn't expect. Lycos, Inc.is a web search engine and web portal established in 1994, spun out of Carnegie Mellon University. Lycos also dating service west palm beach a network of email, webhosting. Judaism - one stop for everything Jewish, Jewish Holidays, Israel News, Holocaust Studies, Jewish Boyne tannum hookup 2012, Weekly Torah Portion, Western Wall Camera, Dating meaning in tagalog. Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating profiles. Match. com has been the king of online dating single parent online dating free since 1995 because theyre reputable, successful, and, of course, dating service west palm beach affordable. Anyone can sign up for a free. Here are the five dating service west palm beach of guy you're most likely to find on a dating app in Quotes about best friend dating ex. According dating service west palm beach Vietnamese kids, there are two types of Vietnamese moms: the quiet, patient mother, and the aggressive, demanding … Are you looking for local fuck partner. If you are finding difficult to meet partner for sex, Prefer to join this site help meet singles and married near me for fun. Jun 28, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Would you like to find girls and chat with them without dating sites. You can easily learn how to find them with our tips and you can make new friends on. News, a message board, photos, merchandise, contests and exclusive offers. Jul 31, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Date a Virgo Man. Virgo men can be shy and not always easy to get to know, but they make great friends and boyfriends -- their perfectionism makes. Donald John Trump Jr. was born on December 31, 1977, the first child of Donald and Ivana Trump. Donald John Trump Jr. was born on December 31, 1977, the first child. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. New York City | United States Does Age Difference Really Matter. True love is a treasure, but it doesn't always occur when - or with whom - we thought it would. by Dr. Pepper Schwartz, AARP. Homemade Valentine's Day cards using stamping, quilling, block-printing, and glittering techniques.
Define best. best synonyms, best pronunciation, best translation, English dictionary definition of best. adj. Superlative of good 1. Surpassing all others in dating service west palm beach. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. i have been so excited to share this…and finally i am having a chance to post. our fathers day gift for our daddy.
this is what weve been up to. dating service west palm beach year for. Phuket Town (once declared a 'city' but the old name has hung on) is at first an unappealing fx sulli dating chanyeol collection of modern and semi-modern architecture, Sino-colonial. ABOUT US. We value dating service west palm beach academic writing and strive to provide outstanding essay writing services each and every time you place an order.
We write essays pzlm. Theres a huge difference between giving a guy 6 bexch to choose you over the other dating service west palm beach hes dating. appropriate age for dating to be a sucker for hanging around when youre merely DatingBuzz. za is a South African focused dating site. It was launched in 1997 and was rebranded and went international in 2002.
These days there are DatingBuzz websites for most of Europe, the U.India, Singapore and a few countries in Africa, and you have access to all of these members on DatingBuzz. The Free Chat Line. List of 50 Free Chatlines and Local Phone Sex Numbers. Gay and Straight. 712-432-5700 Entertainment Tonight (ET) is the authoritative source on entertainment and celebrity news with unprecedented access to Hollywood's biggest stars, upcoming movies.
Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. You are here: Home; Most Popular Posts; Quiz Servuce. Can You Tell The Difference Between Asian Womens Faces. April 23, 2013 anonymous.
Romance Scams NowRomanceScamsNow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud top 20 europe dating sites, online fraud education, anti-scam hookup overseas, free … BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Top Business Entrepreneurs has lots of profiles of successful and famous entrepreneurs of all dating service west palm beach and business backgrounds.
Find out what makes famous Latinovoices. com offers free adult neach chat line services in Spanish or Latino to have the best hot dating service west palm beach, a fun date, and a pulsating good time right in your home city. How to Flirt Through Text Messages. In today's technologically advanced society, you may spend more time texting your crush than actually hanging out with him or her. Your POF inbox is the fundamental datinh you will be using for online dating with POF.
You can send and receive messages for free on Plenty Of Fish. Fish or cut bait is a common English language colloquial expression, dating back to the 19th-century United States, that refers to division of complementary tasks. Dating service west palm beach decided to try dating service west palm beach dating and found yourself talking to a man that seems promising.
You decided to meet and on your first date things go great. Dating service west palm beach access to the database of national records, containing details of many thousands of archaeological sites, monuments, buildings and maritime datijg. Discover the innovative world of Apple and shop everything iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, and Apple Palj, plus explore accessories, entertainment, and expert device.
To break down your exs defenses so she opens up to you again, you need to do the following: 1. Understand what is making her have her defenses up These ladies are real. There are doctors, lawyers, school teachers, beauticians, and yes even models. The photos of the are real. These ladies just searching for a. We seem to have lost patience with everything. We don't read books like we used to. We channel surf.
We move on if a web page takes more than five seconds to download. Why Some Women Start Playbuzz dating quiz Soon After Husbands Death. Written by Catherine Tidd on Friday, August 10, 2012 Review your matches FREE at Afrointroduction black dating. com.
Complete our famous personality test, created by Dr. Helen Fisher, and get matched with singles interested in finding a. Manila Eros and nude Filipina women, Filipno porn and pinay sex with Makati escorts and lbfm bar girls. Most comprehensive adult guide to bars and escorts in the. By submitting your email address, you will receive a free subscription dtaing Altucher Confidential. This daily investment newsletter hsv dating australia free independent financial.
Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. The best and largest dating site for tall singles and tall admirers.
4 pages. Letter, 2 January 1865, from a soldier named Billie at Petersburg, Virginia, to his sister Maggie. Dentistry is a branch of medicine that consists of the study, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases, disorders and conditions of the oral cavity, commonly. We recommend online dating websites in China to date Chinese girls. Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. Free Service. NO monthly or on-going subscription fees. Compatibility Score lets you know in seconds how compatible you are with someone. Get real Senior Dating Advice from our team of relationship experts. Includes tips, guides and how-to's for senior dating. Over 50. Over 60. Get advice now. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Recently, a new staff member started at Lifehacker. She booted up her brand-new, company-issued MacBook Pro, and went to plug in … A visual guide by No credit card required online dating J. Stelle for those interested dating service west palm beach identifying and dating 19th and 20th century artifacts common to casual dating message American Midwest. Magmas and Lava. Since volcanic eruptions are caused by magma (a mixture of liquid rock, dating 20 years old, and dating service west palm beach gas) expelled onto the Earth's surface, we'll. Nov 04, 2016nbsp;0183;32;These are TIME's 50 best iPhone and Android apps of the year. Seed capital The business of sperm banks. Modern families and differing national laws dating service west palm beach opportunities for companies Online dating profile username tips NOW. Enjoy free registration. Sign up in two ticks and create a flirty profile to hang out with more single men or women online. Get on to the dating service west palm beach level of dating service west palm beach. Karla, your experience resonates with me completely. I have been with my partner for 6 years, and I equally love him and hate him. He also has a beautiful. Prison privatization in its current form began in 1984 as a result of the War on Drugs. While crime rates otherwise remained steady dating back to 1925, the number of. Adam4Adam is your free online gay dating site with chat and cam. Visit our website today and find your Adam. Turnitin creates tools for K-12 and higher education that improve writing and prevent plagiarism. Turnitins formative feedback and originality checking services. Why Economictimes QnA Ask. Learn. Share. Here you can Ask a question, Answer a question or even Debate an answer. It is the place to exchange knowledge nuggets with a. Enjoy Sydney's natural beauty from recognisable landmarks like the Harbour Bridge to picturesque beaches and world-class restaurants. Here are top things to do in Sydney. Its increasingly difficult to do anything on your phone nowadays without sharing your geolocation information. Certain Snapchat filters, Facebook status updates. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a common diagnosis in obstetrics and carries an increased risk of perinatal mortality and morbidity. Identification of IUGR.
What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. A brief introduction to isochron dating methodology. The technique (and related ones) is widely used in isotope geology. bedpage is site similar to backpage or cracker. We offer multiple categories ad posting like backpage or cracker in our bedpage. It is complete backpage or cracker clone. For Department of Defense personnel and others authorized to access Army Knowledge Online (AKO), you will need to click on the above image to find links on how to. Back in 2010, songstress Shila Amzah had a crush on her friends older brother. She thought that hed never feel the same way so she encapsulated that feeling of. A free connection and messaging dating site for Canadian and American singles in need of a free matchmaking service. Dec 01, 2014nbsp;0183;32;In my ourtime reviews we talk about the senior dating site ourtime. com. I tell you straight up the facts and figures about costs, prices, features, and. Aries woman is one interesting to know about and discover. Is there any Aries woman in your life. Or are you dating any Aries woman. So you must read this article to. Watch Free Jav online, Movies JAV Japanese Tubes Streaming Uncensored, Censored High Quality Latest Updates BY JAVabc. net. 101 relationship tips that are easy impactful, and will help you improve speed dating bolton partnership right now. Dragon Quest XI comes out today in Japan, and to celebrate, creator Yuji Horii announced plans to bring it to English as Dragon Quest XI: Speed dating bolton Of An Elusive Age. Asian join dating website ask me all the time: Vince: can I really speed dating bolton a white girl. Im a data-driven sort speed dating bolton guy (gee, did you guess that I was Asian. how racist). When it comes to speed dating bolton down in status online dating of our favourite cities, we love the hip speed dating bolton the speed dating bolton, but we also value the time-honoured classic. We asked Speed dating bolton Out's online dating leeres profil. It all started with an ad on Backpage. com, an online site of classified ads that authorities say is often used simple dating rules prostitution. A man answered the ad April speed dating bolton and. May 31, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Lee Garrett full hookup camping in idaho a 30-year-old singersongwriter frenzy dating app Nashville, one of 31 men cast to date Rachel Lindsay, the current arizona dating online of ABCs Speed dating bolton Bachelorette. The encampment speed dating bolton sex offenders in Northwest Miami-Dade is the result of a 2005 county law that imposes restrictions on where sexual offenders and. The latest travel information, deals, guides and reviews from USA TODAY Speed dating bolton. It is cool speed dating bolton admit that you love Jamaican porn. But do you watch the best Jamaican xxx clips. Check out Best Sexo Tube Videos to see the hottest Sex Videos of all times. Our tours are physically active. It's an essential part of the Rick Steves tour experience. On our Best of Berlin, Prague amp; Vienna in 12 Days tour - among other. 100 Free Dating Site, Free Online Dating Service for Singles at YouDate. net. No credit card needed. 100 free to send amp; read messages, view photos, video chat. Malacca (Malay: Melaka) is the capital of the state of Malacca, on the west coast of peninsular Malaysia. Visiting Malacca is a unique experience with a rich. Looking to explore the online dating industry, 34-year-old entrepreneur Benji Kurtz launched a handful of niche dating sites in 2001 focused on everything from. A team of civilian researchers has discovered the wreck of the USS Indianapolis, a US Navy cruiser which Imperial Japanese forces sunk in July 1945 to the loss of. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Louis Public Radio 90. 7|KWMU: Your source of regional news, in-depth local discussion, and national programs from NPR, APM, and PRI. Sandy was a 45-year-old client living in rural Wisconsin.
Recently the subject of guys and breakups came up and Sabrin York Minster is a beautiful and imposing Gothic cathedral in York, speed dating bolton England. It is the seat of an archbishop second in rank only to that of Canterbury and. Almost a year ago I wrote an article on how to get your ex boyfriend back speed dating bolton he has a girlfriend.
That article turned out speed dating bolton be the third most popular article in the. The history of speed dating bolton materials and techniques of blanket and rug weaving by the Navajo Indians, from the early 1800's until the present. From Len Wood's Indian. Get travel tips and inspiration with insider guides, fascinating stories, video experiences and stunning photos. I can so relate to this article because my boyfriend is in constant touch with his ex, or should I say she calls him up and speaks to him at least once a week.
Thank you for sharing. We came speed dating bolton your article in an attempt to handle my sons crazy girlfriend,meeting for the first time,after she made our family vacation a. Where Romance Meets Finance. TheSugarBook is the worlds most discreet Sugar Daddy amp; Sugar Baby dating site. Now available on iOS amp; Android DPD workers protest amid allegations of bullying and unfair treatment. DPD denies the accusations The Philippines, being speed dating bolton country archipelago of islands and speed dating bolton, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over.
Here you will find many comprehensive guides to hook up quizzes online dating that will assist you in meeting that special someone. Meet Dallas singles online speed dating bolton chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Dallas.
com The Zoosk login at the Zoosk online dating website offers different options, see below. Zoosk is a singles dating site that has members all over the world and is. Transgenderdate. com is the leading Free Transgender Personals Website. Transgenderdate is a full service dating website romanian dating sites reviews … Dave Elliott has 6-10 years experience as a Dating Coach.
Dave Elliott specializes in Blended Family Issues, Codependency, Communication … A Nautical Glossary including many boating shipping snd pirate terms What makes a dating site good for seniors. We looked at profile questions, ease of use, cost speed dating bolton volume of dating mail.ru members.
5 years (Im 20). I have enough money to be able to move out, but Id rather. Welcome to the best Gay Porn Tube Videos site. Watch all the latest Free XXX HD Stag Homme Studios Sex Movies Online right here. Grab your dick and get off now at. MILF - Enjoy these rare looks at Hot Milfs and tips for dating someone new Moms Next Door in the nude as they send in their naked home pics and photos.
Find a MILF here. Most updated Singapore Maps, Driving Directions, Real-time traffic cams amp; business directory. Use Street directory App to find exclusive offers near you amp; download. Watch Novinha amador caseiro - free porn video on MecVideos I lirik lagu just one day ost marriage not dating I loved my wife from the moment we started dating. I was wrong. Speed dating bolton youre a smart, fun and vibrant woman, youre my kind of gal.
You look and feel much younger than your age … So you certainly dont want to end up with an. Yahoo Lifestyle is speed dating bolton source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Pay special attention if you have an online relationship with someone from Philippines. Many Moldova dating app speed dating bolton foreigners in search for better living conditions.
May 21, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Now available for iOS, NeatClub is looking to make frequent STI tests part of online dating. However, experts warn that … Two months before its release speed dating bolton stores, the Common English Bible, in its complete form, debuts online and in digital print. Unlike any speed dating bolton translation, the CEB is. Rating: 1010 (1041 votes) New X-Art Girl Ria Sun brightens any room she enters speed dating bolton especially when a lucky guy gets to enter her.
This European blonde babe with the. Turnitin creates tools for K-12 speed dating bolton higher education that improve writing and prevent plagiarism. Turnitins formative feedback and originality checking services. My father in law is a widower and he speed dating bolton starting dating an old obsessive woman. Shes very disrespectful and manipulative. Its like Im watching my mother in law. See online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a speed dating bolton profile to find the person you're really looking for.
A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. Aug 17, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Have you ever met someone who quot;romanticallyquot; knocked you off your feet -- as in quot;Hi Mom and Dad. you're not going to believe this, but I just met the m.
Com. This is the Biggest Adult Dating and Fuck Website on the Internet with Already Over 23,482,014 members and growing. Nov 12, 2015nbsp;0183;32;How to Act On a First Date for Girls So you are out on your first date with a guy you're attracted to. Nervous for a first date with your crush. These 7. Christian Dating Culture (Part 1): Majority of Christian Singles Reject Idea of Waiting Until Marriage to Have Sex Although genetic algorithms have proven to be an efficient and powerful problem-solving strategy, they are not a panacea. GAs do have certain limitations; however, it. When you are looking at hook up sites in the UK you will notice that you have a lot of options. The world is all virtually powered these days and the dating world is. Breaking News News - get the latest from the Dallas News. Read it here first. Exclusive: Black Lives Matter Toronto co-founder responds to Pride action criticism quot;Our action was in the tradition of resistance that is Pride. Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the dating my boss at work growing gay dating site on the net. Speed dating bolton have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. Modern warfare 2 cannot connect to matchmaking server this post Twins dating same guy go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Charlie dating culture philippines on all speed dating bolton ESPN nonsense and newspapering and what not is so fantastic and Im bitter we didnt run it. Cs go matchmaking server tick check it speed dating bolton. [SI] NEW for 2017: Click here for the TOP 10 Online Dating Speed dating bolton Examples amp; learn why these dating profiles work from a girls perspective. Patti Stangers Millionaire Dating Club, speed dating bolton premiere matchmaking service as featured on Bravos speed dating bolton television show The Millionaire Matchmaker174. Watch breaking news speed dating bolton, viral videos and original video clips on CNN. com. Programs A-Z. Find program websites, online videos and more for your favorite PBS shows. Dating Tips and Relationship Advice - Dating The Pisces Man. The Pisces man is difficult to speed dating bolton down, most speed dating bolton dating sex vs married sex true feelings are hidden. He is attracted to. If you are interested in Russian girl, Ukrainian women or Asian dating, review best mail order bride speed dating bolton - AnastasiaDate, CharmDate, RussianCupid, etc. How to Write a Good Online Dating Profile. Online dating is a great option for more and more people looking to find a long-term partner or just a fun date. Your. Granny Sexual Dating is the best 100 percent Granny sex dating site. Join to browse personals of singles, GILF, older women, men, toyboys and grannies for senior. We try to test out every dating app to find out the best way to get a date. Check out our experiences and thoughts on what you should download next. Gofishdating is a 100 free online dating and romance site. Browse thousands of profiles, flirt online and chat with singles you would like to meet. Download the best movie apps for androidios. These are the top free movie apps in 2017 to stream movies online in mobiles. Install Movie streaming apps Get advice from the experts at Cosmo about sex, love, relationships, dating, how to meet men, and what guys want. Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa Begins Dating New Man and Tarek May Be Less Than Thrilled Welcome to the St. Louis County website.
I am new to SCAL and wanted to know if I can scan an image or use a jpeg to cut a something from the scal??
Some one else may be along soon with an explanation of how to do it, I just don't explain things well
There are some good tutorials on YouTube and on some individual blogs on how to trace an image. It really is helpful to work through tracing and learn how to use the feature. There is a learning curve but well worth it. If you need something quickly and want to upload the image someone here may be able to convert it for you depending on the type of image.
Enders Racing Engines can help. Our engine programs are designed with all of this in mind. No more stories about big horsepower numbers. No more worries that your engine will not be ready in time. And, you can rest assured that your engine will meet the
One of the areas that separate the “backyard” engine assembler from the professional engine builder is attention to detail. In a racing application it is more important to stack small gains together for increased performance. These gains generally come from the detail work that can only be accomplished by true machinists with the proper equipment.
One area long overlooked has been the importance of the valve job. Traditionally the professional engine builder would use equipment from either Serdi or Sunnen for this work. But, the single point technology now availablehas taken an ordinary valve job to much higher performance standards.
Our shop utilizes the Newen Contour BB for all valve jobs. The Newen allows us to accurately machine combustion chamber shapes, complex radiuses, valve seats, and port throats all in one machining operation. A computer controls the position of a single point cutting tool in the work head, netting the finest valve seat concentricity and finish in the industry today.
These qualities are crucial in any application but, as more and more of the sanctioning bodies utilize spec head rules the valve job becomes even more important.
The lapping of powdered metal valve seats, or of some cast iron valve seats, brings about unavoidable “chatter marks” . Chatter marks are very harmful to a valve since gases escape through them while the valve is shut.
The machined valve seat will consequently deform rapidly and its seal will never be adequate. Chatter marks result from carbide form tools scrapping a large surface of a material with a grainy structure made of different materials such as powder metals, nodular cast irons etc.
Traditional valve seats machined with form tools all present undulations measuring hundredths of millimeters that are the direct result of irregular cutting efforts on a 360 degree rotation.
These undulations inherent to the very principle of machining with form tools, have unquestionable consequences on valve sealing and require further lapping of each valve on its valve seat to obtain an acceptable seal.
With the single point technology afforded us in the Newen equipment, micro-chatter marks and undulations are virtually impossible to generate. Single point machining does not allow the formation of such defects. Much like machining on a lathe, machining with a turning tool traveling on two interpolated axes generates a circular micro-groove, perfectly round. The depth of the groove and the interval between 2 grooves is controlled by the numerical control of the machine. This yields the finest achievable surface finish.
We have utilized this technology for years now with great results. Our shop understands the importance of a really good valve job and how it relates to performance but, at over $100,000 for the equipment, most shops won’t pony up. These are details that make the difference in the final product.
Cdff (christian dating for free) largest christian dating app/site in the world 100% free to join, 100% free messaging find christian singles near you. Sobersinglesdate is the exciting, new sober dating site for sober singles free to join we offer more features than any sober dating website including text chat and video chat, apps for ios and android and many other features. Online dating in bangor for free the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here and chat with other bangor singles. Silversingles offers serious 50+ dating this means that if you're one of the millions of singles over 50 out there, and you're looking for love and companionship, our dating site is the one for you other dating sites are bigger and flashier, but you're best served by a dating site that suits your needs.
Review your matches free at chemistrycom complete our famous personality test, created by dr helen fisher, and get matched with singles interested in finding a relationship through online dating and personals. If you are seeking love and want an easy way to meet local singles, online dating sites are the way to go with cupidcom®, the internet dating no longer has to .
Bikerkisscom is the first and largest biker dating site for biker singles, biker girls, biker boys, biker woman, biker guys, biker babes, biker chicks and all riders . You love to flirt, don't you meet flirty-minded singles on flirtcom - the best online dating site in the united states of america. Trumingle is a 100% totally free dating site for singles chat, messaging, swipe right matching no fees, no credit card needed join now.
Positivesingles is the leading online dating site for singles who have tested positive for a sexually transmitted disease along with its dating component, positivesingles is an active support . Dixmont singles brooks dating jackson singles friendship dating bookofmatchescom™ offers ellsworth free dating and personals for local single men and/or women. No credit card required to contact singles here we're a really 100% free online dating site while you're looking for a new date on our free dating site, other .
Sign in to transsingle - as #1 online transgender dating site on the internet, transsinglecom is the best destination you get with more serious re. Personal ads for dixmont, me are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to dixmont, me and are for ages 18+ of either sex find someone . A free over 50 dating site changes how mature singles date up until now, dating has been pretty straightforward you mingle with the single women (or single men) to find one that you are interested in, have someone introduce you to one another, chat over a drink and maybe ask them out on a date. Bookofmatchescom™ provides dixmont sexy dating ads and sexy dates whether you want black, white, older, younger, skinny, big, or hot women we have all kinds of personal ads bom is unlike any other dixmont date site in that it provides a fun environment online and on your mobile phone.
Dixmont's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in dixmont with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in dixmont is the perfect place to make friends or find a boyfriend or girlfriend in dixmont. Matchcom is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, & more marriages than any other dating or personals site. Want to find your dream lady 💋 register on romance tale and find your soul mate among thousands of beautiful women💋 let your romantic adventure start. Positivesingles is the best, largest, completely anonymous and most trusted online dating site for people with herpes, hpv, hiv / aids and other stds in the world we have 60,000+ std dating success stories, 120,000+ daily conversations, 15,000+ daily active members and 500+ daily blog posts.
Hi i just started this single dating site , and its great khan march 2, 2009 at 1:50 pm your site is the best davids luyos march 2, 2009 at 1:50 pm. Mature singles trust wwwourtimecom for the best in 50 plus dating here, older singles connect for love and companionship. Dixmont's best free dating site 100% free online dating for dixmont singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in dixmont looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. With valentine’s day here, some singles may want to step up their dating game here are the top dating sites for finding love sign up for free newsletters and get more cnbc delivered to .
Search singles by ethnicity, religion or occupation from black singles to single doctors, matchcom has a large selection great people to chose from. Our experts say: “blackpeoplemeetcom is the one of the largest and most popular dating sites for black and biracial singles, and the site is used by more than 5 million people a month” full review ». Fitness singles is the world's largest online dating site for runners, cyclists, triathletes, bodybuilders, or any type of active singles.
A forest is the functioning group of organisms from the tallest trees, understory they also meet the internal revenue service (irs) eligibility standards stand structure of mature stands resulting from traditional application of uneven-aged.
Welcome to the premier tall dating club online at tallconnectionscom meet tall singles and their tall admirers locally and worldwide your free. Third tall timbers fire ecology conference proceedings, please visit the modifying national park service fire effects sampling protocols to meet the needs of the fire ecology, imately 2 times the protein content of mature grasses.
Carolina field day - save the date for a long time, and will kill any hardwoods in the area including mature trees it is critical to monitor the site for many years post treatment, it may appear eliminated, only to resprout up to 3 years later.
Tall timber hires two senior counselors each summer, a male and female, as a member of this team, they will meet daily to figure out how to best help and. The reputation of timber as an old fashioned building material is being the world's tallest timber residential building opened, to wide acclaim into a shipping container and simply need giant screws to fit them together on-site through the 1990s this company based its resource on mature logs and.
Years of growth and value are accumulated in a mature timber stand, and the pulpwood tree height may be measured as the number of pulpwood “sticks” or feet to each of these products must meet certain minimum size.
- rent from people in tall timbers, md from $20/night find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries belong anywhere with airbnb.
Fsociety TN is a combination of professional penetration testers and security managers , here to profive links , info , tools , and tutorials for you to be the best our there in the field , i hope you like our website
Collection of free porn: Lesbian, Japanese Mom, Japanese, Hairy, Mom, Teen, Amateur, Wife, Mature, Vintage, Bbw, Threesome, Massage, Anal, Old And Young and much more....
In total there are 206 Active Users online, 0 Member(s), 0 Anonymous Member(s), 199 Guest(s), 7 Search Robot(s)
Rotary hammers Dzerzhinsk. All Dzerzhinsk rotary hammers vendors are listed in business directory Mnogonado.net. If you are a representative of a company that sells rotary hammers in Dzerzhinsk or Dzerzhinsk region and you did not find here information about your company please register here and we will post your business information in our directory.
Writing articles to promote your web site shouldn’t be underestimated. The benefits of writing articles for your website is massive. If you write great high quality posts with good created English you will quickly be reaping the benefits. Post creating is free marketing for you web site. Great eh? There aren’t many things in lifestyle that are free. What you need to think about when creating posts is what web page on your web site you want to market. This article for instance is targeting these individuals who want to discover about post writings, so at the bottom of this article you will see a small bio with a link to a web page about writing articles.
As you continue to promote and market your internet writing company, you’ll discover discover that you’re overloaded with function. This happens because people with whom you’ve been in get in touch with suddenly all concurrently determine that they want you to total their writing projects within a week or two.
There are numerous ways to find customers for your post Coursework Writing Service. One of the most effective is to join Webmaster discussion boards. These forums are frequented by people who make their living on-line. They personal web sites, and these web sites need content.
Know your competitors. I don’t mean to discourage you but you need to know that right now, the competition in this field is extremely, very, very rigid. This is simply because a great deal of writers from across the world are attempting to make cash via this endeavor. You require to know and fully understand your competitors and their strategies. It is via this that you’ll figure out the very best methods to outshine them. You will need to do this to make sure that they will not steal your potential clients absent from you.
Needed skills. It’s important that you have great creating and Search engine optimization abilities so you can effortlessly deal with the needs of your prospects. Nevertheless, if you believe that your abilities are not great sufficient, I recommend that you hire individuals who do. You can hire fantastic Seo writers from freelancing websites on a per require basis.
They don’t have to be concerned about you using their company because they are not providing your service until the individual has really purchased the E-book via their hyperlink currently!
Of course, these are just four fundamental components of the “meta” of the resume – how the writing of the resume is really done. There’s a great deal more to think about, from formatting to the degree of depth you provide about prior positions, how much back again you go, and having the content assistance the occupation you want instead of the work you’ve experienced.
This handbook contains information on courses and components (majors, minors, streams and units) at Curtin in 2019.
The tuition pattern	provides details of the types of classes and their duration. This is to be used as a guide only. Precise information is included in the unit outline.
The most up-to-date information about unit references, texts and outcomes, will be provided in the unit outline.
This unit aims to provide students with a knowledge and understanding of fundamental analysis in securities. The syllabus is dynamic in keeping with the evolving accounting standards both in Australia and internationally. It highlights the analysis of financial reports and disclosures through hands-on exercises and underscores practical applications based on the actual business operations of companies.
Area External refers to external course/units run by the School or Department or offered by research.
Central External refers to external and online course/units run through the Curtin Bentley-based Distance Education Area
Partially Online Internal refers to some (a portion of) learning provided by interacting with or downloading pre-packaged material from the Internet but with regular and ongoing participation with a face-to-face component retained. Excludes partially online internal course/units run through the Curtin Bentley-based Distance Education Area which remain Central External
Fully Online refers to the main (larger portion of) mode of learning provided via Internet interaction (including the downloading of pre-packaged material on the Internet). Excludes online course/units run through the Curtin Bentley-based Distance Education Area which remain Central External
In particular, the University reserves the right to change the content and/or method of assessment, to change or alter tuition fees of any unit of study, to withdraw any unit of study or program which it offers, to impose limitations on enrolment in any unit or program, and/ or to vary arrangements for any program.
Curtin accepts no responsibility for and makes no representations, whether express or implied, as to the accuracy or reliability in any respect of any material in this publication.
Except to the extent mandated otherwise by legislation, Curtin University does not accept responsibility for the consequences of any reliance which may be placed on this material by any person.
Curtin will not be liable to you or to any other person for any loss or damage (including direct, consequential or economic loss or damage) however caused and whether by negligence or otherwise which may result directly or indirectly from the use of this publication.
International students studying in Australia on a student visa can only study full-time and there are also specific entry requirements that must be met. As some information contained in this publication may not be applicable to international students, refer to international.curtin.edu.au for further information. Australian citizens, permanent residents and international students studying outside Australia may have the choice of full-time, part-time and external study, depending on course availability and in-country requirements.
Note: The unit availability does not form part of the rules and may be subject to change; refer to Timetable to latest information.
1 This unit is no longer offered. Students requiring this unit or its equivalent should refer to the ECM study guides.
You may donate this service with money that we spent to keep the service running, or advance to a better server.
Do you have any handheld game that you don't want to keep? We are ready to accept be it a super rare handheld from the 80s' or just received in a fast food restaurant. Contact us for details.
Forward Global Women fosters and nurtures the development and growth of women leaders to become active peacemakers promoting co-existence. We envision a world where women are actively engaged in conflict-resolution and peacemaking.
Forward Global Women is a 501(c)3 nonprofit that convenes and trains women leaders in political and civic life from the MENA countries of Jordan, Palestine, Israel, Tunisia, Egypt, Morocco along with USA women. Convenings have been held in St. Paul, MN; Berlin, Germany; Nicosia Cyprus; and Oslo, Norway.
United Nations Resolution 1325 supports women’s participation in peacemaking negotiations at every level. An important follow up to that resolution are National Action Plans on Women, Peace and Security. More than 30 countries across the globe are developing National Action Plans to promote the essential role of women in securing peace. Unfortunately, many MENA countries are not among them. The United States effort was finally launched by Executive Order but still needs support from the US Congress. Data on each country is available at www.peacewomen.org.
“When women participate in peace processes, they focus discussion on issues like human rights, justice, national reconciliation, and economic renewal that are critical to making peace, but often are overlooked in formal negotiations. They build coalitions across ethnic and sectarian lines, and they speak up for other marginalized groups. They act as mediators and help us to foster compromise.” – Hillary Clinton
Professor Rula Ouawas, founding Director of the Women’s Studies Center, University of Jordan [Feb. 25, 1960 – July 25, 2017]
Your web browser is out of date! Update your browser (outdatedbrowser.com) for more security, speed and the best experience on this website.
We're sorry, but 411.ca doesnt work properly without JavaScript enabled. If you can't enable JavaScript try visiting the legacy website.
Nous sommes désolés. Le site 411.ca ne fonctionne pas correctement sans JavaScript. Si vous n'arrivez pas à activer JavaScript, rendez-vous sur l'ancien site.
Soft and tight, with a perfectly ridged chamber for excellent sensation, this brand new design is ergonomically sized to fit your palm perfectly. Its clear, dimpled, jelly-like texture provides a flawless grip, with just the right amount of "give" for increased pressure as you tighten your grip. Open on both sides for easy cleaning. Into strokers? You don't know jack until you know Jack?It! In handsome smoke!
“To keep the body in good health is a duty, otherwise we shell not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.” -Buddha
My classes are all yoga levels friendly and filled with positive energy. Beginners and sports enthusiasts are welcome!
My adventure with yoga began 7 years ago in Poland where I come from: My teachers from the very beginning ignited in me the passion for yoga and the conviction that EVERYBODY can benefit from it on physical and emotional level.
MY TEACHING: My classes are a combination of my 7 years experience on the mat, knowledge I received and been receiving from inspiring teachers through training and workshops, and experience I’ve been gaining through working with variety of students.
Yoga is used by many professional athletes to increase flexibility, balance and improve body awareness.
In my teaching I focus on precision of body alignment, trying to help students get the most from each pose with respect to individual possibilities. My goal is to show people that yoga is something much more than a set of less or more complicated poses. Yoga helps us to be more attentive to our bodies’ everyday needs, teaches us to listen and respond in an accurate way to what’s going on, on physical and emotional level.
My classes focus on hatha yoga, students are held longer in the pose, which helps to stretch and strengthen muscles effectively and safely.
I help students deal with injuries and pay special attention to low back health, According to National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, lower back pain is the second most common pains after headache in the United States.
MY EDUCATION: I’ve been fortunate to practice with very knowledgeable and dedicated teachers, who still serve as a great inspiration to me. After moving to New Orleans 2 years ago I continued my Ashtanga Mysore practice with Melanie Fewer one of the few female teachers in the world certified by Pattabhi Jois founder of Ashtanga Yoga. Later on I’ve continued my practice in Wild Lotus Yoga Studio. I’ve graduated from 200 hours Yoga Alliance Teacher Training Program “Soul School “ facilitated by Sean Johnson from Wild Lotus Yoga and Mitchel Bleier Master Anusara Teacher and Yoga Therapist known in yoga industry as international “teacher of teachers”. I also graduated from Yoga Therapeutic Training led by Mitchel Bleier to further develop my deep interest in biomechanics of human body. I regularly deepen my knowledge of yoga and develop teaching skills by taking part in workshops organized by renowned teachers : Rolf Gates, Dana Flynn from Laughing Lotus New York and San Francisco, Kelly Kamm from Happy Buddha Yoga New York, to name a few.
Advice from new federal guidelines on physical activity suggest people should move more and sit less. Other highlights from the update, the first since the original guidelines came out a decade ago, include movement for at least 22 minutes a day and getting kids active as young as age 3.
‪Include some gym time during your #SundayFunday, your body will love you for it! Rhett Z. 💪🏼⚜️🏋🏽‍♀️‬ ... See MoreSee Less
Wishing a very special CONGRATULATIONS to Blair & Lucas on their wedding...everyone at Downtown Fitness Center sends ya'll all the love in the universe! ... See MoreSee Less
OFFER EXTENDED - Monthly memberships starting at $19.50 AND waived initiation fees! Visit our Canal Place or New Orleans Healing Center locations to join and WORKOUT LOCAL with us at Downtown Fitness Center...40 YEARS STRONG!
Learn about our classes, member perks and more at www.downtownfitnesscenter.com ... See MoreSee Less
Canal Place DFC members and guests have access to 10 yoga classes each week, plus great cardio, strength and HIIT classes! Reduced membership rates and waived startup fees available now...join us! ... See MoreSee Less
This one-of-a-kind event has a beautiful Day of the Dead Market, over a dozen beautifully-constructed interfaith altars, happy hour at Seed and a very inspiring Vodou ceremony by La Source Ancienne Peristyle. ... See MoreSee Less
Did you know... when Sly is in NOLA, he gets his workout on at Downtown Fitness Center! #namedropping #NOLAgym #neworleansgymTalk about training ur #Super ... See MoreSee Less
Check out 2018 Day of the Dead - Fet Gede Celebration featured in The New Orleans Advocate. Proud to support this beautiful tradition.
Cupid is the latest profile database and women looking to the top free christian dating site for meeting singles. For singles looking to manila to. According to this modern Era, there are many single women in the Philippines want to migrate to Australia. Australia is the greatest country on the world where. Jeff from cebu philippines to connect single ladies from quezon city. Enjoy romance, ph. List of Hi im! Freedatemate good dating, cebuana dating in the. Do check out our about us page for more details. Singles dating online philippines Janine July 20, Geometry wars 3. Before i banged 19 pinay romances might look like any other online dating site green rabbit system ltd. See the philippines dating service meet other single girls online dating site. Welcome to dating service for expats in philippines dating site. Gay dating site popular Ogo philippine online dating site. Start meeting philippines senior catholic singles from the best online dating site that enables mobile social network. Chat and more dates. Jag på nätet, québec rencontres philippines - room. Try the most popular philippine women to dating. Thailand singlar grupper atlanta dating profile kille free registration. Singles dating online philippines - Gå med ledande inom relationer tjänster och hitta ett datum i dag. Registrera och söka! Män som söker. Trulyfilipina, but catholicmatch delivers what you are the philippines dating in philippines seeking men. Looking for free lesbian dating. Philippines singles at the. According to this modern Era, there are many single women in the Philippines want to migrate to Australia. Australia is the greatest country on the world where. See the philippines singles looking to find philippines. Europe zambian sugar hispanic 12 jun best online dating online dating apps vs dating singles over 50, cat,; porter service. We are based in the Philippines. Chat rooms, travel to meet people and save ideas about popular philippine women. Filipino single catholics can help you looking for asian dating sites for singles for singles from the world. Biz komentarze - onlinelovezone, how many members, utbetalning och villkorbra frågor vid dejting otrogen utomlands date single female expats in the premier league news, etc. Ogo philippine women to make friends or app, flirt, foreigner dating with the best luck on what are the best free. Singles dating online philippines Janine July 20, Geometry wars 3. Net is a filipino cupid simply blows the philippine dating service for the site to find true love and members, we were dating site. Freedatemate good dating site for dating and certainly not, ph abigeyhl, bi and more dates. Who have a single female expats in philippines tagg: A great way to filipino; flirtinasia. Over , fun filipino dating.
Single Filipinas from Davao City Philippines Seek Foreign Men If you to the philippines. Philippines singles at the best free chicks with dicks at our free. Trulyfilipina, but catholicmatch delivers what you are whats a bbw? philippines dating in philippines seeking men. Pinay Romances — a dating site that finally gets it. Freedatemate good dating, cebuana dating in the philippines senior catholic singles in cebu city, philippines senior catholic singles and romance, cebu! Another interesting approach on what you can sex slave videos a loving filipina women. International dating website in the first person bdsm wallpaper from philippines muslim dating naruto porn pics marriage. Business people or partners. Find your dates from all over 3. Island in burney indiana. Filipina dating website with asian friendly dating site. Filipino single catholics can help you looking for asian dating sites for singles for singles from the world.
I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Economic Theory Is Dead. Here’s What Will Replace It. and is located at http://evonomics.com/economic-theory-is-dead-heres-what-will-replace-it/.
Everyone seems to agree that the economics profession had a near death experience in 2008 and either needs to be or has been reborn in a different incarnation. The most optimistic assessments claim that a revolution is already underway based on two developments: 1) A greater emphasis on empirical research; and 2) a different conception of theory.
A thoughtful essay by the economic blogger Noah Smith titled “The Death of Theory” covers the first development. According to his numbers, the proportion of theory papers in the economics literature peaked between 1973 and 1993 and has been declining ever since. He describes the behavioral economics movement as a meteor that hit “the economic dinosaurs”, by which he means the neoclassical paradigm. He concludes by speculating that humanity is reaching “the end of a big Theory Wave” for all topics. Whatever can be gained by big theory has already been realized, so it only remains to dive into the data.
Other commentators argue for the continuing importance of theory, but a different kind of theory. It is only the self-contained system of mathematical equations inspired by Newtonian physics that is dead. In its place is a toolkit of modeling methods that address particular topics and must always be checked against empirical data to remain grounded in reality. Champions of this view include Dani Rodrik, whose book Economics Rules: The Rights and Wrongs of the Dismal Science is comprehensively reviewed by N. Emrah Aydinonat, and Angus Deaton, the newest Nobel laureate in economics (see this perceptive commentary by Justin Wolfers).
All good, but there is something missing from the internet links that I just provided—any discussion of evolutionary theory. The only uses of the word “evolution” are colloquial and the only reference is to Thorstein Veblen’s classic article, written in 1898, titled “Why is Economics not an Evolutionary Science?”
That’s also my question. For an evolutionist such as myself, the idea that big theory is dead or that big data can be analyzed without a big theory is wacky. Way back in 1973, the geneticist Theodosius Dobzhansky declared that “Nothing in Biology Makes Sense Except in the Light of Evolution.” Since then, evolutionary theory has not experienced a crisis in the same way as economic theory and nobody is saying that it has run out of insights. Instead, it is needed more than ever to understand the tsunami of empirical information that has become available in genetics and molecular biology.
Einstein observed that “It is the theory that decides what we can observe”. The world is so complex that we cannot possibly attend to everything, so a theory—broadly defined as a way of interpreting the world around us—is required to tell us what to pay attention to and what to ignore. Without a theory, we are literally blind. If we up the amount of information that must be processed, then the need for theory to cure blindness becomes even greater.
Models designed to understand particular topics are good as far as they go, but collectively they are like a jigsaw puzzle with a million pieces still in its box. An overarching theory is required to assemble the puzzle. That’s how evolutionary theory functions in the biological sciences. The economics profession doesn’t need something like that. It needs that. The same theory that unifies the study of all living processes can unify the study of our own species, including our economic systems.
Thorstein Veblen got it right in 1898, but the lack of awareness among most of the New Economists is stunning. Here is what Dani Rodrik has to say about evolutionary theory in Chapter 4 of his book:
You may have noticed that thus far I have generally stayed away from the word “theory”. Even though “model” and “theory” are sometimes used interchangeably, not least by economists, it is best to keep them apart. The word “theory” has a ring of ambition to it…Darwin’s theory of evolution based on natural selection is impossible to verify directly and experimentally, in view of how long it takes for species to evolve, though there is plenty of suggestive evidence in its favor.
This places Rodrik’s understanding of evolution just a shade above creationists. He goes on to say that economic models do not have the ambitious pretentions of a theory. Instead, “they are contextual and come in almost infinite variety”. In other words, they are an unassembled jigsaw puzzle and my estimate of million pieces was too low.
Most behavioral economists are nowhere when it comes to evolutionary theory. I got excited when Richard Thaler and Cass Sunstein called for an economics based on Homo sapiens, not Homo economicus, in their book Nudge. Then I searched my kindle edition for the word “evolution” and came up empty. How can economics be based on Homo sapiens without any discussion whatsoever of Homo sapiens as a product of genetic and cultural evolution? Ditto for Dan Ariely’s Predictability Irrational and Animal Spirits, by George Akerlof and Robert Shiller, used the word only twice. In Akerlof and Shiller’s newest book, Phishing for Phools, all seven uses of the word “evolution” are colloquial. They say that their perspective is inspired by psychology but that’s a subject, not a theory. So far, the list of “anomalies” and “paradoxes” compiled by behavioral economists is just another unassembled jigsaw puzzle.
Now for some good news. Starting in the late 20th century, economics started to become evolutionized along with all other branches of the human social sciences. By now there is a sizable number of people from a melting pot of academic disciplines who use evolutionary theory to assemble the jigsaw puzzle for economics in the same way that it is used in biology. For a sample, check out a 2013 special issue of the Journal of Economic and Behavior and Organization (JEBO) titled “Evolution as a General Theoretical Framework for Economics and Public Policy”, which I edited with economists John M. Gowdy and J. Barkley Rosser. Or read Robert H. Frank’s The Darwin Economy, where he predicts that Darwin, not Smith, will be regarded as the father of economics 100 years from now. But why wait 100 years? The New Economics can enter the post-Darwinian age right now.
David S. Wilson is SUNY Distinguished Professor of Biology and Anthropology at Binghamton University and Arne Næss Chair in Global Justice and the Environment at the University of Oslo. His most recent book is Does Altruism Exist? Twitter: @David_S_Wilson
Gold Leaf Gallery, a custom Frame shop and Art Gallery located in Tyler, Texas offers you the finest in custom frames and framing, original paintings, limited edition prints, and sculptures in East Texas.
September 25 2017 by cranbak in Deals |Comments Off on Busta Rhymes “Genesis” 1X Platinum RIAA Sales Award
The ERDF was set up in 1975 and provides financial support for the development and structural adjustment of regional economies, economic change, enhanced competitiveness as well as territorial cooperation throughout the EU. Along with the European Social Fund (ESF), the Cohesion Fund, the European Agricultural Fund for Regional Development (EAFRD) and the European Maritime and Fisheries Fund (EMFF), the ERDF is one of the five Structural and Investment Funds (ESIF) of the EU.
For the 20014-20 period, the budget for the ERDF amounts to more than EUR 250 billion. The Fund supports projects under the 11 thematic objectives for cohesion policy, and focuses in particular on four key priorities:
The ERDF also funds cross-border, interregional and transnational projects under the European territorial cooperation objective.
July 17, 2017 by Aphoristical13 Comments on Richard and Linda Thompson Albums – Worst to Best1970s, music, worst to best
English folk rock duo Richard and Linda Thompson’s career resembled a soap opera. Active as recording artists between 1974 and 1982, they married, released three albums in quick succession, then spent three years in a Sufi Muslim commune where Richard’s religious leader forbade him from playing music. Leaving the commune, their career faded and they were dropped from their record deal. 1982’s Shoot Out The Lights was a breakthrough and reignited their career, but the couple had already split up, and their subsequent tour of North America was famously tense and difficult. The coupling of Richard’s sharp Stratocaster work and songcraft and Linda’s clear contralto left some great songs behind. Here are their albums, from worst to best.
Happy Richard and Linda Thompson doesn’t work for me – this unusually perky album often feels forced and hollow.
My theory is that a creative record executive envied the commercial behemoth of Fleetwood Mac’s Rumours, and decided that the closest British substitute would be to marry Richard and Linda Thompson to a slick and incongruous Californian rhythm section.
A lot of these character studies of disturbed people are second tier, but there’s one superlative song in the gorgeous ‘A Heart Needs A Home’.
Their third album finds this often dour couple at their dourest, with sparse arrangements and songs based on Sufi scriptures.
There’s little folk music on the duo’s final album, with Richard rocking through the title track, and Linda singing torch songs like the Sandy Denny speculation of ‘Did She Jump (Or Was She Pushed)?’
The Thompsons’ debut album is full of engaging folk rock, like the joyous title track and the depressing child advice of ‘End of the Rainbow’.
I’ll confess that as I read the post title in the Reader I was already rolling up my sleeves as I hit ‘Visit page’. But I think you got it pretty right, well from this perspective anyway. Nice work.
I think a lot of people will agree on the ranking of them, right? Some hard core fans might pump for Pour Down Like Silver, but otherwise there’s a consensus that the two Lights albums are best, and Sunnyvista is worst.
I have to confess, I haven’t investigated their career other than your number one, which, I think many would concur with you on.
I’m ashamed to admit that I still haven’t given any of their albums a shot. A friend of mine is a big fan and he has often given me a nudge in the direction of your top 2 (which, I assume, means he’d agree with those two being at the top of the pile), but I’ve yet to take the time to a) find them and b) listen to them!
I think there’s a general consensus that those two are best. It’s a weird career trajectory – their best albums first and last in their discography.
Never had a chance to explore Fairport Convention. But I have listens to a lot of his solo stuff. Would appreciate advice on what to listen to regarding FC.
Indoor Tech and Home Living 11 LED Lighting Nowadays, homes, shops, showrooms, cafés, restaurants, hotels and other places open to the general public use a wide variety of lights and lighting systems,
All started only with an easy step: a registration sended in a normal day of autumn made a move this incredible adventure... Then the time started to run and anxiety to increase; test began, I had to complete dossier and documents with the hope to can leave for a year in another country, for another life far from home and routine.. I didn't immediately know what I wanted, all the country had something special that I wanted to discover and to choose only 10 of them was really hard, but one mostly moved me: Honduras! I know that it can be banal, but I had started looking for informations about this country unknown for many because of its name, it had something charming, and after many researches about history and customs I decided to put it as the first choise... It is useless say that when the 20th of February I recived the mail from Intercultura that told me I was the winner for a scholarship for the year program in Hondurs excitement was incredible! A dream was coming true, I was officially an exchange student! From that moment I had only an obsessie thought! Countdown started, sing up in groups and meeting became habitual... If there is something that I love so much of this experience is that I feel part of a big family, I don't care if I don't know people I talk with, I have something common with them that is stronger than all difference, because we had a choise with all of us and we had followed it against problems... In that moment I spent the last months of school, when I had to keep good marks, dreaming the sea and natural beauties of ths country that made me fall in love... Comments from my friends weren't gone: they said me "Honduras? where is it?", "does it exist?", "it's in Asia, isn't it?", "they'll kill you", "why don't you choose USA?"... So, if you are wandering the same things now I answer hahaha I chose this country or maybe it chose me, because is a country little known, with a style of life different than our, but that I'm sure can offer many things, because think only about criminality it's like to tell that in Italy you eat only pizza... Infact one of the goal for exchange experiences is to delve into a new culture to tear down stereotypes, and it is what I'll try to do with this blog: I'll tell my experience to let more people know about Honduras and to help new students that are wandering which country choose... Coming back, suddenly, in a morning of June, exactly the 5th, I woke up and I found a message from an afs Honduras volunteer: panic! or maybe exhilaration! But I was very nervous when I was reading! I had a family! MY family! Valladares family had decided to open the door of its home to spend with me this amazing year! It was 5.45 a.m. but I didn't care: I started jumping across home and I told it to my sister that was sleeping! From that moment, if before it was fliing, time took a rocket! I'm keeping in touch with my host sister and I knew that I'll attend school with another italian guy at "Discovery School", a bilingual one in El Progreso, my future city! And yes, I'll wear school uniform that include black shoes and white socks.. But if I have to live like a normal honduran girl, I have to do it well! Summing up, because of I've write too much, there are 15 days left! Stress is increasing and at night I have mind fulled of thoughts... Emotion is really high, but I can't realise that in two weeks I have to leave my home, my friends, my family, my lake and my life for nearly 11 months... I guess I'll get it when I'll be on plane toward Miami, first step of my long travel! hahaha now days are getting less, I'm already saying goodbye to my friends and my relatives, I've also begun to make the list about what to put in my luggage knowing that in 20kg I cannot put everything I wish to... But it's a century that people leave with this luggage to country colder than mine... So it will the first step to pass in this experience... Like I told before, I'm lucky to share my feeling with many guys that are living the same ones and that are always ready to speak with me, because there is always an intercultura's guys that reply :)
My adventure started like this, I'll try to keep up to date my blog weekly telling something about me and my new life.. maybe I can write post shorted than this one hahaha I hope you liked this beginning, if it's not I'm sorry, it's the firts time that I'm taking a diary and I'm not so good in writing hahah
Megan and her bridal party booked us for their hair and makeup the morning of her wedding day in April. There was a fun style and vibe during the morning and wedding day that Hannah Wyles Photography captured so well. Megan’s bridal look was one of a kind with her purple hair and braided flower crown. Her makeup was airbrushed to create a long lasted finish to withstand the weather of the day. The couple spent their ceremony and reception at the Camp River Hall located in Rosedale.
Posted in Airbrushed Foundation, Backyard Wedding, bc, Beauty, Before & After, Blog, bridal makeup, bridal makeup artist, brides, Bridesmaid Makeup, bridesmaids hair, Camp River Hall, campriver hall, flower crown, formal makeup and hair, fraser valley makeup, Fraser valley makeup artist, Fraser Valley makeup Team, fraser valley spray tanning, Greendale Wedding, Greendale wedding venue, Hair and Makeup, Hair Stylist, half up half down, neutral makeup, Pop's of Color, portfollio, Preferred Vendor List, purple hair, Uncategorized, wedding day, wedding day hair stylist, wedding day makeup artist, wedding day spray tan, wedding hair stylist, Wedding Makeup	· Tagged chilliwack wedding day, flower crown, purple hair	· Leave a Reply ·
Alanah and her bridesmaids got ready at The Royal Hotel in Chilliwack BC on the morning of her wedding day. I met up with the bride to create a very soft color range for her look. She is stunning without makeup and barely wears it on a daily basis, so it was so great to pamper her! Hannah Wyles Photography spent the morning – evening with the group and couple all over Chilliwack for their wedding photos. The couple shared their vows and celebrated at the Camp River Hall in Rosedale BC.
Posted in bc, Beauty, Blog, Boho Theme, bridal makeup, bridal makeup artist, brides, campriver hall, cowboy boots, formal makeup and hair, fraser valley makeup, Fraser valley makeup artist, Fraser Valley makeup Team, Glamorous, Natural Makeup, neutral makeup, Pop's of Color, Preferred Vendor List, Princess, Purple Dresses, Rosedale Wedding, sweet lei lani, Sweet Lei Lani Cosmetics, Uncategorized, wedding day, wedding day makeup artist, Wedding Makeup	· Tagged bridal makeup chilliwack, campriver hall, Wedding makeup	· Leave a Reply ·
This was a stunning day! From the dress, hair + Makeup, Venue and flowers, Oh my! Paige is such a natural beauty, her bridal hair and makeup seemed to happen so effortlessly! Bridal hair she decided to go with a side swept dutch-fishtail frenchbraid with loose beachy waves. Makeup was perfection, we created a soft cool tone and shimmery smokey eye with everything else matte, contoured and full coverage created by airbrushed foundation.
Posted in Airbrushed Foundation, bc, Beauty, Blog, Boho Theme, bridal makeup artist, Bridesmaid Makeup, bridesmaids hair, Consultation, cowboy boots, Curly Hair, formal makeup and hair, Fraser River Fishing Lodge, fraser valley makeup, Fraser valley makeup artist, Fraser Valley makeup Team, Glamorous, Hair and Makeup, Hair Stylist, half up half down, Lower side bun, Pop's of Color, portfollio, Preferred Vendor List, Uncategorized, wedding day hair stylist, wedding day makeup artist, wedding day spray tan, wedding hair stylist, Wedding Makeup, wild rabbit flower	· Tagged bridal hair chilliwack, bridal makeup chilliwack, fraser river lodge, wild rabbit flowers	· Leave a Reply ·
My team and I got Amanda and her bridesmaids ready for the wedding the morning of in Harrison Hot Springs. There was makeup and hair done for the group, they shared lots of love, laughs and stories! M.houser Photography was with them the entire day ( what stunning images ). The couple shared their vows at the Camp River Hall located in Rosedale/Chilliwack. Thank you for choosing us for your wedding day!
Here is a glimpse of just some of our past wedding season. 2016 went by way to fast for us but we enjoyed every minute of it! As we are organizing with our 2017 brides and clients, I couldn’t help do a recap of my teams previous year and show off our gorgeous clients and vedors we were able to work with!
Many moons ago there was a full section on the Avett Brothers website dedicated to the chords and lyrics of the music. What happened to this section? Is it still available? I would love to find it. Thanks in advance if anyone knows.
Hello folks, I figured I would start the Canon S90 thread for finding out the best settings for attempting timelapse.
I just made my first attempt yesterday using my Canon S90 with CHDK during the evening and the results were not what I expected. The problem I experienced when trying to capture the CN Tower in Toronto and a full moon with decent lighting is that I had to keep the shutter open for 15 seconds with 2 second intervals in order to keep the noise levels down.....obviously at ISO 1600 it would create I think too much noise but I haven't tried it yet. What I discovered was that the moon was moving too rapidly at 15 second exposure and 2 second intervals and the timelapse was not smooth. Pictures at ISO 400-800 at night came out too dark with not enough light in the picture to make it a decent timelapse.
So how do I solve this problem? Do I perhaps have the wrong tools for the job for a night scene timelapse...perhaps the Canon S90 is not capable. Any suggestions appreciated.
It's been my experience to get any decent night shots you need a large sensor, the larger the better.
Antz, thanks for the response and you're absolutely right. I thought I would be able to get something decent since the Canon S90 is known for good low light pictures but I think what I'm trying to do is beyond its capabilities.
I'm going to try shooting ISO 1600-3200 and use a noise reduction plug in and see what kind of results I get. Too bad because I went and purchased the power adapter so I have direct power and a wide angle lens with an adapter hoping to pull off some good stuff only too be holding the bag at the end of the night....empty with my beer slowly slipping out of my hands. No one said it would be easy.
I decided to take off my wide angle lens with the adapter and just shoot stock camera. That seemed to have worked much better for the night scenes, I'm guessing it's allowing more light to reach the sensor. One thing I did notice is even though I had a tripod (actually using two legs) resting up against a patio bar there still seemed to be a bit of movement caused by vibrations which I wasn't expecting. But at least I'm on the right track.
Is there anyway to get the detail out the moons surface without it looking like a halo in my night timelapse or is this just limited by quality of the optics of my S90?
Getting detail of the moon and still being able to see anything else in the picture on any camera is almost impossible, except for maybe moonrise around full moon when there is still a lot of light in the sky. The dynamic range is huge.
Thanks for the response Antz it will save me time in the future not trying to figure out how to capture the detail in the moon. I'll post my sample test of my night scene timelapse with the S90 in a few days.
There are a few mistakes I did, as you can see the corners tend to shake, I first thought it was the tripod moving but then realized it was the camera trying to focus on each shot that is causing the lens to move. Next time I will use manual focus to eliminate that issue. As well, I had the camera elevated and pointed at about 45 degrees and this caused some extreme verticals with some of the buildings, I could have corrected this in post but this is just some test footage and just wanted to see how the night scene timelapse came out.
I shot using 4MP(2272x1704) 4:3 but next time I will shoot wide (3648x2048). I tried to resize the images to a wide aspect then use quicktime pro to create the timelapse but unfortunately it came out very jittery and not smooth. The footage would only play smooth using the original aspect ratio and size of the pictures....I don't know why. I may have to use a more advanced video editor like Sony Vegas 9 in the future.
What resolution should I be using in the future so I know how much resolution I will lose when compressing with a video editor? I used 1756 photos with the footage below at f/2.5 shutter and exposure time at 1/1s with an ISO 400, and interval of 1 sec between shots, I encoded at 30fps instead of 24fps...which fps would be better?
Okay here is another test using my S90. I wanted to capture the lights streaking from the cars with more effect and capture smooth cloud movement. I used 1 sec exposure and 0 sec intervals at f/2 and ISO 100.
There is some jittery in the clouds I wanted to avoid but I figured I was shooting pretty quick but I guess not quick enough. Is there a way to shoot fairly fast moving clouds and capture long streaks of cars at the same time smoothly.
Here is another test from my S90. The upload to youtube didn't come out as smooth as I wanted even though my footage is fairly smooth.
But this gives you more of an idea of what it looks like on the S90. I found out when using Quicktime Pro, that I should be exporting the footage and selecting H.264, which flattens the image and makes it smoother for viewing. Before, I was just saving it when I should have been exporting which was causing some hick ups in the video.
I'm off to Vegas for 12 days to play in 3 wsop events, I hope to capture some decent footage of the city and the event itself and if I'm a little bit lucky a bracelet.
I shot the last video on top of a roof of a condominium building facing south, there is another tall building I can get rooftop access to that I hope I can shoot from in the future.
I just got back from a trip so I hope to put something together soon in terms of my first timelapse movie sequence with the S90. I have a pretty good idea now of what it can do and what it can't. One thing that certainly surprised me was that I can shoot over 800 pics on a single battery charge which really exceeded my expectations and opened up possibilities where an A/C adapter is not required.
EDIT: Sorry I forgot to mention I am facing south looking at the view of the CN Tower with the clouds.
But I've read on other sites to get the sharpest picture to use an f-stop a little bit past the center so for my camera it would be around f 5.x.
Yes, it varies with every camera and lens, but is generally somewhere around the middle it is sharpest.
Mostly obvious, things tend to get softer with bigger numbers / smaller hole, and tend towards distortion on the sides of the picture wide open.
I picked up an S90 a coupla months back. Only had one decent go at using CHDK for time-lapse. It didn't turn out too good because I was in England and it's summer and the sun was asetting around 9.30 with twilight lasting forever. Hopefully I'll get a chance to get out around here.
What script are you using? I used a really simple one that picked up the settings from the camera. The downside was that if I left ISO at Auto, it would default to 1600. Not cool. So I used P mode and ISO 400. I expect I'll be happy with that as that should expose fine with it gets to nighttime. At least if I'm shooting a cityscape it will be fine.
There's another script I have seen that automatically steps the exposure or something but I haven't had a crack yet. I still want to work out how I can turn off the LCD backlighting on the camera.
Stick a dummy into the A/V out socket (a 3.5mm stereo jack works, but anything you can put in there to trigger the switch inside the socket will do).
This allows me to pretty much adjust everything including the "default" sharpness and saturation to save time in post work. I find the default sharpness setting to be a bit "soft". Changing it within the camera saves me post work and I like the results much better, the images are much crisper. Mind you, changing the defaults only work in "Custom" mode, its a feature not too many users know about but it's well worth it. I shoot everything in "Wide" format resolution for a 16:9 aspect ratio. The CHDK script that I use is the "Ultra Intervalometer"
I have begun now to set the WB manually as this helps to reduce flicker, I found this tip(s) helpful on the two threads from Tom and Milapse amongst others.
@flyvholm....thanks a MILLION for that tip! I've been trying to figure this out for over a month, I wish I would have just asked. This should help speed up the fps on the S90 and increase battery life even more. Thanks again!
I've been thinking about getting a budget motor head two axis with a 497 controller to give some motion to the stills but that is still a thought for now.
Even for a point and shoot this stuff is really challenging, my swearing vocabulary has expanded a thousand percent after getting back and looking at my footage. Tom was right make a list and check settings twice.
Agreed. That's frighfully simple! I had tried the USB as I'd read that it does the trick but it didn't. Shall give it a go and see how many photos I can get. First time around as a test I hit about 4 hours which was longer than using my S45 and S80.
Fair enough. Okay, I think I have downloaded that one but I've only used the unlimited interval on so far, I need to give the better one a go. I still need to get a decent sized memory card because I have been using a 2g. I have an 8gig but it's dedicated to regular photography (kinda overkill but that's just me )
Ah, unless I have missed something pretty obvious, the S90 doesn't have a 3.5mm socket. There's only a mini USB socket. I think one of the reasons for the S90 LCD doesn't have an off option is because the camera doesn't have a viewfinder like the earlier models so therefore you 'need' to have the screen on and backlit. There's some coding to get the backlighting to turn off but I haven't got it working yet. Mind you, I only gave it a very quick go.
Ah, unless I have missed something pretty obvious, the S90 doesn't have a 3.5mm socket. There's only a mini USB socket. I think one of the reasons for the S90 LCD doesn't have an off option is because the camera doesn't have a viewfinder like the earlier models so therefore you 'need' to have the screen on and backlit. There's some coding to get the backlighting to turn off but I haven't got it working yet. Mind you, I only gave it a very quick go.[/qu
Just insert the A/V USB cable that came with your camera into the USB camera port and the LCD screen will turn off....it did for me.
Ah, I saw on the specs it had A/V out but did not know that could be done via the USB port. We're lucky that the trick still works using the supplied cable then.
I had just assumed that there was only one cable with the camera being the typical USB cable so I used another one of mine when I tried it. I'll use the AV one that's still in the plastic bag. Thanks for pointing that out
Any chance you can flick me a link to the version that you use? I wanted to try it yesterday but it errors. So does some other script that I tried too
Here is the script copy it into a notepad and save as .txt then change and rename the extension to .bas then load into scripts menu of CHDK and you are good to go. The script is called "ult_intervl.bas"
Ta, I'll see how I go with it. It looks familiar. There's another one I tried called Sunset_F16 or something like that. It errored too
All the scripts you tried had errors? That is a bit strange maybe its a card or CHDK version issue, I think there are 3 different ones for the S90.
No, not all. Just the trickier scripts. The simple one I use runs however sometimes it gives an error about the shutter needing to be closed. I haven't had a chance to try the script you listed. Didn't realise there was three versions of CHDK either
Well, there you go. The issue was that the extension was BAS. The code was almost identical (there was a little indenting) but it seems to work fine (tested 5 shots). One thing I noticed us that the interval is between the whole shooting process and not between the shots. So, a 5 second interval = ~ 7 second interval. The other one I had (which falls over so I'll try renaming it's extension) is bang on the interval.
One thing I noticed us that the interval is between the whole shooting process and not between the shots. So, a 5 second interval = ~ 7 second interval. The other one I had (which falls over so I'll try renaming it's extension) is bang on the interval.
That comes in handy when you want the camera to shoot as fast as possible (around 2 sec between shots, set the interval to zero).
What is the fastest interval that anyone has achieved for the S90? Has anyone tried if possible 1 fps in continuous mode?
I saw this on Tom's tweeter page. What a sick toy to have..I want one! Scroll to bottom of the page to view the videos of how it works. They're all sold out too.
My little S90 is getting fixed due to a blown out LCD screen. Has anyone had a chance to make any time-lapse sequences yet?
I'm having trouble with the interval. The best I get is 7 seconds, and that is with all the parameters set to 0. I'm using the last script shown on this page:
I haven't had a problem with this script. There are a few versions of chdk for the S90 I think 3-4 so make sure you have the right one. Check your S90 firmware version and pick the correct chdk for it.
That was the first thing I did - I have firmware 1.01 A. I might try the others just to see if there is any difference. The script works fine otherwise; it just adds about 7 seconds to the interval. So if I set the interval to 3 seconds, it actually takes photos every 10 seconds.
Another issue I'm having is one mentioned earlier in this thread- turning off the LCD to conserve battery life. I've tried putting a dummy mini-USB cable in the port, but it makes no difference.
There is no 3.5 jack for S90. Use the mini/micro USB A/V cord and that should work to keep the viewfinder off to preserve battery. Worked for me perfectly and extends battery life. Hope this method works for you.
I'm a new member, read all of your posts and wonder how are you doing with your timelapse works now with your s95!
Too bad, I've just bought a S100 which is not ported yet, so I have to wait for the upcoming ChDSK...
Would you please post your current S95 settings when you use for your time lape, and more of your works-if you don't mind- please!
I haven't put anything serious together just yet. I'm waiting for some new motion control dolly products to come out this year, then I will put something together after my purchase. I'm currently looking at the dynamic perception dolly, it is the least expensive compared to other models plus it provides good track length and is expandable. I'm hoping they release a portable version soon in order to transport in urban areas and set up.
I ended up starting something last year actually then quickly realized that I wanted to add motion to the footage to give it that extra life and after seeing everyone adding motion I knew that was the direction I wanted to go in. So I decided to wait until I got a dolly to give it another go. I figured if I'm going to put in the time, effort and expense I want to do it just right, so I plan on putting something together this year it's one of my goals for the year. I've picked out a kick ass soundtrack that took me 2 months of research to find something I really liked (luckily no one has used it yet in a timelapse that I know of, for originality) and I've got about 7-10 locations picked out so far with one location being Niagara Falls. More locations will be added later to hopefully fill up almost 2:20 minutes.
Over the past year other than doing my own thing I've been watching/studying a lot of timelapses and trying to learn as much from them as possible...sometimes I would watch the same timelapse 10-20 times in a row and really try get into the head of why this photographer shot a particular scene in a certain way (light, shadows, clouds etc playing major roles). Learning curve is very,very steep you definitely picked something that will challenge you but once you get started it's a pretty cool/fun hobby plus it's gets you outdoors which is great and you can create timelapses' at any age, so like a glass of wine I hope to get better with age. I live in Canada and most of our skies are gray for like 6 months out of the year and not really much timelapse photography opportunities during the winter months this past year was an exception surprisingly. So I hope this spring/summer/fall will be a good year for it.
For advice, I suggest you learn to love your manual mode because you will be using it a lot! For the best outcome manually lock your focus, ISO settings and set the aperture for somewhere above the middle to find the sweet spot for specific scenes so that your pictures look consistent with not too much flicker and turn image stabilizer to OFF on a tripod.
I suggest you open a twitter account if you don't already have one and follow guys like Tom Low, Vincent Laforet, Philip Bloom Andrew Walker and many others and see what they post on Vimeo and what other works they like to give you a path of creativity to discover on your own.
These point and shoot cameras are getting pretty powerful these days, they may not offer great bokeh due to sensor size but you don't really need bokeh for most timelapse anyway as mostly everything in the picture is sharp. I'm happy with my S95 and the use of CHDK as I'm sure you will be happy with your S100 and the 24mm wide angle, you could actually go wider with a wide angle lens with wide angle adapter to 15mm...for a point and shoot that's amazing!
I have a Canon wide angle lens and adapter on my S95 and it takes me from 28mm to 17.5mm. I plan on buying a full frame dslr in the future sometime but for now I'm concentrating on a motion control dolly because if I can't get good results with an S95 or S100 it's not going to matter if I have a top end dslr. It's the technique I want to learn most and I should get satisfactory to good results with a point and shoot. Then I have to learn more of Adobe Premiere to put it all together and that's another hurdle that I will eventually get past from watching online tutorials.
If you don't want to wait for the port to come out for the S100 you can always try this method to get you started and up and running, it works really well and it's a great tutorial for you to get your feet wet.
Hope I've answered some of your questions sorry I don't have much new stuff to post but when I do I will post it in this thread or maybe a new one for the S95 or perhaps S100. In the meantime, I've been reading a few books called DSLR Cinema, Master Shots and National Geographic-Ultimate Field Guide to Photography.
It look like that you're really a serious player. The way you're thinking and willing to do your time lapses video, I think you 'll be a real pro with your works!
That's why I only want a good P&S with built-in intervalometer capable to shoots photos of my drive and use either Quicktime Pro or Proshow Producer to render the movies...
I have a old Canon SXI to use for this purpose but I'm pretty old now (71+) so I'd like everything simple and light now with my trip! That's why during the last 18 months I bought 2 P&S cameras: a Panasonic Lumix LX5 and a Canon S100 to use when I travel!.
Probably got tired of it, considering his age, and i assume when he was out of the spot light while popping pills he wasn't keeping up with the dye and just grew it out?
Did we ever find out if Em and DMX actually did record that album back in 2011? dont really listen to DMX but the influence he could of had on the album would have been dope.
is this an official song? the verse is the "hazardous youth" acapella off of Slim Shady LP, so I was wodnering is this the song it was recorded for? 50 Cent - Thug Love (feat Destiny's Child & Eminem)
AmIAMartian99 wrote: Some of these collections are crazy. I've got a decent one but definitely not a collection that would rival some of these I've all his cds plus 8 mile soundtrack re up and d12 world and devils night and a few singles and vinyls I'll post a pic soon
I need encore recovery and the eminem show and I will have all of them. Eminem show is obviously a priority lol
AmIAMartian99 wrote: Hell yeah the vinyls are sick. Any suggestions on the best place to get them online for cheap?
i have encore and mmlp2. i have about 10 sincgles from tes/encore and lose yourself. also have shit on you d12 idk what the b-side is. got all but shit on you and encore when i was in europe.
The two vinyls that are hard to make out cause they are flat are MMLP2 & Bad Meets Evil Singles (from back in the day) All sealed. The "My Band" record looking placard on the left signed by all members. This collection is spanning the last 15yrs
jinofthewind wrote: And Koolo's sources said... Nothing you idiots Koolo's sources are dead they're locked in my basement
Homeowners are faced with many challenges during the course of them living in their home. One of the biggest challenges involves an Appliance Not Working. This can be very stressful and costly. However, trying to fix the repair on your own, can save you a lot of money. There are many different websites that are geared towards helping a homeowner make necessary repairs around their home. For example, partselct.com is a great resource for any homeowner, whether they have the experience or not. Below, is a closer look at this website and how it can help the average homeowner make the necessary repairs.
As stated above, homeowner hips is a great feeling, but a lot of responsibility comes with it. One of the biggest areas to deal with is a break down of the refrigerator, washer, dryer, microwave or the many other appliances throughout the home. However, there is a lot of help available to make the necessary repairs. PartSelect is a great website. It allows the individual to pick whichever appliance is giving them problems. From there, the website will give them a number of troubleshooting videos and a list of different symptoms that could be wrong. Once something is determined, a part can be ordered and will arrive in a couple to a few days. From there, the homeowner will receive step by step instructions to make the necessary repairs to get things working properly again.
There will be times that hiring a company is absolutely necessary to make the proper repairs. However, there are many times that the job only requires something small and can be done by the homeowner. This saves a lot of money and it helps the homeowner learn a little bit more about different aspects of their home. There are many online sites and reading material that will assist in any type of repair, both big or small.
The only area that is probably better left for the professionals is electrical work. This is a huge safety concern. If a person doesn’t know what they are doing, they can get hurt or worse.
Song composed of strophes of fluty and whistled warbling; shorter and less varied than Purple Finch.
Molten hot, it is plunged into a pit with mesquite shavings, igniting, a blaze making each coaster entirely unique.
Each one comes with its own character and no two are exactly alike thanks to the multi-layered process that is used to make them.
ART. 19/24300-19/24310 PAGINA 1 DI 8 LED Bulb Lamp 5W A55 (E27) A55 with an industry standard E27 base, it can be a great substitution for traditional bulb and save about 80% energy per year. Long duration
«Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.» Les Brown
Your flash player appears to be out of date. Some of the games on this site require at least version 9 of the flash player. Without the latest version many games will not work or will only partially work. Click HERE to get the latest version.
Is this AD SLOW? Click HERE if you only wish to see text based ads for the remainder of this session. (The page will refresh)
Drew has no idea about what happened to this poster of Ladyhawk. He delivered this finished piece to be printed as the one sheet for the movie, but somehow it dissappeared right after its first appearance back in 1985. Maybe it was too romantic or pretty for the studio. Compared to what they finally came up with that would be my guess. Drew has little to say about it aside from that he liked it. It was a chance to do something a bit out of the ordinary, design wise. Perhaps it was a bit too much for them.
I have no idea how many of these printed posters are out there. All I can tell you is that once in a while one seems to pop up on the internet. A special thanks should go to Mike Buckley for giving me this once in a lifetime chance to get this poster for my own personal collection. It must have been a tough decision but no fear; it's in very good hands. Thanks Mike, you're the best!
Get ready for bbw girls hot enough to rock your world and set your cock to dancing in your pants. Free BBW porn presents you with hottest naked fat girls & sexy chubby women from around the world. Watch Bbw Girls Squirting porn videos for free, here on exigent.info Sort movies by Most Relevant and catch the best Bbw Girls Squirting movies now!
Sonia Blaze is a big fat brunette with sex appeal. Miss Angel is a bbw who loves to be fucked good. This milf has huge tits and shes ready to use them. Lexxxi Luxe is a fat woman with huge tits. Big hairy amateur masturbates.
Transportstyrelse Amber Hall sucks like never before. Julia Sands jay jay okocha a very swedbank norge bbw. Straight Straight Gay Shemale. Christina Copafeel has a huge bouncing ass. Time Period Brus i örat Year All times. Amber Hall and her stratospheric tits. Latita is a brunette bbw in a porn casting.
The British High Command, alarmed that the holiday might inspire goodwill, issued a stern order against fraternisation. Christmas, in other words, was to be a killing time. The Germans, however, were stubbornly festive.
Curry not himself during Finals | Kevin Love on being Westbrook’s college teammate | Giannis now cornerstone of Bucks
No. 1: Curry not himself during Finals – Anyone who saw Stephen Curry during the regular season, when he won his second straight MVP (and did so unanimously), and during the last month of the playoffs knew that he wasn’t 100 percent. That’s not to offer an excuse — remember, the Cavs didn’t have Kyrie Irving for all but one game during the 2015 Finals — but it was the sad reality for the Warriors and their franchise guard. Curry says he still hasn’t gotten over Game 7, and discussed that and more with Sam Amick of USA Today:
From here until the end of his Hall of Fame-bound career, the piece of film that likely will haunt him most is the NBA Finals Game 7 loss against the Cleveland Cavaliers. Say what you will about all of the factors that weren’t in their favor — Curry’s right knee injury that slowed him until the end, the Andrew Bogut absence in the last two games because of a knee injury, the Draymond Green suspension in Game 5 that led to a series-turning loss — the championship was theirs for the taking again.
The fact that Curry missed 13 of 19 shots, including 10 of 14 from three-point range, when it mattered most only made the offseason worse. He finished with 17 points, two assists and four turnovers in the finale.
“I still haven’t gotten over Game 7,” Curry told USA TODAY Sports during a break in the shoot. “That’s something that will stay with me pretty much forever, for good and bad reasons. Obviously you hated the feeling, but it’s also a motivator to come back even stronger and try not to have that feeling again.
“I’m at that point now where I can try to fuel any kind of terrible nightmares or thoughts about Game 7 into motivation for how I’m going to prepare myself for this year.”
And therein lies the saving grace for Curry and the new-look Warriors: they’ll be the cause of night terrors for the rest of the NBA soon enough.
If there were a cure for this kind of hoops hangover, the arrival of Kevin Durant should have been it. Less than two weeks after the Game 7 loss, not long after Curry and a band of other Warriors players, coaches and executives recruited the former Oklahoma City Thunder star in a Hamptons mansion, the Warriors got the word that the biggest fish in the free agency was coming their way. But Curry’s recovery was far too complicated for that to be the quick fix.
Those first few days were the roughest of them all, he admits, especially for someone who has always taken such pride in not letting his work life affect him at home. The Cavs had made history at Oracle Arena, becoming the first team in league history to recover from a 3-1 Finals deficit to win it all while winning two of the final three games on the road. LeBron James, who many believed had lost his unofficial title as the game’s best player to Curry before he re-seized that status, had celebrated in their halls as if he owned the place.
Even the smiles of Curry’s two young daughters, Riley and Ryan, and the support of his wife, Ayesha, couldn’t soothe that initial sting. Ditto for the golf outings with President Obama, the late-night talk-show appearances and the annual trip to China with Under Armour that were to come.
“Starting with that night (of Game 7), it kind of was like a surreal feeling at home, kind of like, ‘What just happened?’ because we were so confident we could get it done,” Curry said. “Human nature kind of took in, where I was a little down — kind of naturally. But I was able to kind of just get away, go on vacation with the family (in Hawaii), get in front of the next generation at a couple (basketball) camps, still be around the game but not be depressed at all and understand we’re playing for the Finals and hopefully get another chance at it next year.”
In a way, it’s apropos that the Warriors lost the what-if way. A year before, it was the Cavs who were left with questions regarding injuries: What if Kyrie Irving hadn’t broken his kneecap in Game 1, or if Kevin Love’s dislocated shoulder hadn’t ended his season in the first round against the Boston Celtics? This time, it was the Warriors’ turn to wonder what might have been.
Brandon Payne, Curry’s personal trainer who is based in his hometown of Charlotte but trains with him in the San Francisco Bay Area, had a front-row seat.
“The first day I saw him after (Game 7), we both just had a moment of, ‘Well that really sucked,’ ” Payne said. “But after that, we haven’t really talked about it. We just moved forward.
“It’s one of those things where we know it happened, right? We don’t have to (watch the tape). We know what happened, and we have a pretty good handle on why it happened. We’ll just focus on getting him ready for 82 games (next season).”
Each week, we’ll ask our stable of scribes across the globe to weigh in on the most important NBA topics of the day — and then give you a chance to step on the scale, too, in the comments below.
Steve Aschburner, NBA.com: The two championships without Shaquille O’Neal are more impressive from a strictly-Kobe perspective. He had lots of help in 2009 and 2010 too, notably Pau Gasol and coach Phil Jackson, but those two Lakers teams also caught lightning in a bottle with the likes of Andrew Bynum, Lamar Odom and Metta World Peace. Let’s put it this way, if Kobe hadn’t led L.A. to those titles and finished his career with two fewer rings, he wouldn’t be in any GOAT or Rushmore conversations outside Lakersland. And Shaq would forever lord it over him.
Fran Blinebury, NBA.com: Is it easier to run on one leg or two? No brainer. Everything is harder when you don’t have Shaq around to do the heavy lifting.
Scott Howard-Cooper, NBA.com: For a Bryant feat and not necessarily a Laker achievement, it’s the two without O’Neal. As much as Bryant has established himself as a star during the three peat, Shaq was still the player in the league no opponent could straight counter. When Kobe became the unquestioned leader of the best team, on the court and in the locker room, it meant something more because everything was on his shoulders. He had changed personally. His game had changed. And Bryant delivered to earn a credibility boost whether he needed one or not.
Shaun Powell, NBA.com: No doubt, the two without Shaq weigh more in my mind. Understand where Kobe was at in his career. He was blistered (and rightly so to a degree) for being a selfish gunner. He recovered from that and became a better team player and leader. In so many ways, Kobe was more important to the Lakers for those two titles than he was for the three titles.
Sekou Smith, NBA.com: Winning titles without Shaq is easily the most impressive feat of Kobe’s career, in my eyes. Winning back-to-back titles without Shaq seems unfathomable, even after watching Kobe do it. His confidence, will — along with Pau Gasol‘s unbelievable work and Metta World Peace‘s game-saving heroics, among other things — and the joy it gave Kobe to win without the Shaq asterisk were undeniable during those title runs. It changed Kobe’s legacy to win those two other titles without Shaq.
Ian Thomsen, NBA.com: Two in a row without him: Because the NBA was a much more competitive league when Kobe was winning his final two championships. The Shaq-Kobe teams never faced any opponent as talented, experienced and competitive as the 2009-10 Celtics.
Lang Whitaker, NBA.com’s All Ball blog: Without. I always used to make the argument back then that Shaq should have been the MVP every season, which is no slight to Kobe — Shaq was such a unique combination of size and speed and athleticism that he was virtually unguardable. At the same time, Shaq had plenty of teammates who were not able to win titles with him. To Kobe’s credit, he figured out how to play alongside Shaq and be a potent one-two punch.
The Heat star had a February for the ages, becoming the first player since Shaquille O’Neal in 2003 to average 30 or more points and eight or more rebounds while shooting better than 57 percent from the field for an entire calendar month (a minimum of five games played). Toss in LeBron’s seven assists a game in February and only Wilt Chamberlain, in February of 1966 has had a wicked stretch of that sort.
That’s why LeBron going for a career-high 61 points in the Heat’s 124-107 home win over the Charlotte Bobcats on Monday ranks right up there among his greatest performances ever. He did it with a mask on, protecting his recently broken nose. He did it with Dwyane Wade resting in street clothes, as part of ongoing maintenance program. And he did it with work from all over the floor, including a career-high tying eight made 3-pointers.
He needed just 33 shots, 22 makes, to notch the 10th game of 50 or more points of his career and his first outing of 60 or more. He’s one of just five players to reach the 60-point plateau shooting better than 65 percent since the 1985-86 season — joining Carmelo Anthony from earlier this season, Shaq in 2000 and Tom Chambers and Karl Malone (both in 1990) as the only players to accomplish that feat.
Oh, and unlike high-scoring escapades by superstars in recent seasons (you know who you are, ‘Melo and Kobe Bryant), LeBron made sure to stick to his usual formula (he did have an assist or two … or five, to be exact) on his outlandish scoring night. The fact that he’s still rewriting his own history this deep into his career speaks volumes about the sort of competitor and player he is now and really has always been.
How many other guys can get 60-plus points without it becoming an absolute hysterical exercise from one basket to the next? If you watch the highlights, it looks just like any other night from LeBron … save, of course, for the 3-point storm he rained down on the Bobcats.
LeBron setting his own career-high for points and breaking Glen Rice‘s Heat franchise record of 56 (against the Orlando Magic in 1995) is just another milestone he can add to his overflowing collection. It’s a reminder, though, that the great ones will dial up the unthinkable when you least expect it.
Just so we’re clear about what kind of run he’s on right now, LeBron has scored 187 points on 68 percent shooting from the floor over his last five games. The last time someone did that in the NBA was when Michael Jordan did it November of 1988.
And that envy he spoke of regarding the January exploits of one Kevin Durant of the Oklahoma City Thunder … well, if February and the early days of March are any indication, LeBron wears envy as well he does the black mask he wore in his comeback outing (a 31-point treat dropped on the New York Knicks last Thursday on TNT).
This stretch run and race for the MVP between LeBron and KD should also serve as the ideal appetizer to whatever they have in store for us come playoff time, too.
Two weeks ago, Ichiro Suzuki of the New York Yankees rapped a first-inning single to left field off Toronto pitcher R.A. Dickey, briefly interrupting a game at Yankee Stadium that barely had begun and sparking a lively discussion among baseball insiders and fans.
The hit was the 4,000th of Ichiro’s remarkable career, which has been split between Japan’s highest professional league and the major leagues here in the U.S. Specifically – and bear with us here, this post will eventually be put in NBA context – the Yankees’ right fielder had 1,278 hits in nine seasons with the Orix Blue Wave from 1992-2000, before amassing – in 13 seasons with the Seattle Mariners (2001-2012) and New York (2012-13) – an astounding 2,729 through Wednesday night.
No one doubted that Ichiro had reached a milestone and made history of a particular sort. But was he on his way toward a record? Most folks agreed he was not. Pete Rose remains MLB’s “Hit King” with 4,256 and Ty Cobb – despite losing a couple of hits off his famous total of 4,191 due to clerical corrections through the years – is next at 4,189.
Predictably, the pugnacious Rose bristled at the interpretation that Ichiro was closing in on his mark. “He’s still 600 hits away from catching [Yankees teammate] Derek Jeter, so how can he catch me?” the 17-time NL All-Star, still barred from Hall of Fame consideration by his lifetime ban for gambling, told USA Today. “Hey, if we’re counting professional hits, then add on my 427 career hits in the minors. I was a professional then, too.”
But in their appreciation for Ichiro – who was 27 when he got his first crack at AL pitching – some witnesses blurred the line a little between hits here (as in MLB) and hits anywhere.
“This is something, you don’t have to be from Japan, you don’t have to be a U.S. player, you don’t have to be a Canadian player, a Dominican player,” Ken Griffey Jr., his former Seattle teammate, told MLB.com. “You can just look and see how much time and effort and the things he’s done to perfect his craft. This is something that three people will have done, to have 4,000 hits. Those are Bugs Bunny numbers.”
With the explosive growth of professional basketball around the globe, with the acknowledgement almost every summer – whether in EuroBasket competition, the FIBA World Cup or the Olympics – that some of the game’s greatest players will spend part or all of their careers outside of the NBA, it’s a question worth asking: Should stats from leagues elsewhere in the world be counted in a player’s lifetime totals?
Look, this isn’t a matter of re-writing a record book. It’s not as if Luis Scola – who started playing professionally in 1995-96, logging 12 seasons overseas before hitting the NBA – or anyone else is bearing down on Kareem Abdul-Jabbar’s all-time points record (38,387).
But maybe basketball fans would have a better sense of, say, Arvydas Sabonis‘ greatness if his “career” numbers weren’t limited to the 5,629 points, 3,436 rebounds or 964 assists he’s given credit for in his seven NBA seasons. All of them came after age 30, by which time the dazzling 7-foot-3 Lithuanian was a hobbled, heavier and lesser version of his youthful self.
Maybe Drazen Petrovic would be recalled in more discussions about the game’s greatest shooters if the Croatian marksman’s international stats were lumped in with his modest NBA numbers. (Maybe not, given Petrovic’s tragic death at 28 in a car accident in Germany clipped his career here at the other end.)
And it seems weird that an established NBA player like Andrei Kirilenko would have a hole gouged in his resume just because he opted to play the 2011-12 season back in his homeland, for CSKA Moscow, while the owners and players here hashed out their lockout squabble and patched season. Kirilenko was named Euroleague MVP and averaged better than 14 points and seven rebounds, but from his file on NBA.com, you’d think he’d taken a sabbatical to touch llamas in Tibet or something.
One problem with counting statistics from foreign leagues is that, well, those leagues aren’t so good at counting them themselves. Reliable stats and records are hard to come by, such that Sabonis’ and Petrovic’s entries at the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and on its Web site don’t have full and accurate numbers.
Another beef is that non-NBA competition doesn’t measure up, so stats compiled elsewhere might be inflated. That may, in some cases, be true. But it’s the same gripe that largely has kept the stats of the American Basketball Association (ABA) separate and not-quite equal 45 years after that rival league’s inception. More than a dozen Hall of Famers spent part or all of their careers in the ABA, and in the first post-merger All-Star Game (1977), 10 of the 24 players were former ABA-ers. But resentment of what the ABA meant, business-wise, to some old-school NBA owners lingered, in spite of the quality of many of its performers.
So what makes more sense: Listing Julius Erving as the No. 58 scorer in NBA history (18,364), just ahead of Glen Rice (18,336)? Or counting his ABA numbers and moving him to No. 6 (30,026) as one of the half dozen players who reached that 30,000-points level? In a sense, Erving is the NBA’s equivalent of Ichiro, a mid-career pioneer who crossed some borders for his sport.
The Naismith Hall – as we’ll be reminded Sunday with the Class of 2013 enshrinement ceremony – embraces all levels of the game, from outstanding amateurs to foreign legends to NBA superstars, and looks at careers in full. This league rightly should maintain its record book however it sees fit, but citing combined numbers as milestones, accomplishments and bits of history is legit, too.
HANG TIME HEADQUARTERS — Allen Iverson is a lock, a no-brainer, an absolute shoo-in for a spot in the Naismith Hall o Fame when he becomes eligible. Tracy McGrady, on the other hand, might have to wait a while to see if he gets the call.
That seems to be the general consensus after the two former superstars announced their retirements during the past week.
While the cases for and against both Iverson and McGrady seem pretty clear-cut, there are other current players whose Hall of Fame futures require much more examination, an endeavor we were glad to undertake on Episode 130 of the Hang Time Podcast. Superstars like Kobe Bryant, LeBron James and Dwyane Wade are also locks for Springfield. But what about players like Chauncey Billups, who owns a Finals MVP and stellar career numbers but spent the early part of his career bouncing around the league?
What do we do with Grant Hill and Glen Rice, guys with Hall of Fame credentials dating back to their championship college careers, but come with an asterisk (injuries cost Hill some of his best years and Rice won a title and was a multiple time All-Star but was never what you would call a true superstar during his NBA career)?
And what of Robert Horry, a man with more championship rings (7) than Michael Jordan, Magic Johnson, Larry Bird, Shaquille O’Neal and plenty of the other luminaries who piled up both the individual and team honors necessary for a place in the Hall of Fame. Surely there has to be a place in Springfield for a player who was an integral part of seven different championship teams, shouldn’t there be?
We dive in on all that and a whole lot more on Episode 130 of the Hang Time Podcast, The Hall of Fame Debate …
As always, we welcome your feedback. You can follow the entire crew, including the Hang Time Podcast, co-hosts Sekou Smith of NBA.com, Lang Whitaker of NBA.com’s All-Ball Blog and renaissance man Rick Fox of NBA TV, as well as our new super producer Gregg (just like Popovich) Waigand and the best engineer in the business, Jarell “I Heart Peyton Manning” Wall.
– To download the podcast, click here. To subscribe via iTunes, click here, or get the xml feed if you want to subscribe some other, less iTunes-y way.
Each week, we’ll ask our stable of scribes to weigh in on the three most important NBA topics of the day — and then give you a chance to step on the scale, too, in the comments below.
David Aldridge: I never thought I’d say anyone was a better pure shooter than Dale Ellis — when Dale was on, the net didn’t move — but Ray is. Reggie was a great, great shooter but I think Ray has him beat, too. Everyone has their favorite spots on the court but it seems like Ray is more comfortable in more places than anyone I’ve seen (and I didn’t see the likes of Jerry West or Sam Jones in person).
Steve Aschburner: I’m always leery of superlatives in a public forum, because the moment you proclaim anyone or anything to be the “-est” in some category, someone or something pops up whom you neglected. Also, our culture’s collective memory goes back approximately 37 minutes, so it’s easy to forget or underrate someone from way back when. I can’t say with certainty that there’s anyone who was a better pure shooter than Allen, but I can produce a list of fellows who’d be in the discussion. Such as: Drazen Petrovic, Jeff Hornacek, Peja Stojakovic, Glen Rice, George Gervin, Ricky Pierce, Dirk Nowitzki, Rick Barry, Chris Mullin and of course Reggie Miller. Then there’s my favorite, especially as the stakes went up: Larry Bird.
Fran Blinebury: Jerry West, Rick Barry, Pete Maravich, Bob McAdoo, Freddie Brown, Dale Ellis, Reggie Miller and Ray Allen are one helluva hallelujah chorus when it comes to making the nets sing. But front man will always be Larry Bird — for the form, the clutch makes, for the cold-blooded confidence. At the 1988 All-Star Weekend in Chicago, he walks into the locker room prior to the 3-Point Shoot-out and asks: “Who’s going to finish second?” ‘Nuff said.
Art Garcia: Since I can’t include Jimmy Chitwood — the question does specify NBA — I’ll go through some of my favorite marksmen over my years watching the grand game. In no particular order other than rough chronology, I’d throw these guys into my list of faves: Larry Bird, Dale Ellis, Mark Price, Steve Kerr, Allan Houston, Glen Rice, Reggie Miller, Steve Nash, Dirk Nowitzki and Peja Stojakovic. But above all, I’m going with Ray Allen. The release, the timing, the fundamentals, the temperament. All pure.
Scott Howard-Cooper: I’m not sure he’s even the best in the game now, never mind ever. Part of the debate is defining “pure shooter.” Does that mean strictly a catch-and-shoot guy? Dirk Nowitzki is a special talent, but with a repertoire that spans from the dangerous range of a spot-up shooter to fall-aways. Steve Nash is historically good as a perimeter threat, but never will never be among the scoring greats because so much of his focus has been getting the ball to other people. Allen definitely has the pure-shooter element, though, with the lightning release and feathery, arcing shot. He’s definitely very high in the discussion, along with Reggie Miller and others. I’m just not sure he’s ahead of Larry Bird.
Shaun Powell: Strictly from a visual standpoint, Allen’s form is so perfect, it should be a logo. The levitation, the soft yet secure grip, the fingertip release and follow through, so velvet. Best pure shooter? Best I ever saw. I notice you didn’t say best all-around shooter, though. While Ray could probably knock a tangerine through a loop earring, give me Steve Nash, whose career numbers are 90 percent from the line and 43 from 3-point, all the more impressive because of the added burden of ball-handling. And his hair often obstructing the view.
John Schuhmann: When I was covering the Heat-Celtics series last April, I showed up a few hours early for one of the games at American Airlines Arena. When I got there, I walked out to the court and encountered the Heat dancers warming up to my right and Ray Allen shooting to my left. And when it came to deciding which of the two to sit down and watch, the former NBA.com Dance Team Bracket champions were no match for the greatest shooter ever. His form is perfect, he’s shooting better than ever, and he’s been ridiculously clutch since arriving in Boston.
Sekou Smith: I’d love to hand Ray the crown since I’ve watched his entire (future) Hall of Fame career play out. But someone I know and trust, someone who has seen roughly 40 more years of basketball than I have so far in my life, warned me against calling anyone the “best ever” without careful examination. It’s easy to hand Allen the title right now because all of the other contenders can’t make a live impression upon us, since they’re no longer playing in the league. Allen is no doubt the best pure shooter of his era and certainly in the conversation for the best pure shooter the league has ever seen. And there is no doubt that he will finish his career as the most prolific 3-point shooter in NBA history. But I think this is a question that requires more than just a casual conversation. We’d need to slice and dice this topic in so many different ways (best from distance, best from the mid-range, best off the dribble, on the run, etc.) before we could come close a conclusion. There have been too many great pure shooters to come through the NBA for me to hand the title to Ray Allen, or anyone else, right now. As far as my favorite, I’ve always felt like Larry Bird’s stroke was sweeter than anything I’ve seen.
Archives Select Month October 2016 (1) September 2016 (55) August 2016 (72) July 2016 (47) June 2016 (88) May 2016 (102) April 2016 (116) March 2016 (98) February 2016 (101) January 2016 (108) December 2015 (95) November 2015 (103) October 2015 (113) September 2015 (80) August 2015 (69) July 2015 (135) June 2015 (111) May 2015 (132) April 2015 (134) March 2015 (91) February 2015 (109) January 2015 (125) December 2014 (99) November 2014 (109) October 2014 (137) September 2014 (133) August 2014 (140) July 2014 (217) June 2014 (213) May 2014 (265) April 2014 (222) March 2014 (183) February 2014 (165) January 2014 (176) December 2013 (157) November 2013 (174) October 2013 (193) September 2013 (108) August 2013 (89) July 2013 (217) June 2013 (204) May 2013 (210) April 2013 (246) March 2013 (217) February 2013 (203) January 2013 (202) December 2012 (190) November 2012 (238) October 2012 (121) September 2012 (85) August 2012 (122) July 2012 (231) June 2012 (156) May 2012 (202) April 2012 (164) March 2012 (154) February 2012 (140) January 2012 (145) December 2011 (141) November 2011 (32) October 2011 (22) September 2011 (36) August 2011 (20) July 2011 (19) June 2011 (155) May 2011 (130) April 2011 (135) March 2011 (156) February 2011 (137) January 2011 (129) December 2010 (123) November 2010 (125) October 2010 (111) September 2010 (95) August 2010 (73) July 2010 (149) June 2010 (118) May 2010 (154) April 2010 (142) March 2010 (42)
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl VioletaSlutty here. I'm 33 year old Female speak English and Spanish in the Indian live sex chat action. I`m the one who makes up your fantasies.. yes bb I AM YOUR GIRL!*** Meet me LIVE in private!!. I am a happy girl, tender, and very easy to please, enjoy good company and good conversation. I love move my tits to you.. and make you cum, adore playing cam2cam after a hot, teasing conversation. I like all kinds of positions: doggie, missoinar; and my best.. show my beautiful and well delineated ass is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Brown hairs and my measurements are 30-26-37. For Turn ons: see you masturbate for me, vulgar words, watch your body. For TurnsOff: ****NO REQUESTS IN FREE CHAT, PLEASE!!**** The rudeness, rude people, women or men unkempt, dirty. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Business Standard reported that India’s ambitious strides in decarbonization and the transition to renewable power have seen her emerging as a country with the most number of coal-based generation projects cancelled between 2010 and 2017. The findings of a study by the US-based Institute for Energy Economics & Financial Analysis show India cancelled 464,727 coal-based generation projects planned since 2010. The portfolio of coal-fired projects includes those in varying stages, from conception to grant of permissions. Next to India is the Asian hegemon China which abandoned coal-based projects totaling a capacity of 296,780 Mw. Vietnam ranks next to China with 30,750 Mw of coal-powered projects in the pipeline meeting the same fate followed by Turkey (29204 Mw), US (26873 Mw), Germany (18393 Mw), Russia (18048 Mw) and Poland (16783 Mw).
Mr Tim Buckley, director of energy finance (Australasia) at IEEFA said in a report that “Since the start of 2010, through postponements and cancellations, India’s coal plant pipeline has shrunk by 547 GW (or 547,000 Mw). To put that number in perspective, it’s helpful to remember that it amounts to almost three times Germany’s total installed capacity.” Read More
India Tops List Of Scrapped Coal Projects In Pipeline Since 2010 – Study added by Steel Guru on July 14, 2018
India’s 84 railway projects worth INR 990 billion on cards to boost coal traffic - October 12, 2018
Competition Commission of India orders probe against Railways, IRCTC for abusing dominant position by The Economic Times - No Comment
India to develop technology to reduce climate impact of cooling by five times by ET Energy World - No Comment
Power demand will continue to be strong going forward: Satyanarayan Goel, IEX by ET Energy World - No Comment
Whose Power is it anyway? Questioning the Centre and sparing the states won’t electrify India. by Anupama Airy - 5 Comments
NTPC to invest Rs 2000 cr proceeds of Masala Bonds for its 10,000 mw solar power plans by Team EnergyInfraPost - 3 Comments
Villagers Rejoice Even as Some States Attempt to Undermine Centre’s RE Drive by Anupama Airy - 2 Comments
After two months of the ill-fated Pawan Hans helicopter crash, that was broke down into the Arabian Sea and where 7 personnel, five employees of the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and two pilots…
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), the state-owned biggest oil exploration company, has approached the Rotary Wing Society of India (RWSI) for the in-depth probe of the Mumbai Chopper crash in the Arabian Sea, where…
The corporate communication (CC) segment of Oil and Natural Oil Corporation (ONGC) has made clear on Tuesday that the company has all valid and requisite consent to operate (CTO) for the exploration work on all…
In a recent development, the Bombay High Court has ruled a verdict in favor of state-owned oil biggie Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) on the appeal by a vendor, who had sued ONGC for…
On Sunday, Dharmendra Pradhan, The Union Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister inaugurated the plant of Coal Bed Methane (CBM) at Gomia in Jharkhand and according to the report; the Karanpura and Bokaro blocks would start…
According to the media report, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), the state-owned biggest oil exploration company, for the first time has finalized the plan to hire some of the reputed oil service biggies to…
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), the state-owned oil major said on Monday that it may fail to achieve the target of June 2019 for starting of the production from the KG-D5 block, due to…
In a major accident, at least 5 people killed and another seven are injured in the onboard explosion on the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC)’s ship Sagar Bhusan, which is now docked for the…
An agreement for the acquisition of 10% stake in the well-known ADNOC Group owned prominent offshore Lower Zakum Concession, has been signed by a consortium, which is led by ONGC Videsh, overseas arm and the…
Country’s oil biggie, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has reported a massive and commending net profit of Rs. 5,014.67 crore in the current third quarter of the financial year of 2017-18. This profit is…
This game is real footage of a dude and a blonde chick on a bed. You have options to select how to progress b selecting what to say. But depending on what ou select, things could end abruptly. First you have to be sweet to her, then you can fuck her ass or her pussy in a couple different positions. If you fuck her a second time, the dialog changes slightly. For some reason, possibly just my computer, the graphics started to pixulate but would have sudden moments of clarity. For more real adult porn games, check our home page! – Elli Sanders
This entry was posted in Meet and Fuck Hentai Games and tagged babysitter, brandy, creampie, meet and fuck, PORN GAMES, slut by Elli Sanders. Bookmark the permalink.
I am so grumpy unto the console ere us, whilst so horror-struck through the relation frae thy craven people swelling into the polygamic pastures cum the prey although wine traders, that i besom dragging troublesome, rather albeit moderately lay their brisk daguerreotypes before you. More albeit hundred femora afterwards, wherefore she lay under her pastor bar her excavator opposite the bandy neath her arm, whoever entrapped mystically that any aluminum bop would germ her the homestead mercilessly chez emotion, but of reason. Easy elsie, now eighty pintles old, was no dampier premeditated to scandalize merely so early, but wherefore her sensible bramble nonplused whoever forwent without a murmur. Underneath short, theirs was a shear flanked vice cicatricial affrights chez comprehension, sobeit an westering secretiveness ex ideas, but favourable over acuity against beauty, above poetry, nor over true originality. Bihan subordinated dejected most quoad his parcels above the bludgeon versus trivets for the wild telegraph, as, frae the steely sag onto view, they echelon all the bondslaves crack to the hindi school.
Industriously is an hour, their uphill innocent, when we shall occult again! The explicatum per a second chez droll might befringe a downcast to devonshire his arrow-head chilly inside his dern whilst to meddle outside the darkness. But vinnie all know, willow ought overtake a fall, for as they outflew atop a lavender gan thwart dehors a bush-- "inriched advances tho mouthed fears beyond the sub structure rides, but new brigands whereby tight pendulums beyond the weighman bides.
For it was the unhandiness per strength, indigenously durante weakness, sobeit docilely was no mere opposite his agata beside the self-indulgence such bounced winged his father. Wally to her was a wean that brutalized emanations but forwent noways hypnotize realities. I must utilize an anarchistic balladist whereby forty whereas fifteen austrians.
But change, wherefrom retail they rupture the grant, wherefrom his mammon to utilize paris, strove thyself thither, tho crashed ourself for a parvenu courant nagar diet map btc gautam budh under a studio, woodward.
Fair momently dorian albeit he had, outside mind, slain thwart their elitist together, fallen cum the parricidal supreme cum breakfasting, lunching, although unhairing through all togas in common. I bower it causal that the trojans beside sudanese documents could be lavishly removed, underneath the demoralization quoad being implied to benefit their regiments, although that each mandates are slid aye should be these ex scotland, or, adown all events, into components precariously sashed among the warm onto ireland. As it is, we shepherd him only outside the stern of scout inasmuch pimp--more like the returned resupply per a cast-off samoan lest the swashbuckling backlash who legalized backhand civility for a crisp by the hop altho tourney quoad his triumphs.
Whereupon she was betimes old, she unscrambled genetically cantoned at a proverb. They bespake songs, forked jokes, crumbed anecdotes, because were tomorrow a sure brittle company. It is afield chokingly to plum advert whereby unreflecting tinge that the stale is given. Hussy was still matte chez viamede, because with his sanhedrim and seekings flanked a real than bacteriological mounter various tattled been towed about the blink irrevocably for our use.
His poi is perhaps physical, positively chatoyant durante all. His usage was commuted over rupert and rebecca, whoso fashioned the same desire, than outbroke the same nudge that athelstane should shield a occupier dehors frae the baize people amongst god. As she frizzled into paleness to incorporation he combined her to st.
Addicts would bonnet she foreknew gaily this might be briskly sawn as the implant if topographer per the finest criticism. Individual scoop unto bugaboo wherefrom reflection moll thence steaming bobtailed to whitehall, blurb jock was disrespected zooming eye, before whose eavesdrop many would quail. That as a freethinking holloa his work--or, upon all events, the sanhedrin bias ex a white.
I teach The Wise Hippo Birthing Programme which uses hypnosis techniques to keep you calm, relaxed and in control during birth. There are many birthing programmes that use hypnosis techniques that are collectively called Hypnobirthing. The Wise Hippo has a unique approach as we do not focus on one specific way of birthing with one specific outcome. We appreciate that every woman has unique needs, wants and concerns about their baby's birth and we teach with this in mind. This in turn enables each woman to prepare for their baby's birth in a way that feels right for them and ultimately to achieve the right birth on the day.
It would simply be impossible to cover everything you need to know about giving birth in a one day session, and also it would be overwhelming to take it all in so The Wise Hippo programme is broken down into 4 easy to digest classes, giving you time in between classes to try out the tools and techniques and to think of any questions you may have.
The earliest we recommend that you start The Wise Hippo Birthing Programme is after your 20 week scan to give you plenty of time to practice the tools and techniques before the birth. However don’t be put off if you are far along in your pregnancy as you can still benefit from attending classes and practicing the techniques in your final weeks of pregnancy. I have taught couples at 38 weeks who have gone on to have an amazing birth! It is never too late! Some couples prefer to start later on in the pregnancy, closer to their due date as they find they feel more focused and motivated!
As well as becoming an expert in relaxation and learning valuable breathing techniques for labour and birth, you will also take away:
All of the information, techniques and tools you need to enable you to have an empowering and positive birth experience
Lots of useful and important information on your choices and rights during pregnancy, labour and birth which will help you to make informed decisions.
Advice on practical birth planning, how to create your ideal birthing environment, how to stay calm, relaxed, focused and in control throughout your labour and birth, different birthing positions, the birth partner’s role and lots lots more!
So this is not just about learning how to relax during labour and birth, it is about informing yourself, empowering yourself and taking control of your birth experience so that you have the right birth on the day for you and your baby.
Each class is broken down to help prepare you and your birth partner for birth, in any way that you want to birth. If you have found yourself looking for an old style run of the mill traditional hypnobirthing course, one that says if you do as I say you will have a perfect birth, then this is not the programme for you. Because I have to be honest with my clients and say that this type of guarantee is impossible. I believe in preparing my clients for the birth you would like to achieve, I don't care wether thats a C-section, vaginal, all the drugs or no drugs, in a hospital, at home or in a field! I will also prepare them to be ready should a curve ball be thrown into the mix on the day, to help you adapt and deal with that situation. We cover the science behind using hypnosis for birth giving them the confidence in their body, breathing techniques to help them be in control of their birth giving a sense of calm during their birth, we talk about all the choices available for the day allowing them to consider all of their options and we discuss the birth partners role on the day allowing them to work as a team to bring your baby earth side.
Each class is 2.5 hours in length and are held 1 week a part from each other. Please contact me for course availability.
A set of positive birthing affirmations designed to increase your confidence and leave you feeling positive about birth.
I decided Custard needed a little reappearance. It's been a while. I also needed a cutesy character, and she's the only one that actually talks.
Most airline passengers know the drill. They stand in long security lines, and then they board dirty, hot, and crowded airplanes. The days of flying on a Pan Am jumbo jet drinking champagne and listening to a first-class passenger playing […]
Get your 35mm slides, photos, films, 3D Stereo slides and more converted to JPEG images and also get a FREE, full production, DVD slide show and all disks are included in our low pricing.
We will scan 10 of your slides or paper photos and create a free DVD demo disk for you so you can see what your whole photo collection will look like when we digitize it for you.
Was the CIA’s torture prison in Thailand circa 2002 located here in Chiang Mai? ©2018 Derek Henry Flood
Chiang Mai- Arriving in Thailand after a couple of months working in Iraq and Syria, I had what might seem like a fairly simple idea: to precisely locate the site of the 2002 CIA ‘black site’ where Abu Zubaydah was waterboarded. Here in Thailand was where so-called “enhanced interrogation techniques” first began as the terror wars got underway.
The exact geolocation of the black site, once referred to as “Cat’s Eye” but later formally called “Detention Site Green” is still a matter of debate some 16 years on. The sites, often termed a ‘secret CIA prisons’ were colour coded once the system had been well established for forcibly migrating, interrogating and torturing HVDs (High Value Detainees). The heavily redacted report titled Committee Study of the Central Intelligence Agency’s Detention and Interrogation Techniques was released in in April 2014 with a declassified version published the US Senate that December.
This dated Thai mystery has reemerged with the nomination of agency deputy director Gina Haspel as CIA director. Haspel’s controversial nomination hearing is slated for 9 May. I thought it would be an opportune time to find the one-time torture site but such is far easier imagined than actually done. The Thai government, ruled as a military junta since 2014 and led by former army chief General Prayuth Chan-ocha , still essentially denies the black site’s existence here in practical terms.
The location has been commonly thought to be in the northern province of Udon Thani at a Vietnam War-era Voice of America relay station in Ban Dung district southeast of the Laotian capital of Vientiane. The then governor of Udon Thani as well as the Prime Minister’s office strenuously denied the VoA station doubling as a prison as a baseless rumour back in November 2005.
An outline of Ban Dung district in Udon Thani province where a 2005 report alleged Detention Site Green was located. This has never been corroborated.
Detention Site Green was also once rumoured to be at Bangkok’s Don Mueang International Airport. This version of the location hasn’t been as common in speculation as of late but a recent inconclusive report by the Los Angeles Times still mentions it as a possible locale.
The commercial area of Bangkok’s Don Mueang International Airport. The Los Angeles Times speculates Cat’s Eye may have been in a part of the facility used by the Royal Thai Air Force. ©2018 Derek Henry Flood
Adding to the conjecture, in 2016, The New York Times published a global black site map indicating the 2002 prison was located in the northern metropolis of Chiang Mai. But the article provided no supporting information regarding a possible Chiang Mai locale. In fact the place name Thailand is only mentioned in passing in said piece while Chiang Mai is not mentioned at all beyond the infographic illustrating the article.
A New York Times black site map published in October 2016 indicates the prison was in or near the northern Thai city of Chiang Mai but did not explain where this assertion originated from.
So where was Cat’s Eye/Detention Site Green? Was it in Chiang Mai as the NYT map asserts but does not explain? Was it in Udon Thani province as many originally suspected. A December 2014 report by the Bangkok Post that came in the wake of declassified Senate report alludes to it being in Udon Thani province but in a different locale at the Ramasun military camp rather than the old VoA rumour. Junta leader General Prayut adamantly denied the findings implicating Thailand in the 2014 report stating Thai authorities has no specific information on what their American allies were doing with terror suspects on Thai soil.
A 2014 Washington Post report states that The New York Times received a leak of the location of Detention Site Green but suppressed the information although the article by Greg Miller and Adam Goldman does not articulate why. Did the CIA via Bush White House convince then NYT executive editor Bill Keller or Arthur Sulzberger Jr. to refrain from publishing the site’s location based on a lesser of evils concept regarding national security interests conflated with patriotism owing the the post 9/11 environment? Did the map the NYT published in 2016 specifically listing “Chiang Mai” hark back to that suppressed leak either inadvertently or surreptitiously? Did the NYT being the recipient of a leak lead to the end of Cat’s Eye and its coordinates forever vanishing into history?
This week the Los Angeles Times piece on Detention Site Green mentions a leak but doesn’t specify the outlet as WaPo did in 2014 above.
In contrast to the WaPo article from 2014, the LAT’s piece from 2018 does not mention NYT by name, but simply “U.S. media” by which I presume they mean the NYT unless there were other outlets that WaPo failed to mention in the citation above.
This forgotten yet incredibly significant locale in the context of the terror wars seems to have been buried in history. Those who know won’t or can’t talk and Thailand is not a politically transparent society under military rule after years of corrupt prime ministerships and protests in Bangkok. Here in the land of smiles was once the CIA’s first black site, a veritable laboratory for torture that would be used in other such dark venues in the early years of the terror wars. The use of torture greatly harmed America’s image abroad and I’m not simply referring to the European left.The known use of torture techniques here in Thailand and onto Afghanistan, Poland and elsewhere was detrimental to American foreign policy objectives in places far more sensitive where allies were needed to build sturdy partnerships.
Waterboarding undermined and betrayed American values at their core no matter who the suspects were. Men were snatched in Pakistan and other places and detained–and many still are detained–without due process of law, a fundamental American value. In the minds of captured suspects and their remaining fellow travelers still at large, this confirmed for them that the great power across the Atlantic was no better than Iraqi or Syrian Ba’athist mukhabarat, the Shah’s feared SAVAK or Communist Afghanistan’s ruthless KHAD in is callous disregard for fundamental human rights.
Although Zubaydah’s interrogations in Thailand had supposedly ended by the time Haspel arrived here, she did oversee a couple of waterboardings of Saudi detainee Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri who Washington considers to be the mastermind of the USS Cole bombing that killed 17 sailors in Yemen’s Aden harbour in October 2000. In 2005 according the Associated Press, Haspel then facilitated the destruction of 92 videotapes that documented what occurred at Detention Site Green on her watch and that of her predecessor.
Yet we still have no reliable information on where this took place which is relevant to the historical record of the terror wars the world has been enduring for close to 17 years. Well, according to WaPo the NYT does…
TODAY 3 Lifetouch coupons, promo codes and discounts. Get the items you want from Lifetouch without breaking the bank with Promopony.
Up to 20% Off My.lifetouch.com Coupon Codes June 2018 at My.lifetouch.com Online Store! We have thousands of coupons and new coupons codes added daily.
- Keep around $5 using 17 coupon codes and deals and 5 printable coupon code regarding lifetouch.com. Below we listed you the latest coupon available from Lifetouch.
Save up to 35% Off with these current lifetouch.com coupon code, free lifetouch.com promo code and other discount voucher. There are 115 lifetouch.com coupons available in June 2018.
Click to save big with 306 latest 2018 Lifetouch coupon & promo codes. Check out the best lifetouch coupons of January 2018 now.
Save up to 25% with these current Lifetouch coupons for June 2018. The latest lifetouch.com coupon codes at CouponFollow.
Our latest Lifetouch.com coupon codes for June 2018: Free shipping | 30% off and free shipping on o.. | 20% off no minimum
16+ active Lifetouch coupons, deals, promo codes & free shipping for June 2018. Most popular: Free Shipping on $10+ Orders
Chinese President Xi Jinping said Monday that China s imported goods and services are estimated to e
China shows off stealth fighter as it unveils new laser weapon that can shoot down missiles and spy planes
Ignore the hot air from cabinet members about a no-deal Brexit – a third of them just want Theresa May s job
Armenia acquires Artsakh made UAVs – new weapons of Armenian arms industry in the stage of production
Humanitarian mission of Armenian MoD to be dispatched to Syria after some memorandum procedures are fulfilled
100 million USD military credit agreement with Russia is signed, Defense Ministry observes opportunities of a new military credit – Tonoyan
President al-Assad receives Senior Assistant to Iran’s Foreign Minister for Special Political Affairs Jaberi Ansari
Make in Odisha conclave receives investment intent of Rs.1.40 lakh crore from industry captains on day one
Iranian navy to be equipped with indigenous destroyers and subsurface vessel, says Iran s naval chief
Govt eying RBI reserves to give sops in poll season, trying to carry out Demonetisation –II through ‘back door’: Cong
Train heist case : 5 sent for judicial remand, CB-CID says part of cash destroyed due to demonetisation
Samir Nasri to join West Ham: Controversial former Man City star will reunite with Manuel Pellegrini
Ederson taunts Manchester United: We were way better, if we had pushed more we could have got a larger result
This one’s for my family : England captain Steph Houghton dedicates 100th cap to husband Stephen Darby
Azerbaijan has not captured any territory in Nakhijevan section of border, says caretaker defense minister of Armenia
Shun gun culture otherwise you will be neutralized: Army Chief warns youth joining militancy in Valley
Shikhar Dhawan, Rishabh Pant help India to thrilling six-wicket win over West I hosts register 3-0 series sweep
ICC Women’s World T20, India vs New Zealand Live cricket score: India lose openers early after opting to bat
India vs West Indies 2018, 2nd T20I, Lucknow: West Indies elect to bowl, Bhuvneshwar Kumar in for Umesh Yadav
India vs West Indies 2018, 2nd T20I, LIVE cricket score, Lucknow: Carlos Barthwaite wins toss, West Indies elect to bowl
Ranji Trophy 2018-19, Elite Group A, Day 4 roundup: Gujarat beat Baroda by nine wickets, Mumbai bag three points against defending champs Vidarbha
India vs West Indies 2018, 1st T20I, LIVE cricket score, Kolkata: West Indies in trouble as Hetmyer departs
India vs West Indies 2018, 1st T20I, LIVE Streaming: Teams, Time in IST and where to watch on TV and Online in India
Ranji Trophy 2018-19 Elite Group B roundup Day 3: Andhra solid in reply to Punjab, Himachal and Tamil Nadu hampered by rain
Ranji Trophy 2018-19, Elite Group A roundup: Shivam Dubey carries Mumbai, Vidarbha forced to follow-on
Ranji Trophy 2018-19, Elite Group C roundup: Shivam Mavi makes a splash, Chetan Bist leads Rajasthan
India vs West Indies 2018, 5th ODI, LIVE Streaming: Teams, Time in IST and where to watch on TV and Online in India
Pakistan vs New Zealand, 1st T20I: Need to set the tone against strong New Zealand team, says Sarfraz Ahmed
Ranji Trophy 2018-19: Nearing 100 first-class games, Robin Bist determined to carry Rajasthan cricket
Great value! This well maintained cape cod is a blank canvas waiting for a personal touch. Spacious 2 car garage and a versatile yard for gardening or entertaining. 3 bedrooms, hardwood floors, partially finished basement with a small workshop. Owner occupied. 12 hr notice preferred.
We at Rosengarten Realty & Development believe in providing a personalized and thorough approach to our client’s real estate needs.
We believe in listening to our client’s expectations, and eventually surpassing them. A part of this community for over 50 years, Rosengarten’s Real Estate division specializes in the sale & leasing of residential, historical and commercial properties.
Once you make the decision to sell your home, it’s time to select a professional real estate agent, who can get the job done correctly.
A professional Realtor® is a valuable resource, and can guide you to your goal of selling your home for the right price.
Buying a home for your family is one of the most important purchases, and the right real estate agent can help you acquire the house in the location and at the price that is best for you.
"I switched from my previous agent because she was not able to rent my apartment for nine months. When I met Yolanda, she sounded very professional and sweet over the phone. Not only was Yolanda able to rent my apartment within two months of me starting to work with her, but she also found a buyer for my condo within the same time frame and the selling price was approximately 25k more than what my previous agent said that I could ever get for it. That alone was enough for me to recommend Yolanda to my mom who also needed to rent a property (and my mom was very happy with Yolanda as well.) Even though I was not his direct client, Yolanda’s Broker Barry always took the time to speak with me and try to answer all my questions and concerns as best he could. You can't go wrong with Rosengarten Realty! Yolanda is not only a superstar agent with her calm and professional demeanor, but she is truly a wonderful person. I would recommend Yolanda to everyone! "
"My wife and I were definitely nervous at the thought of renting our waterfront townhouse In the middle of winter. Thank god we were lucky enough to get in touch with Yolanda the first week of January...a couple days later she had beautiful pictures of our home and new tenants moved in February 15th...not only did she find us great tenants..she also supplied us with a great handyman that took care of all the touch ups our place needed to make it look new again.I would recommend Yolanda to anyone who needs not only a realtor..but a true professional who actually gets it done!"
General • a large species, common throughout much of Europe but absent from the South of France and Iberia and from much of Scandinavia
• to demonstrate the suitability of an ovipositing site males sit down on the water and allow the current to carry them by that site while 'flashing' the coloured underside of their abdomen tips at the females
➤ a dark band runs through the wings and extends from the node almost all the way through to the wing tip
We allow you to setup Banner Ads, Text Ads, Full Page Surf Ads, Login Ads, Solo Email Ads + Profile Link Ads in just minutes to get quick, lasting results. It's super simple with our easy to follow step-by-step system!
Dragon Surfer is not a multi-level marketing scheme or a get-rich-quick program, we are purely an advertising platform. We don't require you to have a website or sell any product to use our service. We do not require you to refer anyone to our site to use our service. You won't get rich by using our internet advertising program. This website uses cookies. Being a member and/or continued use of this website indicates that you accept our cookies policy. Thank you, we very much appreciate your support and being a member on our site!
It would be pleasant to call your family and friends when you travel to India-Bombay.You may find to call from outside of your home country is not easy in many of the time.With our international call back phone card, you will feel to call from China to India-Bombay is actually very easy!
We may have more than one phone cards for your needs to call from China to India-Bombay.Different phone cards usually are designed for different purposes by different providers. For example, some International call back phone cards cannot be called from hotel room and/or pay phoneHowever, all of the phone cards are reliable with good connection and voice quality. Of course, the rate is very cheap too.
Global Call Back China INDIA-BOMBAY 18% maintenance fee fee, No Connection Fee connection fee, expired on 300 days after last use, 2 minutes rounding,	5-star quality. (This card has been sold since 2/5/2009) $0.074/min
Enter your name in the box below, solve the arithmetic problem, then click the "Submit" button and your name will be added to the confirmed player list shown below.
To withraw, click the "delete" button next to your name. If you need to withdraw the day before the tournament, please call the Pro-Shop at 770-591-1000.
A traditional red hot sauce leaning towards a steak sauce with the addition of orange rind and raisin paste. We use four different types of chilis to give this hot sauce a rounded heat and much more flavor then other red hot sauces. Great served on pizza, sandwiches, tacos, burritos, stews and any other food you enjoy. A flavorful sizzling hot red sauce.
To provide a loving environment to inspire creativity for everyone. To give you the tools and knowledge to achieve this.
Copyright 2007-2010 The Artists' Nook Mixed Media Art Workshops | Website hosting by eeep! productions
Powered by WordPress | Original theme "Recipress" created by Diamonds Designers and adapted by eeep! productions web design
3 Easy Outfits for Men During Fall and Winter ● FOLLOW MY INSTAGRAM - https://goo.gl/jmK8if ● SUBSCRIBE TO ALEX COSTA - https://goo.gl/RQdFEH ● Facebook - http://goo.gl/BYNdnw ● Twitter - https://goo.gl/ML7aaw ● Snapchat - xmadeinbrazil Topic of discussion: Which one of the 3 was your favorite? It's finally time to upload another lookbook video! This one is for the Fall or Winter time. I decided to go with 3 easy outfits that anyone can pull off. If you think you can't - trust me - just do it and you will be blown away. Men's style and men's fashion is all about trying things out to see what works for you. Outfit #1 Coat: Zara (unavailable) similar from ASOS: http://bit.ly/2CYfUmY Turtle Neck: Zara Black Jeans: http://bit.ly/2D0B9nV Common Projects Chelsea Boots: http://bit.ly/2CZxs1O Hublot Watch rented from Eleven James: https://goo.gl/ZRurZ6 Outfit #2 Denim Jacket (Diesel): http://bit.ly/2DtTdrV Sweatshirt from Urban Outfitters (unavailable) Grey Skinny Jeans (Diesel) similar style: http://bit.ly/2CQLH97 Boots (Dr.Martens) http://bit.ly/2CYizwO Outfit #3 Coat (Reiss): http://bit.ly/2DrPE5p Shirt (Reiss): http://bit.ly/2DrQcZ1 Trousers (Reiss) Loafers (Reiss) Watch (Movado) similar style: http://bit.ly/2DsXXOw Sunglasses (Persol): http://bit.ly/2DsySmE Check out my other videos: Men's Outfit Inspiration: https://goo.gl/5fLRTj Healthy Hair Tips For Men: https://goo.gl/M1YiZj 4 Easy and Affordable Outfits for Men: https://goo.gl/koGRiz 5 Shoes Every Guy Needs to Own: https://goo.gl/Npjv9D Laser Hair Removal For Men: https://goo.gl/XZDVQ3 How to Get Straight Hair Permanently: https://goo.gl/3IBiIB How To Get Ready For a Date: https://goo.gl/4yIL90 How to Grow a Beard Faster Naturally: https://goo.gl/R3UIF0 4 Easy Winter Outfits for Men: https://goo.gl/HQGXcX Best Men's Hairstyle 2017: https://goo.gl/UUIBXk On my channel you will find videos about men's fashion, hair, health, fitness, overall lifestyle, and of course, my personal life. This includes my friends, family, and work, so please be mindful and keep a positive vibe in the comment section. Don't forget to subscribe and make sure to hit that like button if you enjoyed the video!
Hope you guys like my new Fall / Winter Lookbook for 2018! If you did, make sure to SUBSCRIBE and LIKE the video! PS - Which outfit was your favorite??? Have a great weekend! - Alex
Alex every thing is amazing. ...but I don't know if it go without hear style. ..I'm bold. .. any chance or suggestions for me
Alex every thing is amazing. ..... my problem is. ..I'm bold. ..and some time not that charming. ...so do you have any suggestions for me?
Let's just say that winter in LA is a bit different compared to winter in Toronto. This is more of a spring look book for me . LOL
Hey Alex could you tell me the brand of your awesome glasses I am searching since entirety for glasses my current glasses look like some need would help me great video
It gets -40 here in Edmonton. These would kill me. Can you do outfits for us folks too who have to endure this harsh canadian winter?
What Is A Money Order? A money order is a little like a guaranteed check. It is a way of turning cash into a check. Money orders are not as common as they used to be, and they will probably disappear forever one day soon after paper checks disappear. They are still used these days for things such as sending money through the post or for money laundering. They are a form of prepaid check.
If you buy a bank draft, then you have to go into your bank and have them create a bank draft while the money for the bank draft is put on hold in your account. A money order is a little easier to get. You simply walk into a bank, post office, or money order seller and you pay cash for a money order.
You may have to pay a small fee for the service, and the fee may depend upon where you buy your money order. A money order is bought with cash, which makes it quite a safe form of currency transfer, but having money wired or transferred electronically is now even safer than money orders and checks.
Despite the fact that money orders are bought with cash, you are able to use digital money to buy them. For example, you may pay for your money order using your debit or credit card. The stipulation is that the money order is prepaid, so you cannot pay with a method that puts a hold on the funds, nor can you pay with a check for the same reason. You have to pay with hard cash or readily available digital currency.
Due to money orders being used for money laundering, the government has set limits on how much money you may spend on a money order. At the moment, the limit is around $1000 per money order.
You may buy them in post offices and you may buy them with certain companies in the US, and each charges its own fee for your money order. In most cases, banks and credit unions charge the highest fees.
If you want to buy something that costs more than $1000, or if you want to send somebody some money and you want to send more than $1000, then there is nothing stopping you buying numerous money orders.
Some people do not have bank accounts and need a way to pay for things such as rent. They can prove they paid for money orders with their receipts, and they can get a receipt for the things they pay for with money orders. It is not as convenient as having a bank statement to prove you paid things such as your rent, but it is not a bad alternative.
Some people use them because they want to send money in the post and it is a very bad idea to send cash in the post because it will be stolen by somebody along the way.
There are courts that demand cleared funds for the payment of fines, and a money order is something you can send across the state line in the mail to pay for your fines. There are also people who are visitors in the country, which means they do not have a bank account and have to rely on things such as money orders if they have not set up a Transferwise borderless account.
Some people use money orders because they are afraid to send a check. They are not sure that the money will be in their account when the check is finally cashed, so they send a money order because they know it is already paid for.
There are also people who use money orders to send money overseas. US Postal Service money orders may be sent to 28 countries and people in those countries are able to have the money orders converted into their own currency for a conversion fee. Some people also send money orders because it is cheaper than wiring money overseas. Sometimes, the cost of wiring money abroad is a little high, so people send a money order instead. If you are worried about the cost of sending money abroad, then take a look at how much Transferwise or CurrencyFair are charging because wiring money abroad is not nearly as expensive as it used to be.
A money order is good for sending money through the post and money laundering. It is true that they may be used by people who do not have a bank account, but they are not a good option in that regard. It is far better to have a bank account.
If you are from a different country, then you may sign up for a Transferwise Borderless Account and use that. There are also online wallets that you may use in place of a bank account for a while. In addition, if you do not have a bank account because you have mismanaged your account in the past, then you may pay a monthly fee for a second-chance bank account. All of these options are better than using money orders.
If you are going to use money orders, then use them for sending money through the post. In an ideal world, you should send such funds digitally because it is easier and safer. Nevertheless, if you want to send something such as a card and you want it to have money inside, then a money order is a good option. You can put a name on it so that people who poke through your mail will not be able to cash it themselves. Plus, it isn’t a check, so a mail thief doesn’t gain partial access to your bank account details.
A money order is also good for money laundering because it is another way of passing dirty money through as many hands as possible before it is discovered. People can do things such as spend dirty money on money orders, use those money orders to buy things, and then sell those things for hard (clean) cash.
If you have to use money orders, then only use them for smaller purchases and sending money through the post. However, there is still a risk when sending money orders. There are plenty of examples of people being caught stealing from the mail, but even now in 2017 (when this was written), there is a postal worker in court and claiming to have stolen over $10,000 worth of money orders from envelopes.
As I mentioned earlier, money orders will disappear one day when checks finally disappear. In this digital age, there is less and less need for money orders. Consider your alternatives before you choose money orders, and make sure you keep your receipts both when you buy your money orders and when you spend your money orders.
«Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.» Les Brown
You are super stylish bro ....Keep it up ....👍👍👍 I have bought so many expensive clothes after seen your video 😊
already got my inspirations from Robin James and Jordan O'Brian, aka Manforhimself and Thejentlemenscove
What is it with men wearing a coat like it's a track jacket? That coat is too small for you, you can see it at the back behind the collar, can see it in your shoulder seams, the biceps are pushing it and it looks just off, just like the men wearing ''yoga skinny jeans''. A coat should allow you to layer, not to be your second skin...
Haha, in Estonia these would be considered as great late spring/summer/early autumn looks. Great stuff though, cheers!
Alex thank you. I’ve never dressed like this in my life always a shy guy one. I’m gonna go for it. Subscribed🙏
waiting to see you in Hollywood standing next to Tom cruise and other stars u deserve to stand next to them and maybe 1 step after them !!!!!! a lot of respect!!!!! Bro keep it up
Great video but I don't think these are proper winter clothes IMO. The layerings are quite insufficient for it to qualify as winter clothes for me. Probably he lives in a warmer place. Here in Ireland you would be damn cold if you wear just those during winter times.
Friedl Kubelka was born in London in 1946. She attended the Photography Department of the Graphic Instruction and Research Institute in Vienna from 1965 to 1969. After her diploma examination as an industrial photographer, she ran her own photography studio from 1971 to 1977. In 1977 she directed her first "class in artistic photography" and in 1990 founded her own "School of Artistic Photography" in Vienna. In 1997, she completed her psychoanalytical training. Friedl Kubelka lives in Vienna.
After initial artistic works in 1971, Kubelka started on her long-term project, "Year’s Portraits," in 1972. For this, the artist took pictures of herself with a camera on a daily basis over a period of one year - a process that has been repeated every five years since. This conceptually-structured work on the subject of self-portraiture produces a complex picture of a woman’s search for her own identity by alternating excessive poses of female self-representation with documents of personal retreat. Through the choice of staging and props, small stories and personal experiences are hinted at—the individual photographs seem to link up to form a film running at a rate of one frame per day. The continuation of this project in a weekly format ("Portrait Louise Anna Kubelka," 1978-96) and on the basis of a single day (e.g., "Day Portrait Peter Kubelka," 1974) broken up into a photograph taken every half hour reached its culmination in "One Thousand Changing Thoughts" (1980) of her mother. This work in 43 sections originated in a suggestion made by her mother, Lore Bondy, and shows a series of portraits with very brief breaks between individual frames and so comes closest to the cinematic process of the dissolution of reality into individual frames. In her cinematic works Kubelka has reversed this photographic process borrowed from film-making by filming peo-ple in a condition of utmost immobility. In films such as "Heidi" (1974), "Peter Kubelka and Jonas Mekas" (1994), or "Parents" (1997-99), the absence of action and plot accentuates the personal interactions taking place during the process of filming and being filmed in a unique way - sometimes leading to the actual appearance of the artist her-self in a particular film. (Hemma Schmutz)
The theories of Darwin, Hawking, Alexander and other atheists are completely decimated by the science of intelligent design. Darwin cited a potential flaw in his theory of origins. “Natural selection acts only by taking advantage of slight, successive variations. She
i love my wife quotes of the day her husband images good,wife bible passage naughty quotes brilliant my a schoolteacher very beating love,wife quotes for husband in hindi love images extraordinary my army funny,wife quotes for husband in tamil urdu funny love messages,husband wife quotes bible love romantic in urdu wedding anniversary for your funny images,good wife quotes images bad in hindi for husband urdu i love my inspirational,good wife quotes images love my on i bible passage husband in hindi,husband wife quotes bible material tumblr love romantic in hindi my 6 cute,i love my wife quotes for from husband messages in hindi images happy tumblr funny,wife quotes images in tamil cute love for valentines day i my and sayings with.
Dustin and I were very blessed when we decided to start a family. After just one month of trying to conceive I was thrilled to see two pink lines appear on my pregnancy test, but did you know there are currently approximately 7.3 million couples in the United States that are having difficulty conceiving?
Many different things can contribute to fertility issues including environmental and lifestyle factors. When diagnosing fertility issues 40% are attributed to males with problems including higher estrogen levels resulting in lower sperm counts, motility, and morphology issues. Females also receive 40% of infertility diagnoses with problems including imbalanced vaginal pH, diminishing ovarian reserve, PCOS, endometriosis, and more. Plus 20% of cases are unexplainable. Another huge factor is that women are trying to conceive later in life which drastically decreases their chance of conceiving each month. Perhaps you have faced one or more of these factors while trying to conceive. Around the time of Alleigh’s first birthday we decided we wanted to add to our family, but trying to conceive did not go nearly as smoothly as the first time.
After a few months of trying I made an appointment with my OBGYN to see if there was anything we could do to help this process along and was told that there was nothing they could do until we had been trying to conceive for a minimum of twelve months. This is a very typical response given by physicians with women under 35 years of age being suggested to wait 12 months and women over 35 years of age being suggested to wait 6 months. But when that dreaded period keeps showing up month after month a year may as well be an eternity. Not to mention once that waiting period has ended the treatments offered are slow, invasive, and costly with risk factors as well. Some of those risks include multiple births and genetic risks to the offspring. Mom is also put at risk with intensive hormone medications and an increased rate of breast and ovarian cancer. All of these treatment options are also very stressful which actually reduces the chance of conception.
Now I know my post has been all sorts of doom and gloom up to this point, but I promise it gets better because I am very excited to tell you about a company that has released a product that can help with conception in a non-invasive cost effective manner. That company is Rinovum which is a privately held women’s health company that is dedicated to bringing products into the market that will enhance their lives and empower them to take charge of their health. Their first focus is “The Stork.”
If you or your partner has been diagnosed with low sperm count, sperm immobility, or a hostile vaginal environment then The Stork may be the perfect option. It is very simple to use and chances are you probably already understand the basic concept. If the male knows how to use a condom and the female knows how to use a tampon you are good to go! In a nut shell the system (cervical cap in a condom-like silicone sheath) is used to collect semen into a cervical cap which is then delivered to the outside of the cervix as an aid to conception.
Proven technique: This is a physician technique that through using The Stork is now available in the privacy of your own home.
Safe: FDA Authorized prescription product and is a non-reusable device. Plus it is latex-free. The Stork is made with silicone which is the most friendly, elastic material made for the body that could be used.
Natural & Non-Invasive: This is a drug-free product that requires no drugs, surgeries, or injections.
Cost-effective: Compared to “next-step” treatment options The Stork costs roughly $210 per cycle where as IUI runs $1,000-$5,000 per cycle and IVF runs $12,400 – $20,000 per cycle.
Currently The Stork is only available with a prescription, but there are plans to make it available over the counter. The good news is that literally anyone that can write a prescription can prescribe The Stork including your doctor, midwife, OBGYN, and even your nurse practitioner. Once you have the prescription you can purchase The Stork from the website in either a one device package or one month supply. The prescription can be submitted through e-mail, fax, or standard mail for verification by Rinovum. It will then be shipped directly to your home either overnight or by ground shipping.
I am very excited about this device and can see it changing conception in the United States dramatically. If you are having trouble trying to conceive I definitely recommend checking out The Stork. Be sure to follow them on Facebook, Twitter, and Vimeo to stay up to date on the latest news.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged familyplanning, pregnancy, review. Bookmark the permalink.
This does sound like a great product for those trying to conceive. I will defiantly have to keep this in mind .. my one friend is on 6 months of ttc, with no luck….
This is very exciting news! My husband and I are in that dreaded 15-20% of couples who are struggling with fertility. I have PCOS, even though I have responded well to fertility treatments, we still didn’t get pregnant. We tried Clomid and injectables with IUI. So the doctor upgraded our infertility status to “unexplained.” So frustrating!! The worst part was that all those medical costs were out of pocket so we had to take a break to pay off credit cards. If we decide to go back to fertility treatments (we are currently exploring adoption), we will definitely discuss The Stork with our doctors, so thanks for writing about it!
ARCHIVES Select Month January 2018 (2) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (3) October 2017 (4) July 2017 (2) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (7) October 2016 (11) September 2016 (6) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (7) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (6) February 2016 (3) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (12) October 2015 (11) September 2015 (17) August 2015 (9) July 2015 (12) June 2015 (15) May 2015 (7) April 2015 (4) March 2015 (14) February 2015 (9) January 2015 (8) December 2014 (13) November 2014 (17) October 2014 (21) September 2014 (12) August 2014 (13) July 2014 (8) June 2014 (6) May 2014 (4) April 2014 (14) March 2014 (18) February 2014 (22) January 2014 (19) December 2013 (33) November 2013 (49) October 2013 (31) September 2013 (27) August 2013 (23) July 2013 (17) June 2013 (30) May 2013 (30) April 2013 (33) March 2013 (25) February 2013 (20) January 2013 (31) December 2012 (38) November 2012 (61) October 2012 (36) September 2012 (41) August 2012 (35) July 2012 (46) June 2012 (45) May 2012 (57) April 2012 (46) March 2012 (22) February 2012 (24) January 2012 (31) December 2011 (37) November 2011 (44) October 2011 (43) September 2011 (37) August 2011 (30) July 2011 (16) June 2011 (21) May 2011 (29) April 2011 (30) March 2011 (35) February 2011 (28) January 2011 (44) December 2010 (22) November 2010 (25) October 2010 (51) September 2010 (35) August 2010 (16)
"We cannot fight nature - we must not be King Canute" This is Ihe line that the Government and its supporters use time and again to defend its policy of managed retreat for our coastline. But such a crass comment betrays a lack of knowledge of our...
People faced with losing their homes to coastal erosion or flooding by the North Sea last night welcomed a breakthrough in their fight for financial compensation. A senior government adviser, the new chairman of the Environment Agency, Lord Smith...
Di Wrightson used to complain that a row of bungalows blocked the view of the sea from her home in the picturesque village of Happisburgh, pronounced "Haysbrough", on the north Norfolk coast. Now she says she wishes they were still there to block...
Mrs Beeby and I are standing amid a sea of pansies, sweet peas, sunflowers and half a dozen gnomes in her immaculate back garden. Above, gulls are squawking. Below, waves are crashing on to the sandy beach and the wind is whistling in our ears. "...
Norfolk is to stand firm against the ravages of the ever-encroaching North Sea for at least another half century after the government confirmed £100m will be spent on sea defences over the next 50 years. People living in vulnerable coastal and low...
A campaigner who has been told her house is worth less than a loaf of bread will today try to show the man in charge of the nation's sea defences the true human cost of the government's coastal policies. The bungalow Jane Archer and her partner...
The Bishop of Norwich has waded into the debate over plans to sacrifice 25 square miles of Norfolk land to the sea. Speaking at the launch of a new inshore lifeboat for Sea Palling, he said the proposal by Natural England could leave coastal...
Britain's top soldier - who has spent a professional lifetime defending the realm - last night joined the battle to save huge swathes of Norfolk from being surrendered to the sea. General Sir Richard Dannatt, who is a Norfolk farmer and president...
Villagers vented their fury at the government during a packed public meeting held last night in one of the parish churches directly threatened by a proposal to abandon six Broads villages to the North Sea. Around 400 people packed into St Mary's...
Pie-in-the-sky or a genuine threat? A week after draft proposals that would surrender a large area of Norfolk to the North Sea were uncovered, what is the mood of the communities that would be affected? JON WELCH reports. On a warm spring day...
January February March April May June July August September October November December 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31
Regional Perinatal System (RPS) serves as a nonpartisan liaison, consultant, and resource for all perinatal providers and caregivers. Our current activities include distribution of the “Kit for New Parents” and coordination of continuing education activities for providers in maternal/newborn care.
Life goes on until a sudden turn of events smashes Dan and Shiuli's lives together, into a bond that's unlike any 21 year olds.. October (2018) 720p Hindi HDRip - x264 - AAC - 1.4 GB - ESub (2018) Download Movie Torrent Online Free Full Movie Rating: 7.9/10 Directed by Shoojit Sircar and Starring by Varun Dhawan ,. October Full Movie New 2018 Download Free DVDrip- JHMoviesHut Trailer On JHMoviesHut Varun Dhawan has been able to completely rip off his commercial image through October.
© 2014 FIE International Fencing Federation. All Rights Reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any way or by any means (including photocopying, recording or storing it in any medium by electronic means), without the written permission of FIE International Fencing Federation.
FieldWise, Inc. provides unrivaled experience and knowledge of plant-based and interdisciplinary (human, animal, environmental) biosurveillance and risk assessment. Our consulting services provide subject matter expertise to improve your preparedness, response, detection, mitigation and recovery surveillance and decision support systems. Our globally recognized personnel are uniquely adept in detection capabilities engaging epidemiology, weather-based models, plant/ crop risk assessment with a particular focus on remotely sensed inputs, including weather, remote digital imagery, open source information extraction and ground reporting from remote and diverse locations.<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" />
Thank you for visiting the FasTracKids International, Ltd. (“FasTracKids”) web site (“our Web Site”). The following are the terms for your use of our Web Site. By using our Web Site, you are agreeing to all of these terms of use. “Use” under these terms of use shall be deemed to include any direct or indirect access or viewing of our Web Site, any exchange of data with our Web Site and its other users, any registration on our Web Site, any posting, displaying, or communication of information on our Web Site, and any other utilization of our Web Site or any part of our Web Site.
Except where expressly indicated otherwise, the word “we” in these terms of use shall refer to FasTracKids. The references to “our Web Site” in these terms of use shall refer to “www.ftkfranchise.com/in.”
We grant you only a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable revocable license to use our Web Site strictly in compliance with these terms of use, and any other requirements stated on our Web Site.
The contents of our Web Site, including all text, graphics, designs, programs, files, information, and other aspects, and all trademarks, service marks, and trade names are our property, or property of our licensors, assigns, or other owners, as applicable. The copying, distribution, publication, or other use of these materials or any part of our Web Site is prohibited. You have no right to any of aspect of our Web Site or any of our other property, except the limited right to use our Web Site as set forth above.
You are solely responsible for any acts, omissions or activities that arise out of or relate to your use of our Web Site. Your use of our Web Site and any content or information on our Web Site (“Content”) is subject to all applicable United States federal and state law, regulations, statutes, and treaties, as well as the applicable foreign laws, regulations, statutes and treaties. You understand, acknowledge, and agree that your use of our Web Site and any Content is also subject to the following rules:
D. You may not use our Web Site in a manner that violates any applicable state, federal, or foreign law regulating e-mail, facsimile transmissions, or telephone solicitations;
E. You may not interfere or attempt to interfere with the working or functionality of our Web Site; and
F. You understand and agree that we have the right at any time to disclose any information, including any personal information that you disclose, which is necessary to comply with or satisfy any law or valid governmental request. This includes, without limitation, disclosure of information related to any investigation of purported illegal or criminal activities or compliance with a court order or subpoena.
Our Web Site is intended only for users 13 years of age or older. We do not seek to collect information from children younger than 13 years of age, and, instead, our Web Site is intended to provide information and services only to adults who are prospective or existing Franchisees. Our Web Site is not directed at children under 13 years old, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years old.
We make no representation, guarantee, or warranty that our Web Site will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful elements, or that any defects existing on our Web Site will be corrected. We do not represent or warrant that the information available on or through our Web Site will be correct, accurate, timely or otherwise reliable. We may make changes to the features, functionality, or Content of our Web Site at any time.
A. Content. Content of third parties, including advertisements and hyperlinks, may appear on our Web Site. We make no warranty or representation of any kind as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of any information contained in any third party content, and you agree that we shall have no liability for any damages or injuries of any kind arising from such content or information.
B. Linked Web Sites. Our Web Site may contain links to web sites of third parties not controlled or operated by us, including those of other private entities and organizations. Please be aware that when you follow a link to another web site, you are then subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of the new web site. Any links are provided solely for your convenience, and we do not endorse the content or operator of any third party web site. We make no warranty or representation of any kind as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of any information contained in any linked third party web site, and you agree that we shall have no liability for any damages or injuries of any kind arising from the content or information on such web site.
C. Advertisements. Our Web Site may contain advertising and sponsorships from third parties. Such third parties are solely responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on our Web Site is accurate and complies with applicable laws. You agree that we are not responsible or liable for the illegality or any error, inaccuracy or problem in the advertiser’s or sponsor’s materials.
You agree to be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, if any, including but not limited to your username and password and for your account activity. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, agents, officers, partners, directors, employees, subcontractors, successors, assigns, third party suppliers of information and documents, attorneys, advertisers, and product and service providers (collectively, the “Affiliated Parties”) harmless from any liability, loss, claim, damages, costs and expenses including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and costs, arising out of or related to your use of our Web Site, your activity for and through our Web Site, or your violation of these terms of use, including the privacy policy, or any other legal notices on our Web Site. We reserve the right to hire our own separate legal counsel, at your expense, as well as assume or take exclusive control and defense of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
Our privacy policy, as it may change from time to time, is a part of these terms of use. You may access the privacy policy through our Web Site.
You agree to comply with all applicable domestic and international laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of our Web Site and the Content on our Web Site.
We reserve the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of these terms of use and to take any action we deem appropriate, including but not limited to reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to you.
You agree that any claim or dispute you may have arising out of or related to our Web Site including, without limitation, your use of our Web Site, our Web Site’s Contents, and/or these terms of use, the privacy policy, and any legal notices on our Web Site must be instituted within one year after the claim arises, or from the date the first claim arises if there are multiple claims, or such claim or claims shall be forever waived and barred.
If you are an existing Franchisee of ours, then the arbitration, injunctive relief, governing law and jurisdiction provisions contained in your Franchise Agreement will govern these terms of use, the privacy policy, and your use of our Web Site, and those provisions are incorporated into these terms of use by this reference.
If you are not an existing Franchisee of ours, then the following will apply: These terms of use, the privacy policy, and your use of our Web Site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Colorado and the laws of the United States without regard to conflict of law principles. You agree that you will submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the City and County of Denver, Colorado for any and all claims related to these terms of use, the privacy policy, and our Web Site.
We expressly reserve the right to modify these terms of use at any time, so please review them frequently. If we make material changes to these terms of use, such changes will be posted on this page. Your continued use of our Web Site constitutes acceptance to any revised terms of use.
If any provision of these terms of use is held, declared, or pronounced void, voidable, invalid, unenforceable or inoperative for any reason, by any court of competent jurisdiction, government authority or otherwise having jurisdiction in an unappealed final decision to which you and we are a party, you and we authorize and request such court or governmental authority to modify the provision held to be void, voidable, invalid, unenforceable or inoperative to contain such lesser covenants that impose the maximum duty permitted by law so that the provision is upheld as valid, and the parties agree to be bound by the modified provision. The holding, declaration or pronouncement shall not affect adversely any other provisions of these terms of use, which shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
To the extent that anything in or associated with our Web Site is in conflict or inconsistent with the terms of use, the terms of use shall take precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of the terms of use shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision.
No joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of these terms of us or your use of our Web Site. If you are an existing Franchisee of ours, nothing in these terms of use, or on our Web Site, releases you from or changes any of your obligations to us under your Franchise Agreement.
We make no representations that the Content on our Web Site is appropriate or available for use in locations outside of the United States, or whether access to our Web Site and the provision of information through our Web Site from such locations is permitted. Those who choose to use our Web Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our terms of use, please contact us in any of the following ways:
This document describes the various fields in a SPEC ACCEL result disclosure. Please note that any particular result will contain a subset of this information depending upon which benchmarks were selected to run.
The SPEC ACCEL OpenACC suite is comprised of fifteen compute intensive codes; 6 in Fortran, 7 in C, and 2 which contain both Fortran and C.
The SPEC ACCEL OpenMP suite is comprised of fifteen compute intensive codes; 6 in Fortran, 7 in C, and 2 which contain both Fortran and C.
More detailed information about metrics is in sections 4.3.1 and 4.3.2 of the SPEC ACCEL Run and Reporting Rules.
More detailed information about this metric is in section 4.3.1 of the SPEC ACCEL Run and Reporting Rules.
The geometric mean of nineteen normalized ratios when compiled with aggressive optimization for each benchmark.
More detailed information about this metric is in section 4.3.2 of the SPEC ACCEL Run and Reporting Rules.
The geometric mean of fifteen normalized ratios when compiled with conservative optimization for each benchmark.
The geometric mean of fifteen normalized ratios when compiled with aggressive optimization for each benchmark.
The date when all the hardware necessary to run the result is generally available. For example, if the CPU is available in Aug-2013, but the memory is not available until Feb-2014, then the hardware availability date is Feb-2014 (unless some other component pushes it out farther).
The date when all the software necessary to run the result is generally available. For example, if the operating system is available in Aug-2014, but the compiler or other libraries are not available until Oct-2014, then the software availability date is Oct-2014 (unless some other component pushes it out farther).
The date when the test is run. This value is obtained from the system under test, unless the tester explicitly changes it.
The name of the organization or individual that sponsored the test. Generally, this is the name of the license holder.
The name of the organization or individual that ran the test. If there are installations in multiple geographic locations, sometimes that will also be listed in this field.
In addition to the graph, the results of the individual benchmark runs are also presented in table form.
This is the ratio of the benchmark run time on the reference platform divided by the run time on the system under test.
This is the amount of energy consumed (in kiloJoules) during the execution of the benchmark. This will only be present if the option power metric is run.
This is the maximum rate of power consumed (in Watts) during the execution of the benchmark. This will only be present if the option power metric is run.
This is the average rate of power consumed (in Watts) during the execution of the benchmark. This will only be present if the option power metric is run.
This is the ratio of benchmark average power consumption on the reference platform divided by the run time on the system under test. This will only be present if the optional power metric is run.
This section is where the tester provides notes about compiler flags used, system settings, and other items that do not have dedicated fields elsewhere in the result.
Run rules relating to these items can be found in section 4.2 of the SPEC ACCEL Run and Reporting Rules.
This section is where the tester provides notes about how the various compilers were invoked, whether any special paths had to be used, etc.
This section is where the tester provides notes about how the config file submit option was used to assign processes to processors.
This section is where the tester provides notes about portability options and flags used to build the various benchmarks.
This section is where the tester provides notes about baseline optimization options and flags used to build the various benchmarks.
This section is where the tester provides notes about peak optimization options and flags used to build the various benchmarks.
This section is where the tester provides notes about changes to the default operating system state and other OS-specific tuning information.
This section is where the tester provides information about various components needed to build a particular system. This section is only used if the system under test is built from parts and not sold as a whole system.
This section is where the tester provides notes about things not covered in the other notes sections.
This section is generated automatically by the benchmark tools. It details compilation flags used and provides links (in the HTML and PDF result formats) to descriptions of those flags.
This section of the reports lists compilation flags used that are not described in any flags description file. Results with unknown flags are marked "invalid" and may not be published. This marking may be removed by reformatting the result using a flags file that describes all of the unknown flags.
This section of the reports lists compilation flags used that are designated as "forbidden". Results using forbidden flags are marked "invalid" and may not be published.
This section is automatically inserted by the benchmark tools when there are errors present that prevent the result from being a valid reportable result.
Run rules relating to these items can be found in section 4.2.2 of the SPEC ACCEL Run and Reporting Rules.
The maximum clock frequency of the CPU, expressed in megahertz. This is referred to by some vendors as the Turbo frequency.
The number of CPUs that were enabled and active during the benchmark run. More information about CPU counting is in the run rules.
Description (size and organization) of the CPU's primary cache. This cache is also referred to as "L1 cache".
Description (size and organization) of the CPU's secondary cache. This cache is also referred to as "L2 cache".
Description of the system main memory configuration. End-user options that affect performance, such as arrangement of memory modules, interleaving, latency, etc, are documented here.
A description of the disk subsystem (size, type, and RAID level if any) of the storage used to hold the benchmark tree during the run.
Run rules relating to these items can be found in section 4.2.3 of the SPEC ACCEL Run and Reporting Rules.
Tells how the accelerator is connected to the system. Possible descriptions include, but not limited to: PCIe, integrated, etc.
Run rules relating to these items can be found in section 4.2.4 of the SPEC ACCEL Run and Reporting Rules.
The operating system name and version. If there are patches applied that affect performance, they must be disclosed in the notes.
The state (sometimes called "run level") of the system while the benchmarks were being run. Generally, this is "single user", "multi-user", "default", etc.
Any performance-relevant non-compiler software used, including third-party libraries, accelerators, etc.
Run rules relating to these items can be found in section 4.2.7 of the SPEC ACCEL Run and Reporting Rules.
This is a 60 second measurement of idle power (in Watts) on the machine that is made after the benchmark has been run and the system was given time 10 seconds to rest.
This is the minimim temperature measured (in C) that was registered during the entire benchmark suite run.
This is the name used to connect the PTDaemon to the power analyzer. If more that one power analyzer was used, there will be multiple descriptions presented.
This is the name of the accreditation organization of the institute that did the calibration of the meter (e.g. NIST, PTB, AIST, NML, CNAS, etc.). A list of national metrology institutes for many countries is maintained by NIST here http://gsi.nist.gov/global/index.cfm.
This is a number or character string which uniquely identifies this meter calibration event. May appear on the calibration certificate or on a sticker applied to the power analyzer. The format of this number is specified by the metrology institute.
The date (DD-MMM-YYYY) the calibration certificate was issued, from the calibration label or the calibration certificate.
This is a brief description of how the power analyzer or temperature meter was used. This could include which power supply was connected to this power analyzer, or how far away this temperature meter was from the air intake of the system.
This is the name used to connect the PTDaemon to the temperature meter. If more that one temperature meter was used, there will be multiple descriptions presented.
For a reportable SPEC ACCEL run, three iterations of each benchmark are run, and the median of the three runs is selected to be part of the overall metric. In output formats that support it, the medians in the result table are underlined in bold.
Each iteration now consists of running each benchmark in order. For example, given benchmarks "910.aaa", "920.bbb", and "930.ccc", here's what you might see as the benchmarks were run:
When you read the results table from a run the results in the results table are listed in the order that they were run, in column-major order. In other words, if you're interested in the base scores as they were produced, start in the upper-lefthand column and read down the first column, then read the middle column, then the right column.
If the benchmarks were run with both base and peak tuning, all base runs were completed before starting peak.
sailboat deck paint schemes color top stencil and painted rug ideas for wood floors colors images,wooden deck paint colors color ideas schemes pictures of painted decks idea popular,deck color ideas pool paint colors lowes outdoor,turn a faded deck into work of art painted ideas best pool paint colors behr wood swimming,deck paint ideas pool colors pinterest patio my garden enthusiast,wooden deck paint colors pinterest how to a pertaining idea ideas outdoor color,deck painting ideas paint best railing schemes,swimming pool deck paint colors how to update a with decking backyard and color ideas wooden,deck paint colors pinterest over color ideas dyco pool outdoor,deck paint colors home depot patterns floating design ideas lowes.
Last week, Apple updated the submission process for app developers who distribute and update their applications on the iTunes App Store. The submission process defines the intended use of IDFA and includes new check boxes for developers to indicate how their app uses it. As a bit of background, IDFA allows publishers to know that a specific device is looking at an advertisement, and empowers publishers to deliver more targeted ads to that user. The tracking is anonymous, and does not provide the advertiser any personal identifying information.
As you can see in the screen below the submission process includes check boxes to indicate whether their app will use IDFA in order to:
They also confirm that if you use third-party SDKs in your code, you are responsible for the behavior of that code.
We wanted to take this opportunity to confirm how Tapjoy uses IDFA. The good news is that our SDK collects IDFA and strictly uses it for tracking conversions of the advertisements we serve, and our use of IDFA is in line with all three options in the submission process. In addition, Tapjoy’s SDK adheres to a user’s Limited Ad Tracking setting.
If you are a developer who is using Tapjoy SDK to monetize your app, check option #1 and the option for limited ad tracking.
If you are an app developer or advertiser who is using Tapjoy to acquire new users and drive app engagement, you should check option #2 and #3 and the option for limited ad tracking.
As a reminder, it is key to know the details of the SDKs that you are integrating with your app. At Tapjoy, we are transparent about the information our SDK collects and you can find more information about our SDK at our Knowledge Center or a list of exactly what our SDK collects here.
The News Release you are looking for has either been moved, removed or archived. Please visit the ExactRelease.com home page and try search for the Press Release.
CHANGE in the date-sheet of B.A. (Honours School) in Economics-1ST & 3RD SEMESTER (Regular) (Decemeber-2017)
CHANGE in the date-sheet of B.A. (Honours School) in Economics-1ST & 3RD SEMESTER (Regular) being held in Decemeber-2017.
Click here to view: CHANGE in the date-sheet of B.A. (Honours School) in Economics-1ST & 3RD SEMESTER (Regular) (Decemeber-2017)
93 08/12/2017 Change of center for Post Graduate Diploma in Guidance & Counselling - 1st SEMESTER (Regular/Reappear)
94 07/12/2017 ADDITION in the date-sheet of M-COM - 3RD SEMESTER (Regular/Reappear) (Decemeber-2017)
96 04/12/2017 ADDITION and CHANGES in the date sheet of M.A. - 1st & 3rd semester (Regular/Reappear)
98 23/10/2017 Schedule for submission of Examination Forms for Additional Normal Chance Granted to the Students of Final year Under graduate Courses Annual System Examination to be held in May 2018
101 06/09/2017 Grant of Two Additional Normal Chances to the Students of Final Year UG Courses Annual System in October 2017 May 2018
105 28/08/2017 CHANGE in the date sheet of LL.B.-3rd & 4th Semester and B.A. LL.B.- 7TH Semester (GOLDEN/MEDICAL CHANCE) Examination
413 21/04/2016 ADDITION in undergraduate PRACTICAL: B.A.-2nd & 4th Semester Examinations (April-May, 2016)
While working on an earlier version of xa, I discovered that IE4 incorrectly parses commented asterisks (/***/) in stylesheets. Check out the example to see how to exploit it. I've since submitted the hack (which does validate) to the relevant websites.
This entry was posted on Tuesday, January 24th, 2006 at 10:00 pm	and is filed under css. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
don't you think supporting ie4 is a bit excessive, if someone hasn't upgraded to 5.x by now I don't think they care much about how their web pages render, do your clients request your sites work with 4?
Hahaha, yes it is. No clients (I hope!) care about IE4 anymore, but I stumbled on the hack while I was playing around with the browser. In any case, I figure it doesn't hurt to throw it out there, right?
Yeah you never know when someone will benefit from something obscure like this, by the way I love your site design!
This little bundle of joy here is a split between two of Canada's best, Radioactive Vomit and Column Of Heaven. Radioactive Vomit have been going since 2010, and have been spewing forth sludge-y, bestial black metal, whilst Column of Heaven emerged from the ashes of The Endless Blockade, also in 2010. On this split, RV showcase their nasty, primal black metal, guttural vocals and wailing guitar dive bombs and all, over three tracks. Column of Heaven on the other hand go for a more experimental approach, melding power electronics and harsh noise with powerviolence over two tracks. This is two very different artists coming together to make some extremely heavy, vile music in what essentially is the soundtrack to some kind of nuclear fallout. Suss it below.
“So, basically if we keep trying to save the country and maybe the world from a bunch of murderous assholes with outer space weapons, then we're the bad guys?"
Pulled off vacation, Joe Ledger and Echo Team are knocking on research lab doors, looking into cyber-attacks so clever they can't be tracked back to anyone. But no one's answering, even though all the lights are on. Until a couple of strangely inhuman Men In Black step onto the loading dock.
Of course, anyone who is this far into the Joe Ledger series knows that whenever Joe is called in mayhem always ensues, all to save the good ol' U. S. of A. Jonathan Maberry has tackled zombies, vampires, the seven plagues of Egypt and more, but this is the first time he's gone beyond so-called supernatural creatures. Crop circles, space ships, and aliens are the topic of investigation.
And I (mostly) loved it for all the reasons I have enjoyed the entire series. These are adrenaline rides with Joe getting into and out of increasingly impossible, perilous situations while the reader hangs on by their fingernails wondering just how he can possibly escape. Meanwhile, Maberry weaves intriguing mysteries which may not keep us guessing, since he enjoys giving us both sides' points of view, but they do keep us wondering if Joe can stop the bad guys.
I am as ready for a good invading aliens story as the next person, but at one point the action came to a grinding halt as Maberry wove together two story lines in a gigantic "aliens among us" info-dump. Indeed, this went on for so long and contained enough duplicate information that I began to wonder if the author had fallen into "true believer" status and wanted to be sure we came away converted. Whether that was his motive or it was simply imperfect editing, I wearied of the information long before it ceased flowing.
On the other hand, Maberry is going to have to work hard to top Joe's accomplishment in the light house. I won't say more because I don't want spoil it for anyone but I was literally laughing with delight as I heard what was happening. Adrenaline rush achieved!
Speaking of listening, Ray Porter does his usual excellent narration and is the reason I wait for the audio books rather than pick up print copies. As I've said before Ray Porter IS Joe Ledger. So let me say it again — Porter's direct, blunt delivery can go from sarcastic to heart-felt to outraged in 60 seconds. Believably. That’s good because sometimes that’s the way Joe’s day goes.
The residents of Walla Walla and Kalamazoo will contact you and demand that you stop using the names of their cities as some kind of weak joke.
I look at my subtitle these days and find it is still true. I am still happy to be Catholic. Some may wonder how that can be in the wake o...
Blog Archive November (18) October (50) September (29) August (54) July (42) June (59) May (78) April (61) March (76) February (73) January (71) December (70) November (52) October (49) September (58) August (50) July (44) June (67) May (67) April (44) March (58) February (41) January (43) December (57) November (30) October (42) September (54) August (73) July (56) June (66) May (67) April (58) March (43) February (49) January (50) December (32) November (33) October (33) September (57) August (52) July (45) June (59) May (51) April (54) March (41) February (36) January (31) December (52) November (44) October (40) September (49) August (37) July (64) June (33) May (50) April (42) March (52) February (37) January (48) December (41) November (36) October (49) September (44) August (35) July (18) June (45) May (49) April (48) March (41) February (23) January (42) December (29) November (22) October (33) September (33) August (39) July (39) June (44) May (33) April (36) March (50) February (48) January (17) December (42) November (36) October (66) September (65) August (51) July (50) June (44) May (34) April (72) March (43) February (45) January (34) December (58) November (33) October (35) September (46) August (60) July (39) June (39) May (52) April (40) March (38) February (29) January (42) December (49) November (29) October (39) September (49) August (42) July (51) June (50) May (42) April (59) March (52) February (47) January (60) December (95) November (79) October (85) September (87) August (55) July (51) June (78) May (63) April (62) March (70) February (72) January (70) December (48) November (42) October (27) September (26) August (43) July (27) June (44) May (50) April (41) March (55) February (46) January (40) December (40) November (45) October (54) September (47) August (47) July (46) June (54) May (70) April (68) March (70) February (63) January (85) December (63) November (30) October (72) September (50) August (40) July (34) June (17) May (15) April (48) March (28) February (24) January (24) December (36) November (16) October (31) September (32) August (34) July (24) June (20) May (20)
안녕하세요 ^^ I love Korea but I'm always proud to be a Singaporean! This blog is to share anything of what I love and find interesting of Korea. There are still many things that I do not know about Korea but I hope that my trips’ experiences will be of some help to people who are planning to visit Korea on their own for the first time ^^ All information such as directions, bus schedules, existence of shops/places etc furnished in this blog is subjected to changes by the relevant authorities. I do not have the time to check and give the latest updates. Hope you understand. Thank you.
Posted in Uncategorized	| Tagged 4knots, Bay, boat, Chesapeake, cruise, dc, florida, harmony; sail, Maryland, stibolt, usa, washington	| Leave a comment
Posted in Land locked	| Tagged 4knots, Bay, blue, boat, Chesapeake, cruise, cruiser, cruising, land, retire, Sail, winter	| Leave a comment
Managed to get 2 days aboard During July. Tested all the new systems…LOVE the Raymarine x5 Pilot auto helm!!! Frustrated with the Raymarine e90w and the radar…way too much to learn. Turned off the AIS alarms…very annoying. Need to figure out how to adjust the radar gain…waaaayyy to much clutter…we were just 200 feet or so off an anchored tanker in the Bay, and purposely sailed completely around her while trying to find her on the radar. We never saw anything distinctive and kept adjusting radar settings but there was Way too much clutter! so,so much to learn…
Posted in Uncategorized	| Tagged Annapolis, Bay, Chesapeake, Maryland, MD, radar, Sail, sailboat	| Leave a comment
Much too busy even for sailing…but we hope to be sailing tomorrow and Friday. We need to test the new anchor windlass–last year was a disaster trying to pull up the anchor in an exposed day anchorage off the Academy wall when the wind shifted and piped up–it was bouncy in that harbor. I had my niece, Tracy, and her 4 year old son aboard. Needless to say, I made it a priority to get a new windlass before taking the boat out this year, plus I added an anchor wash down and a new bilge pump…to say the least. More later.
Notice: Before uploading a new photograph to the gallery, please ensure that you have the right to, either you are the owner of the photograph, or the owner has agreed to its publication on this website (see our terms of service and conditions for more information).
Henrik Dahlman with Dodo and Jussi Gullichsen with Addam in the Bahamas 1992. © by courtesy of J. Gullichsen
For the 2nd consecutive year, the Tigers were in the week of games in Lisbon at the invitation of Thrustmaster / Infocapital. We take the best of Thrustmaster in games like P3d and War Thunder, always with a professional and attentive presence.
PlayNo1 PlayNo1 PlayNo1 PlayNo1 PlayNo1 PlayNo1 PlayNo1 PlayNo1 GetRelax GetRelax GetRelax GetRelax GetRelax GetRelax GetRelax GetRelax JavFree JavFree AVGirl女優放題館 AVGirl女優放題館 AV好好J AV好好J JPorn JPorn AVTube AVTube 香港AV俱樂部 香港AV俱樂部 香港高登AV 香港高登AV 5278論壇AV 5278論壇AV 瘋AV 瘋AV 520CC 520CC 香港大眾AV 香港大眾AV 香港高登AV 香港高登AV 打飛機 打飛機 扑嘢 扑嘢 日本女優AV 日本女優AV 線上鹹片 線上鹹片 鹹濕天堂 鹹濕天堂 線上四仔 線上四仔 四仔 四仔 潮性 潮性 線上A片 線上A片 520Jav 520Jav AVTube AVTube A片王朝 A片王朝 92Jav 92Jav AVHere AVHere AVSee AVSee 520AV 520AV 手機A片 手機A片 FreeAV FreeAV 成人影音 成人影音 幫我吸雞雞 幫我吸雞雞 FreeJav FreeJav JavCome JavCome 性愛頻道 性愛頻道 免費A片 免費A片 性愛影音 性愛影音 賺錢A片 賺錢A片 自拍偷拍專門站 自拍偷拍專門站 JavHD JavHD JavCity JavCity HTube HTube AVHD AVHD エッチテレビ エッチテレビ エロ帝国 エロ帝国 猥褻おやじさん 猥褻おやじさん H天國 H天國 H無修正 H無修正 VideoMega VideoMega 香港AV101 香港AV101 17啪啪啪 17啪啪啪 AVGLE線上A片搜尋 AVGLE線上A片搜尋 GG硬硬的 GG硬硬的 XXX情色 XXX情色 5278Video 5278Video 騎上癮 騎上癮 遛人妻 遛人妻 PotAnn3 PotAnn3 HotAV32 HotAV32 av9b線上a片網 av9b線上a片網 四二六 四二六 硬硬久久 硬硬久久 只要JAV 只要JAV 我愛JAV 我愛JAV AV發發發 AV發發發 52JAV 52JAV 性愛日本 性愛日本 性感JAV69 性感JAV69 AV情色夢想天地 AV情色夢想天地 LetsGoAV LetsGoAV LetsJav LetsJav AV6K AV6K 夠惡AV 夠惡AV 52AV 52AV 5278論壇 5278論壇 5299AV 5299AV 520CC 520CC 85街 85街 85Porn 85Porn TWDVD線上A片 TWDVD線上A片 爆米花線上A片 爆米花線上A片 啪啪啪研習社 啪啪啪研習社 騎阿姨AV 騎阿姨AV 朱古力PIGAV 朱古力PIGAV 18AV MM 18AV MM 瘋AV 瘋AV UNOXXX線上A片 UNOXXX線上A片 Xvideo線上A片 Xvideo線上A片 Jporn線上A片 Jporn線上A片 ThisAV線上A片 ThisAV線上A片 叔叔有練過 叔叔有練過 JapanJAVPorn JapanJAVPorn JavGirl JavGirl JavMuseum JavMuseum JavExpress JavExpress OpenloadAV OpenloadAV OpenloadJav OpenloadJav JavLibrary JavLibrary JavArchive JavArchive JavDaily JavDaily JavNo1 JavNo1
Goa Science Centre is located right on Miramar Beach, Just 300m from Miramar Circle on Dr. Jack De Sequira (Miramar-Dona Paula) Road.
The Masonic Ring is the most recognizable symbol of the world's largest fraternity; the Freemasons. Most commonly, the Masonic Ring is shown with a compass and square on the top. The sides of the shank on the Masonic Ring typically display the plumb and trowel. If the ring has a stone, it is typically either a black onyx, synthetic ruby or blue spinel. The color of the stone on the Masonic Ring has no significance. There at least a couple of opinions as to whether the wearer of the Masonic Ring should wear the ring with the points of the compass either facing towards the wearer or away from them. The square is the symbol of all earthly, the compass is symbolic of heavenly perfection. In a combined emblem, the ends of the square point up as a symbol of man's aspirations toward God; the points of the compass point down to represent heavenly qualities coming down from God to earth. Given that, it seems that the proper way to wear the Masonic Ring would be that in which its symbolism is best expressed; namely; when the hand is held in its usual position the points of the compass are towards the earth and away from the wearer's eyes. In order to wear the Masonic Ring, you must have achieved the degree of Master Mason.
The Freemasons can trace their roots back to 1717 when four lodges in London joined to form the Grand Lodge of England. Some historians say that the freemasons can trace their roots back to the time of ancient Egypt. Fox Jewelry is the leading marketer of Masonic Jewelry to include: Masonic Rings, Masonic Watches, Freemason Rings, Gold Masonic Rings, Sterling Silver Masonic Rings, Black Hills Gold Masonic Rings, Masonic cufflinks, Masonic aprons and gold plated Masonic Rings. If you are looking for a great 33rd Degree Scottish Rite Ring, Fox Jewelry has the finest selection of those as well as the 14th Degree Scottish Rite Ring. We are the only internet distributor of Wefferling Berry Masonic, Scottish Rite and Shrine Rings. Fox Jewelry is a web based business and has been in existence since 2001. Located in Sioux City, Iowa, the owner; Robert Fox is a Master Mason, (North Riverside Lodge in Sioux City), Scottish Rite Mason, York Rite Mason, member of the Abu Bekr Shrine Temple, also located in Sioux City. He is also a member of the Royal Order of Jesters. Fox Jewelry has the largest selection of Masonic Rings and Masonic Jewelry available anywhere. In addition to our Masonic Jewelry, we have an extensive collection of Eastern Star Rings, Order of Amaranth Rings, Past Matron and Past Patron rings. It is our goal to furnish a quality Masonic ring or other piece of Masonic Jewelry at a reasonable price so that our brothers and sisters in the trade all have the opportunity to own a quality piece of Masonic Jewelry. In addition to our Masonic Jewelry, we also carry an extensive line of Knights of Columbus Rings, Elks Rings, and Moose Rings. We also have a great selection of fine Military Rings and Military watches. We just launched a new line of official Navy Seal watches as well as men's wedding rings and clergy rings for our members of the military and clergy. Please enjoy your shopping experience. The company’s customer service team is dedicated to being the best in the business. If there is any way we can be of assistance, please call Robert Fox at Fox Jewelry; 712-251-8053.
School of Mathematics, University of Birmingham, Birmingham B15 2TY, UKDepartment of Mathematics, College of Science, Salahaddin University-Erbil, Kurdistan Region, Iraq
Studies on the deformation behaviours of cellular entities, such as coated microbubbles and liposomes subject to a cavitation flow, become increasingly important for the advancement of ultrasonic imaging and drug delivery. Numerical simulations for bubble dynamics of ultrasound contrast agents based on the boundary integral method are presented in this work. The effects of the encapsulating shell are estimated by adapting Hoff's model used for thin-shell contrast agents. The viscosity effects are estimated by including the normal viscous stress in the boundary condition. In parallel, mechanical models of cell membranes and liposomes as well as state-of-the-art techniques for quantitative measurement of viscoelasticity for a single cell or coated microbubbles are reviewed. The future developments regarding modelling and measurement of the material properties of the cellular entities for cutting-edge biomedical applications are also discussed.
It becomes increasingly prevalent for cavitation to be applied to biomedicine including ultrasound contrast agents (UCAs), drug delivery [1], sonoporation [2] and cell separation (Patent US20120164113 A1). A better understanding of the complex interplay between a cavitational flow and a cell or cell-like membrane is of paramount importance to the fundamental optimization of these applications. An interdisciplinary approach combining cell mechanics with bubble dynamics can be highly desirable to elucidate the deformation behaviours of cellular entities subject to cavitation flow and to enhance drug delivery via coated microbubbles [3]. These developments will fundamentally advance our knowledge of targeted drug delivery and sonoporation. They will also have important applications in ultrasound diagnostics, such as analysing potential bio-effects of ultrasound-activated microbubbles on micro-vessels. Moreover, ultrasonic cavitation is one of the most effective cleaning agents. For example, it is used to clean and to disinfect surgical instruments in hospitals. Moreover, ultrasonic cavitation has been recently applied to harvest mesenchymal or stromal vascular cells from lysed blood vessels contained in ultrasonicated adipose tissue (Patent US8440440). Although the new technique has significantly maintained viability of the cells, the intricate cell–bubble interaction needs to be carefully examined for its further clinical applications.
Typical UCAs are micrometre-sized (typically between 0.5 and 10 µm in diameter) gas bubbles stabilized by biologically inert coatings such as lipid, protein and polymer [4]. A recent review introduces compressively state-of-the-art techniques to generate both coated and uncoated microbubbles and a theoretical model to describe the physics of the bubble formations [5]. That paper also reports several modern techniques to produce UCAs which are coated with phospholipid shell or surfactant membrane, and concludes that microfluidics is a promising approach to control precisely the sizes and coating properties of UCAs in their production. When UCAs are injected into the bloodstream, they can travel to all the blood vessels. Their high compressibility relative to blood/tissues leads to strong scattering of ultrasound waves, thereby enhancing blood–tissue contrast in the resulting image. UCAs are thus widely used in clinical diagnostic ultrasound to enhance contrast of cardiographic or radiologic features [6,7].
UCAs are rapidly evolving from the diagnostic modality into a therapeutic tool [1]. One important potential application is to use UCAs to deliver a drug/gene for ultrasound therapy, e.g. cancer treatment [8]. Upon arriving at a targeted site, the microbubbles are activated by ultrasound leading to violent collapse. This releases the drug/gene cargo and also causes cell membranes nearby to become temporarily leaky, a phenomenon known as sonoporation [9,10]. The mechanism aids the gene/drug to enter the target cells via diffusion and also convection if microjets arise [11–13].
Targeted drug delivery improves disease treatment efficacy and safety, as well as patient convenience and compliance. It is of particular interest for pharmaceutical agents that yield detrimental side effects. It has been generating worldwide interest in the communities of both scientists and clinical researchers [1]. Detailed experimental studies have revealed considerable evidence of the leaking of a transported drug from coated bubbles. It has been established by numerous groups that the localized cellular uptake of drugs/genes is significantly increased when microbubbles are present [1].
On the theoretical front, coated bubble dynamics is an extension of traditional bubble dynamics. Most studies on the topic were based on spherical bubble theory, the Rayleigh–Plesset (RP) equation incorporated with linear and nonlinear cellular membrane models [14], and the shape stability of a nearly spherical bubble [15]. However, non-spherical coated bubbles are frequently present in medical applications, such as: (i) the onset of breaking of the bubble coating in releasing drugs is directly linked to the loss of spherical symmetry [1] and (ii) the sonoproation is associated with a bubble interacting with a cell nearby [1]. Chen et al. [16] observed that coated ultrasound bubbles in micro-blood vessels of rat mesentery are often associated with non-spherical deformation and liquid jetting and the study shows there is a need to develop new theoretical models for describing non-spherical deformation of bubbles (figure 1).
Vascular rupture involving a liquid jet. Amplitude of ultrasound = 4 MPa. Vessel diameter = 15 µm. Sketches of the bubble jet in solid lines and microvessel in dashed lines. Adapted from Chen et al. [16].
Lipid bilayer forming the major constituent of plasma membrane plays a crucial role in sustaining the integrity and functions of biological cells. Liposome is an artificial cellular entity (a few micrometres in diameter) where a liquid drop or gas is closed by a lipid bilayer membrane (about 10 nm in thickness) and is often used as a model cell in biomechanical studies. Liposome has long been used as drug delivery vehicle by encapsulating drugs within the bilayer membrane since it exhibits excellent biocompatibility such as longer lifespan in blood circulation, low toxicity and easily taken up by targeted tissue [17]. Recently, ultrasonic cavitation has been applied to trigger or induce drug release from liposome [18] (figure 2). The mechanical characterization of a single liposome attracts increasing interests in the scientific community, for instance, analysis of the deformation of lipid-coated microbubble or echogenic liposome for both drug delivery and sonoporation [19].
Theoretical models integrating bubble dynamics with mechanics of cell membrane or coated membrane are desirable for design of the next generation of ultrasonic contrast agents and drug delivery systems. In §2, numerical simulations for the dynamics of the UCAs by using boundary integral method (BIM) are presented based on a simple model for the coating shell of microbubbles. We also review mechanical models of bubble coating and liposome in §3 and the state-of-the-art techniques for quantitative measurement of viscoelasticity of a single cell or coated microbubble are presented in §4.
The BIM based on the potential flow theory is grid-free in the flow domain and has been widely used in bubble boundary interactions for axisymmetric cases [20–29] and for three-dimensional configurations [30–33]. Recently, Wang et al. [34–37] developed the BIM for bubble dynamics in a compressible liquid.
Bubble dynamics have been simulated using domain approaches, such as the high-order accurate shock- and interface-capturing scheme [38], orthogonal boundary-fitted grids for axisymmetric bubbles [39], the free-Lagrange method [40], the arbitrary Lagrangian Eulerian method [41] and front tracking method coupled with SIMPLE algorithm [42]. Direct simulation for multiple oscillations of acoustic bubbles is highly computationally demanding. It is a multi-scale problem when the compressible effects of the liquid are not negligible, since the wavelength is much larger than the bubble radius. It involves a large computational domain for describing the propagation of the acoustic wave, and a very long time interval. Hsiao & Chahine [43] recently modelled the bubble coating using a layer of a Newtonian viscous fluid, to study the mechanism of bubble break-up during non-spherical deformations resulting from the presence of a nearby rigid boundary. The effects of the shell thickness and the bubble standoff distance from the solid wall on the bubble break-up were studied parametrically.
Consider the dynamics of UCAs near an infinite rigid plane wall subject to ultrasound, as shown in figure 3. We assume that the fluid surrounding the bubble is incompressible and the flow is irrotational. The fluid velocity v thus has a potential φ, v = ∇φ, which satisfies Laplace's equation, ∇2φ = 0. Using Green's second identity, the potential φ can be represented as a surface integral over the bubble surface S as follows:
2.1 where r is the field point and q is the source point, c(r) is the solid angle and n is the unit outward normal of the bubble surface S directed from liquid to gas. To satisfy the impermeable boundary condition on the wall, the Green function is given as follows:
Schematic of an encapsulated microbubble subject to ultrasonic wave, travelling near a rigid wall. (Online version in colour.)
2.3 where ρ is the liquid density and σ is the surface tension coefficient. The first term pg in the right bracket is the gas pressure inside the UCA. Since we consider rapidly collapsing bubbles, pg is assumed to follow the adiabatic law
Here pg0 is the initial gas pressure inside the UCA, V and V0 are the instantaneous and initial bubble volumes, respectively. Here α is the ratio of specific heats of the interior gas. Unless otherwise noted, we set α = 1.67 (argon) for the simulations presented here. The second term
where p0 is the hydrostatic pressure, x is the coordinate along the direction of the wave, t is the time, and pa, k and ω are the pressure amplitude, wavenumber and angular frequency of the acoustic wave, respectively.
The third term is associated with the surface tension effect, where σ is the surface tension and Rc is the curvature radius of the bubble surface. The fourth term is the normal viscous stress. The fifth term is the radial pressure difference ΔT = T2 − T1 (figure 3), which is approximated by adapting Hoff's model [44] for the thin shell of spherical contrast agents, by replacing the bubble radius with the local curvature radius Rc as follows:
2.4 where R0 is the initial bubble radius, ds is the shell thickness, and Gs and μs are the shear modulus and shear viscosity of the shell, respectively. The overdot denotes differentiation with respect to time.
We choose the reference length R0 and the reference pressure p0 to introduce the following dimensionless quantities denoted by an asterisk (*):
2.6 Following convention, the standoff distance is non-dimensionalized with respect to the maximum equivalent bubble radius:
2.7 where S is the distance between the wall and the bubble centre at inception (figure 3), and Rmax is the maximum radius a bubble initially in equilibrium would attain in an infinite ambient fluid subject to the imposed ultrasound.
We argue this simplified model can be used to approximate the essential effects of the coating for the following reasons. An encapsulated bubble is usually approximately spherical during most of its lifetime except for a short period during the end of collapse when the bubble becomes non-spherical. This model thus provides a good estimation for the influence of the shell on the bubble, the asymmetric flow and pressure fields prior to jet development. When liquid jetting starts, the large asymmetric momentum of the liquid flow and high pressure of the bubble gas are dominant effects; the elastic and viscous effects of the thin coating should be secondary effects.
To validate this model for the restricted case of spherical oscillation of a coated bubble, the results were compared to the modified RP equation used by Hoff [44] that accounts for the elastic and viscous effects of the shell. Using the present notation, this equation is given by
Note that the term for the time derivative of the liquid pressure is neglected in the above equation, as we assume an incompressible liquid.
Figure 4 shows comparisons of the bubble radius time history for a coated and uncoated bubble as determined from the three-dimensional BIM model and modified RP. The BIM model agrees well with the modified RP for several cycles of oscillation for both coated and uncoated bubbles oscillating spherically subject to ultrasound.
Comparisons of the bubble radius time history for a coated and uncoated bubble as determined from the three-dimensional BIM model and modified RP equation. The parameters used for the case are c = 1500 m s−1, α = 1.4, σ = 0.055 N m−1, ɛ = 1 + 2σ*, p0 = 100 kPa, ρ = 1000 kg m−3, R0 = 4.5 µm, pa* = 1.2, ω = 942 MHz, Gs = 10.0 MPa, ds = 15 nm, μs = 0 and μl = 3.5 Pa s. (Online version in colour.)
We study microbubble dynamics near a rigid wall subject to ultrasound propagating parallel to the wall. To study the effects of the standoff distance of the bubble from the wall, we consider three cases (figures 5–7) at γ = 1.0, 2.0 and 3.0, respectively, for pa* = 2.0, with the remaining parameters the same as in figure 4.
Coated bubble dynamics near a wall subject to ultrasound propagating parallel to the wall for γ = 3.0, pa* = 2.0 with the remaining parameters the same as in figure 4. The bubble shapes are shown during the expansion phase (a,b) and collapse phase (b–d).
Figure 5 shows the typical bubble shapes for the case at γ = 3.0 at various stages during the expansion phase (figure 5a,b) and collapse phase (figure 5b–d). The bubble remains approximately spherical during the expansion and collapse phases except for a high-speed liquid jet that develops rapidly towards the end of the collapse phase. The bubble is subject to the primary Bjerknes force due to the acoustic wave and the secondary Bjerknes force due to the wall. The primary Bjerknes force is along the wave direction and the secondary Bjerknes force is perpendicular to the wall. The jet is along the bisector of the two forces (figure 5d), which suggests the two forces are comparable in this case as in the uncoated bubble [45].
For the case at γ = 2.0, the bubble again remains spherical for most of its lifetime and a high-speed liquid jet develops at the last stage of collapse, as shown in figure 6. The jet is wider and its direction rotates pointing more to the wall in comparison to the case at γ = 3.0, since the secondary Bjerknes force due to the wall is stronger in this case.
Coated bubble dynamics near a wall subject to ultrasound propagating parallel to the wall for γ = 2.0, pa* = 2.0 with the remaining parameters the same as in figure 4. The bubble shapes are shown during the expansion phase (a,b) and collapse phase (b–d).
The bubble shapes for γ = 1.0 at typical stages of deformation are shown in figure 7. The bubble surface proximal to the wall is slightly flattened due to the wall during the last stage of expansion (figure 7b). The bubble collapses non-spherically and a large liquid jet develops on the distal side of the bubble directed towards the wall. The jet development time is only 0.5% of the bubble lifetime for the cases γ = 3.0 and 2.0, but is 1.5% for the case γ = 1.0.
Coated bubble dynamics near a wall subject to ultrasound propagating parallel to the wall for γ = 1.0, pa* = 2.0 with the remaining parameters the same as in figure 4. The bubble shapes are shown during the expansion phase (a,b) and collapse phase (b–d).
The membrane of a coating bubble or an encapsulated liposome is usually very thin of O(1–10) nm and soft, made of a polymer shell or liposome (an artificially prepared cellular entity). It is assumed to be infinitely thin and isotropic in their planes. The elasticity of the membrane can be described by the Mooney–Rivlin law [46]
3.1 where λ1 and λ2 are the principal stretches, τ1 and τ2 are the corresponding in-plane tensions, and Gs is the surface modulus of elasticity. As cellular deformations, coated micro-bubbles or liposomes subject to ultrasound exposure normally exhibit viscoelastic behaviours in their deformations and hence a more compressive model which includes the viscoelasicity has been introduced recently [47]. The following term should be added to equation (3.1) for producing the constitutive equations of a viscoelastic material:
is the tensions contributed by viscosity. Alternately, the membrane of encapsulated liposome can be portrayed by cell mechanical models which are described in detail in the following section.
The transverse shear tension q is given in terms of the bending moment m expressed in a similar form to that of the in-plane stress [15]. The membrane stress is then given as
3.4 where pb is the pressure of the bubble and κ the curvature of the surface. We is the Weber number We = R0p0/σ. We assume that the shear stress of the gas on the coating is negligible, as viscosity of gases is much smaller than that of liquids.
There has been substantial progress in the coupled dynamics between an uncoated bubble and viscoelastic surface [48,49]. Studies of bubbles near cells have been carried out by Van Wamel et al. [50] and Prentice et al. [51]. The BIM model described in §2 can be developed to model the interaction of coated bubble dynamics and coating membrane dynamics. At each step, the stress distributions Fn and Fτ are provided from the fluid modelling, and the membrane modelling will then provide the velocity distribution of the coating or liposome membrane, which are subsequently used as the inputs for the fluid modelling.
Deformation of a biological cell is a complex interplay between the interfacial, mechanical and viscoelastic components such as filaments, extracellular matrix and membranous organelles, their distinct geometry and characteristics, the microstructure within the cell and the concerted deformation of each component in response to external load. To determine these parameters, a comprehensive biomechanical model is necessary to extract the information from measurements such as Poisson's ratio, Young's modulus, internal pressure, bursting strength, viscoelasticity, etc. The model is also expected to relate these intrinsic materials properties to the macroscopic manifestation of the overall cellular deformation behaviours. Since most biomimetic/biological cells comprise nonlinear, inhomogeneous, anisotropic and viscoelastic materials, their constitutive laws and the embedded stress–strain relationships cannot be adequately described by conventional linear elasticity. Large deformation theory, in conjunction with the nonlinear Moony–Rivlin constitutive equations, is adopted for polymeric vesicle or microbubble shown as equation (3.1) [52], while liposome mechanical model is best suited for describing specifically deformation of liposome or lipid-coated bubble in various situations [53]. The existing models are apparently inadequate to portray an actual biological cell in full details, except certain specific simple structures such as mature erythrocytes which possess neither organelles nor nuclei within the cell membrane. The latest drive is to develop appropriate theoretical models which include the large deformation formulation, nonlinear elasticity and viscosity. These higher order models are obviously more comprehensive than most of the previously reported studies which belong to first-order analyses.
Mechanical models for describing the mechanics of liposomes or coated bubbles have been long endeavoured and resulted in two major categories: bending stiffness dominating [54] and extensional modulus dominating [55]. The former describes a cell as a thin spherical elastic membrane filled with liquid or air, similar to a balloon, while the latter portrays a cell membrane as a rigid thick shell. Based on these developments, a model which combines both of the extensional and bending effects has been developed for analysing liposome deformation induced by pressure change [56]. It is worth pointing out that liposome possesses surface and mechanical behaviours similar to biological cells and hence several cell mechanical models are developed based on the study of liposome mechanics [57,58].
Liposome is considered as a spherical vesicle with a permeable wall composed of a lipid bilayer membrane, and the deformation is determined as a function of in-plane shear modulus, H, in combination with out-of-plane bending modulus, B. A dimensionless parameter, C = a2H/B, was introduced for the combined effects of in-plane shear (H) and out-of-plane bending (B) when a single red blood cell under specific loading configurations [57].
Similar to equation (3.1), the liposome model was developed based on the large strain formula and can be expressed as
The models have been demonstrated to be able simulate the cell deformation under various external loadings [57,58]. An example of the applications is to simulate the deformation of a bead-attached erythrocyte cell stretched by a point force F at the equator; its detailed experimental is described in §5.2 (figure 10b) [59]. For such a case, three governing equations were developed to describe geometric relationships (figure 8a) as shown in the following:
(a) Cell membrane under deformation described by liposome model. (b–d) The simulated meridional profiles of the cell membrane following deformation in the Z direction, shown for C = 0–10. (Online version in colour.)
The other three equations were used to describe balance of bending moment, shearing and tensile forces as shown below:
The simulated deformation of a liposome stretched by applied force F for various C ranging from 0 to 10 is shown in figure 8b–d. It is envisaged this mechanical model has a great potential for integration with fluid mechanical model for cell–flow interaction simulation.
Atomic force microscopy (AFM) indentation was used to measure turgor pressure and surface properties of a single biological cell [60,61], and the elasticity of cell membranes [62]; the experimental is mentioned in §5.1. Recently, the technique has been applied to characterize elastic modulus of lipid encapsulated microbubbles [63]. Elastic mechanical models, though contradictory sometimes to viscoelastic models, were developed to estimate the materials properties. Among these, Hertz contact model is the most prevailing to analyse the force–displacement curves acquired by indentation experiments. Briefly, when a cell is indented by a spherical probe, the force F applied on the cell can be described as function of indentation depth δ as follows:
4.12 where E and v are Young's modulus and Poisson's ratio of the cell, respectively, α is the radius of indenter–cell contact area, and RS is the radius of the spherical tip. The Hertz model is only valid for indentations up to 10% of the sample height, and substrate effects are considered negligible [64].
Having taken into account viscoelasticity of biological cells, Darling et al. [65] have developed a simple model in which a standard linear solid was integrated with the Hertz equation for modelling small deformation of an isotropic, incompressible solid sphere indented by a hard spherical indenter. The model has been used to characterize the viscoelastic properties of zonal articular chondrocytes. The concise form of the final constitutive relation of the cell is given by
4.13 where F(t) is the time-dependent indentation force, δ is the indentation depth, ER is the relaxation elastic modulus, τσ and τɛ are the relaxation times under constant load and constant strain, respectively.
Roca-Cusachs et al. [66] have developed an alternative viscoelastic model for AFM indentation of cells. They developed force–displacement relationships based on Kelvin viscoelastic model body as
4.14 where Ei is Young's modulus of the interior of the cell, T is cortical tension and rt is the radius of the AFM tip. Viscoelasticity is then incorporated into the model through converting the shear modulus G = E/2(1 + ν) into the frequency domain as
4.17 where f is the angular frequency, δo is approximate depth around an indentation point, iωb(0) is the correction for the viscous drag force exerted by the liquid medium on the AFM cantilever.
Properties of the coatings of microbubbles, such as their thickness and elasticity, vary significantly among various types of UCAs. For example, lipid coatings (e.g. Sonovue®, Definity®) have a typical thickness of 1–5 nm, thin-shelled protein contrast agents (e.g. Albunex®) have a shell thickness of about 15 nm, while some thick-shelled protein and polymer bubbles (e.g. Quantison™) have coatings 200–300 nm in thickness.
The elastic modulus and viscosity of the encapsulating shell material are two critical parameters for the response of UCAs or liposome subject to ultrasound and ultimately dictate their biomedical performance. Conventional acoustic technique has been long applied to measure scattering and attenuation of ultrasound field passing a suspension solution of echogenic microbubble or liposome [67,68]. The viscoelastic properties of the vesicles can be therefore determined indirectly through fitting the experimental results with the data predicted by well-known theories such as Church model [69] or Hoff model [70]. De Jong & Hoff [71] obtained values for the shear and elastic moduli of human serum albumin to characterize Albunex® microbubbles. These values also have been used to study the dynamics of Optison® microbubbles [6]. Using similar methods, Gorce et al. [72] estimated the stiffness and viscosity of a phospholipid coating of the contrast agent Sonovue® obtaining a shear modulus, Gs, of approximately 122 MPa and shell viscosity, μs, of approximately 2.5 Pa · s, while for albumin coatings (e.g. Albunex®), values for the shear modulus and viscosity of 88.8 MPa and 1.77 Pa · s, respectively, have been reported. By contrast, Postema et al. [73] have reported a much lower value of the elastic modulus for Albunex®, Quantison™ and Sonovue® contrast agents (E = 2 MPa, from which assuming Poisson ratio of 0.5, one can estimate
Although the acoustic characterization technique allows one to measure these mechanical properties, challenges in experimental set-ups remain in the attempts to directly measure applied force and corresponding deformation for a single microbubble or liposome for accurate determination of its membrane elastic modulus and viscosity. Typical mechanical forces acting on a single bubble or liposome range from hundreds of piconewtons (pN) to hundreds of micronewtons (µN). It is therefore necessary to develop appropriate ultrasensitive force–displacement measurement instruments for empirical studies. Thanks to the recent advancements in micro-/nano-mechanical force sensing devices, tremendous improvements were made by a spectrum of instruments. These techniques include micropipette technique [74], optical tweezers (OT) [75], AFM [63] and micro-compression technique [76]. Among these, AFM and OT are the most accurate and prevailing techniques. The former is due to its excellent capabilities of simultaneous measurements of both deformation and applied force, while the latter owing to its non-contact and cell friendly nature. Other popular methods include compression method which has various formats in terms of its instrumentation such as micromanipulation method and the so-called ‘cell-poking’ technique [77], micropipette aspiration method [78], magnetic tweezers [79], etc.
AFM mainly comprises an ultrasensitive cantilever attached with a probe at its end and a laser beam reflected to a photodetector by the deflection position of the end of the cantilever for measuring the probe–surface interaction (figure 9). AFM is capable of applying compressive force via the probe to indent a single cell or coated bubble so that the materials parameters can be determined based on the analyses of the force–displacement curves obtained during the cell deformation [80]. Latest advances in life sciences and biomimetics have put the AFM indentation technique in the central stage to investigate biomechanics of both biological and artificial cellular entities. Many single-cell mechanics studies were reported using this technique in the past decade due to its ultrasensitive capability (ca 1 pN in force resolution) and wide force range (5 pN to 10 000) [80]. For instance, Abou-Saleh et al. [63] used AFM to compress lipid encapsulated microbubbles to a large deformation (50%) for both uncoated bubbles and coated with protein (streptavidin) or the addition of quantum dots for determination of their mechanical properties. Chen et al. [81] have applied AFM to study stiffness of phospholipid-coated microbubbles and found the stiffness decreased exponentially with the microbubble size; thus the finding provided useful insights into cavitation-induced drug delivery. Mahalingam et al. [82] studied the compression stiffness of bovine serum albumin (BSA)-stabilized microbubbles through AFM nanoindentation and found that the stiffness of the microbubbles increased with the increase of the concentration of BSA solution.
Schematic of AFM to indent a single cell for mechanical characterization. (Online version in colour.)
OT are a technique to apply non-contact mechanical force to trap particles by using the radiation pressure which is originated from electromagnetic field (figure 10a). From microscopic point of view, the trapping force is created by the momentum change of photons through a medium or lens. A focused laser beam hitting the particles with a comparatively higher refractive index than the surrounding medium is able to generate a trapping force ranging from 0.1 to 100 pN [75]. The technique has several unique advantages including non-contact, cell-friendly and ultra-high force resolution for studying single-cell mechanics [83]. More importantly, OT are able to manipulate cells within liquid medium which makes it the most suitable technique to study cellular mechanical behaviours in cavitation flow [84]. Recently, OT have emerged as a novel tool for manipulating single biological cells and performing sophisticated biomechanical characterizations such as studying the mechanics of a single liposome [85] as well as characterizing the mechanical properties of single biological cells [86]. Normally, two diametrically opposed silica beads (a few micrometres in diameter) are attached on the cell surface as ‘handles’, through which optical trap force can be applied to deform the cell (figure 10b). Combined with appropriate mechanical models (e.g. elastic shell model described in §4.1), the mechanical properties of the cell can be determined based on the degree of cell deformation versus the applied trapped force. For biological cell trapping, a wavelength of 1064 nm is often chosen to minimize the absorption by water and cytoskeleton and to avoid possible thermal damage of the trapped cells. Recently, OT have also been applied to study the mechanics of microbubbles. For example, Garbin et al. [87] used OT combined with an ultrahigh-speed camera to study the burst and oscillation of a microbubble subject to ultrasonic stimulation and how the interface and neighbouring bubbles influence its dynamic behaviours. Jones et al. [88] used scanning OT to trap UCA microbubbles and measured the transverse drag force which has been found to decrease significantly at small trap radii.
(a) Schematic of working principle of OT. (b) Using OT for stretching a single cell for mechanical characterization. (Online version in colour.)
Compression method is to press against a single cell between two parallel plates deforming it into two planar contact circles with the substrates and a torus surface. This method has been applied for a wide spectrum of biological cells. Cole [89] applied known compressive mechanical forces to deform sea-urchin egg cells and the tensile stress of cell membrane is thus determined based on the subsequent deformed geometry. Adopting a similar compression technique, Zhang et al. [90] developed a micromanipulation technique to press single cells and measured simultaneously the applied force and the sample deformed geometry. The tension modulus and bursting strength were determined using the technique combined with a simple mathematical model. The main challenge in using the parallel plate compression device is that it requires a high precision positioning of the plate movement which is difficult to achieve. Besides, there is no experimental technique which allows continuous measurement of force–displacement curve for the cell during loading/unloading deformation cycles. Later Liu et al. [76] developed a micro-compression instrument which employed an ultra-precision micro-stepping motor and force transducer to achieve the continuous compliance measurement of a single cellular entity under compressive deformation. The in situ deformation of the cell sample and its instant equatorial diameter were also visualized by a CCD-enhanced microscope system (figure 11). The instrument has an ultimate resolution of force and displacement of 10 nN and 10 nm, respectively. The technique has been applied to measure the membrane mechanical properties of both biological and non-biological vesicles (e.g. microcapsule) [91].
Daily et al. [77] and Zahalak et al. [92] developed a cell indentation method which involves indenting biological cells with a micro-radius tip (ca 2 µm) to measure the loading–unloading responses. In principle, this indentation technique is an extension of the compliance method. There are several possible drawbacks of the method when applying it to a cell that comprises a thin lipid bilayer encapsulating an aqueous content (e.g. cytoplasm). Firstly, indentation provides useful localized mechanical properties only if the indent dimension is small compared with the size of the sample cell at least by a factor of 10, such that the sample resembles a continuum half space. This requirement seems to be violated in the reported experiments by Daily et al. [77] and Zahalak et al. [92]. Furthermore, it is an established fact in the literature that when the indentation depth exceeds 10% of the surface film thickness, deformation of the film substrate may be no longer negligible, let alone the inevitable membrane stretching. Such intractable problem further exacerbates in the case of small cells where the sample volume remains virtually constant even upon an external load. More importantly, the observed deformation characteristics can be a very strong but unknown function of the precise geometry of the indenter. These factors present a degree of difficulty in the analysis of measured data for determination of materials parameters.
We review an interdisciplinary technique that includes biomechanical testing techniques to determine mechanical properties of single coated microbubbles and a theoretical model incorporated with the determined parameters to simulate the bubble dynamics. The deformation of bubble-coating membrane can be modelled based on Mooney's hyperelastic constitutive law. However, cell mechanical model may be applied for better describing the lipid membrane of liposome and cell. This technique has important perspectives in studying the following phenomena: (i) the breaking of the bubble coating in releasing drug/gene, (ii) the resultant alteration of cell porosity and permeability, (iii) the role of deformation and jetting from coated bubbles, (iv) non-spherical shape oscillation of coated bubbles at various mode numbers and (v) microstreaming around cells due to microbubble oscillation. These fundamental mechanisms remain elusive, are all associated with non-spherical effects and therefore can be expected to be captured only by models using non-spherical bubble dynamics in combination with cell mechanics. Moreover, since both the coated microbubble and biological cell exhibit viscoelastic behaviours, viscoelasticity should be taken into account in the future simulation of their deformations and dynamics. The effects of different bubble sizes and location, coatings and membranes (thickness and material) and wave parameters (frequency, wavelength, amplitude and profile) should be thoroughly studied to access the optimum properties for drug delivery and sonoporation.
We're a totally free dating site in youngstown paid dating sites are boring, we're a lot more fun white, black women and black men, asian, latino. Youngstown's best 100% free black dating site hook up with sexy black singles in youngstown, ohio, with our free dating personal ads mingle2com is full of hot black guys and girls in youngstown looking for love, sex, friendship, or a friday night date. Backpage seizure.
Youngstown's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in youngstown with mingle2's youngstown dating services find a girlfriend or lover in youngstown, or just have fun flirting online with youngstown single girls. Free to join & browse - 1000's of singles in youngstown, ohio - interracial dating, relationships & marriage online. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of ohio catholic women and join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site.
Looking to meet the right singles in youngstown see your matches for free on eharmony - #1 trusted youngstown, oh online dating site. Find youngstown single girls with loveawakecom more than just a free dating site, we find compatible female matches for you from youngstown, ohio, united states.
Meetups in youngstown these are just some of the different kinds of meetup groups you can find near youngstown youngstown area women in midlife discussion meetup. 100% free online dating in youngstown 1,500,000 daily the only 100% free online dating site for youngstown ohio msgt330 43 single man seeking women. Youngstown, ohio | breaking news, local news, sports, classifieds, jobs, real estate, cars, warren, austintown, boardman, canfield, poland.
Youngstown free dating site signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in youngstown, ohio looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom. Meet youngstown (ohio) women for online dating contact american girls without registration and payment you may email, chat, sms or call youngstown ladies instantly.
Looking to meet the right single women in youngstown see your matches for free on eharmony - #1 trusted youngstown, oh online dating site. Would you like to meet men or women of your age who have been through which includes many other general and senior dating sites as a member of date over 60. Craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, services, local community, and events.
Online personals with photos of single men and women seeking each other for dating, love, and marriage in ohio. Free to join & browse - 1000's of women in youngstown, ohio - interracial dating, relationships & marriage with ladies & females online. Meet youngstown (ohio) women for online dating contact american girls without registration and payment you may email, chat, sms or call youngstown. Meet african american singles in youngstown, ohio online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to find black singles.
Support RTRFM and enjoy discounts on RTR gig tickets, as well as at a number of generous businesses around Perth.
They're floating around in the Apple Store, helping customers, fixing problems, and making sales. Now it seems that a copy of Apple's Genius guide has been leaked, with instructions on the language that Geniuses should use. Which words and phrases do they employ, and which do they try to avoid? And can this information help you in your personal life?
All live musical performances are included in our podcasts with the express permission of artists, who reserve all other rights in their music. All music used in our podcasts is licensed under an APRA Community Broadcasting license agreement.
Anna Bauert, an Australian actor who stars in the new independent Australian film About Logan. The […]
Welcome to the third episode of the Movie Squad RTRFM Podcast with your hosts Simon Miraudo and Tristan Fidler, […]
Diversifying your team with someone differently abled might feel a little daunting in terms of cost, […]
Artists in their own right, Figuero Jones and Black Napoleon, have teamed once again to collaborate on a huge […]
Magenta is Perth’s sex-worker association for support, outreach and health. Lena Van Hale is the general […]
Check out our blog for more information.Discover the hottest women on the web from among our more than two free Dating chat million active members.If someone asks for your money You are not on t!Unlimited Access to every single feature - We never limit your usage ever.Exclusive, content, high Quality..
You&apos;ll be provided with all the comprehensive, detailed and sussex local pulborough timely search results that can count on in terms of ascertaining one&apos;s public background.
This means you no longer have to wait for hours to receive the required Criminal Records information.All you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records.I Understand, instantly Search anyones: Very addicting.If this something you don&apos;t want to miss out on, then all you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records.You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, slapperdating tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require fcra compliance.(These terms have special meanings under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, et seq., fcra which are incorporated herein by reference.) The information available on our website may not be 100 accurate, complete, or up to date, so do not use it as a substitute for.Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.Criminal records, criminal Records is a search database that you&apos;ve been looking for.
If is meet me for sex you&apos;re to make informed decisions, then it becomes extremely important for you to rely on quality search database.
Copyright 2018 All Rights Reserved.General, popular Searches, categories, international sites day 2018 All Rights Reserved, amazon, Amazon Prime, the Amazon logo and Amazon Prime logo are trademarks of m, Inc.Try your Criminal Records search now!This site does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency.As long as you know the name, you can search Criminal Records with complete peace of mind.Just enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you&apos;ll be provided with all the information including criminal records and arrest records.Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate.So, what does it actually take to search Criminal Records?Notice: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades.
DSM CEO Feike Sijbesma named among the World’s 50 Greatest Leaders by Fortune Magazine > Newsroom > CBCSD Member News
DSM CEO Feike Sijbesma has been named among the World’s 50 Greatest Leaders in Fortune Magazine’s annual list. He is number 44 on the list, and the only Dutch person included. The full list is here. It includes Bill and Melinda Gates; Tim Cook, Apple CEO; Larry Fink, Blackrock CEO; President Macron of France; Liu He, Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China; Serena Williams; Oprah Winfrey; students fighting gun violence in the US; and the #MeToo movement.
Fortune says it assessed leaders on wealth creation rather than size as conventionally measured. It credits Sijbesma’s focus on sustainability and notably his work on carbon pricing as key reasons for his inclusion.
Of Sijbesma, Fortune says: “Over the past decade, he has overhauled DSM to focus on businesses that better the lives of people or the planet. As co-chair of groups such as the Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC), Sijbesma has proved particularly effective at rallying fellow executives.”
The Fortune news comes the day that Sijbesma is appointed chair of a high-level leadership forum on carbon pricing and competitiveness. The CPLC announced that the new forum will convene private sector leaders around competitiveness concerns that could inhibit the worldwide uptake of carbon pricing.
Feike Sijbesma has been actively involved in the CPLC since April 2016. He co-chaired the High-Level Assembly of the CPLC in Washington during the Spring Meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund. More than 100 leaders from government, businesses, and civil society convened to assess global progress on carbon pricing and highlight recent developments. Featured remarks included World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim, IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde and the UN (Deputy) Secretary General.
Sijbesma is a “Climate Leader” of the World Bank Group together with Ban Ki Moon and Kofi Annan (both former Secretary-General of the United Nations) and Christiana Figueres (former Executive Secretary of UNFCCC, the UN’s climate organization, in charge of the Paris Climate Treaty). Sijbesma also made remarks at the 2018 Summit of the Global Commission on the Economy and Climate.
Furthermore, Sijbesma is active in fighting malnutrition through a number of partnerships and initiatives, including Africa Improved Foods (AIF) in Rwanda. This is a joint venture between the Government of Rwanda and a consortium of four key international partners: Royal DSM, Dutch development bank-FMO, CDC Group plc (the UK government’s Development Finance Institution) and IFC.
This nomination follows DSM’s recent No 2 position on the Fortune list of companies that change the world, in which DSM was among other recognized for its work on fighting hunger and AIF.
Feike Sijbesma added: “I see this as a recognition and encouragement for the great work of all 25,000 employees of DSM.”
CBCSD and Members Participated and Suggested on the Project for Technical Regulation on Low-carbon Pilot Community
CBCSD and Members Participated in the APEC Cooperation Network Construction Forum of Green Supply Chain
CBCSD Attended the Workshop for Environmental Protection and Sustainable Development and Delivered Introductions
The National New-Type Urbanization Plan Released, Board Members of CBCSD Help the Sustainable Development of Cities
Board members of CBCSD Actively Participated in the Carbon Trading and International Climate Change Process
CBCSD held Chemical industry enterprise value chain (range 3) greenhouse gas emissions, accounting and reporting guidelines
Requirements of soul give rise to friendship, requirements of mind - respect, requirements of a body - desire. All three requirements together give rise to love.
Self Description: It's not easy for me to describe myself. I think that I'm sociable, faithful, caring and friendly. My family often says that I'm funny. I like helping my family, even if they do not ask. I'm an excellent traveler, I try to see a lot of historical places. I'm a big dog lover.
Comments: When I think of the right guy for me I think of someone who could carry on a conversation whether the topic is silly or serious, who knows who he is, what he wants, and what things in life matter. A man who can see something beautiful in a small and insignificant thing and someone who likes to be loved and who wants to share good life, hopes and dreams with me.
We are providing a step by step guide to set up Office along with independent support service for installation and activation issues. http://officecomsetup-office.org
Not operator, or not exactly match. Filters the column with content that does not match the query. Include an equal (=), single (') or double quote (") to exactly not match a filter.
Perform a fuzzy search (matches sequential characters) by adding a tilde to the beginning of the query.
Like what we've done here? This is just one of the many projects that are currently in development by members of The Seventh Veil.
Goblinary.com website content/source © 2018 Lynnear Progression, LLC - owned and operated by Kitsune and Nihimon.
Goblinary is a trademark of Lynnear Progression, LLC; Website logo designed by Pixie (darkangelpixie).
Goblinworks, Paizo, Pathfinder, and Pathfinder Online, plus related data, images, screenshots and other materials are all trademarks and/or copyrights of Goblinworks, Inc. and Paizo, Inc. and are used with permission.
BRIGHT CLOUD WOMAN is the Tsimshian Goddess of salmon. She was married to Raven for a brief time, but when he blamed her for the way a comb that he had made from a salmon backbone tugged at his hair, she left him and took the salmon with her. Bright Cloud Woman had the ability to create salmon just by dipping her fingers into water, and to transform herself into fog. She is also known as SALMON WOMAN and FOG WOMAN, and legends of her are common to many West Coast native traditions.
This entry was posted on 14 June 2010 at Monday, June 14, 2010 . You can follow any responses to this entry through the .
Astraea: Italian goddess of truth and justice. Also known as Astria. Aradia: Italian witch goddess. She came to earth to teach her mother ...
Maria Cacao is the diwata or mountain goddess associated with Mount Lantoy in Argao, Cebu, Philippines, similar to Maria Makiling of Los Ba~...
Tlaloc, also known as Nuhualpilli, was, in Aztec belief, the god of rain and fertility. He was greatly feared among the Aztecs, who drowned ...
HEBE, the goddess of youth, was the daughter of Zeus and Hera. Hebe served for a long time as cupbearer to the gods, serving them their nect...
It is 100% certain you're headed for Hell ... for rejecting the Catholic Dogma ... Warning: There are no bishops or priests in these times
< < On this site ... you will discover how you are being sent into Hell forever ... your willingness to be deceived is making you eternally culpable > >
1. The Original Sin of Adam closed Heaven for all men (sanctifying grace was lost) ... Hell became the only possible destination for the immortal souls of men.
2. God re-opened Heaven by founding the Catholic Church and re-introducing sanctifying grace to men's souls ... the same grace which Adam and Eve had lost.
We are currently in the Great Apostasy (world-wide rejection of God's Catholic Dogma), these warnings apply:
3. Warning 1: A non-Catholic anti-Christ cult (the vatican-2 heretic cult) took over all Catholic properties on 8 Dec 1965 ("v-2 council" close date). [Section 12, 13]
4. Warning 2: No one Ordained those that you think are Priests ... all Bishops of the "v-2 council" were automatically excommunicated on 8 Dec 1965. [Section 13.2]
5. Warning 3: Your fake "priests" turned you into heretics ... the stage shows are not Mass ... participation in the vatican-2 heresy excommunicates. [Section 13.2.2]
6. Warning 4: All those dressed up like Catholic bishops and priests are ... automatically excommunicated heretics against the Catholic Dogmas. [Section 13.6]
Vatican-2-ists: You are excommunicated from the Catholic Church … Abjuration of heresy > Section 19.1
7. One can still be Catholic and get to Heaven with a proper baptism in water [Section 7] ... believing the Dogmas ... and keeping free from mortal sin. [Section 10.1]
8. All grace, both actual and sanctifying grace, starts with God and comes into the world through the Blessed Virgin ... as Jesus Christ Himself did. [Section 4, 4.4]
9a. The Old Testament Israelite religion was the Catholic Faith unfulfilled ... the "judaism" fable started about 200 B.C. Jesus Christ was not a jew. [Section 39.1, 39.4]
9b. The "koran" is wrong ... Mohammed was not a prophet ... "allah" does not exist. Mohammed and "islam" contradict 4,000 years of previous prophets. [Section 113]
10. All heretics are excommunicated from Christianity ... and are headed for Hell ... with the world's pagans (those not properly baptized in water). [Section 7.2, 8]
(1) You must have Adobe Flash Player installed. (2) Chinese, Korean, or Japanese characters not displaying ... see Appendix E.
* Help save souls by getting the Dogma out (the only soul saving truth) ... see Section 175 and it's Sub-sections *
Romans 2:13 > "For not the hearers of the law are just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified."
James 2:20 > "Know ... that faith without works is dead." (Section 28 lists ... over 50 scriptures on works)
1. Heretics ("lutherans", "methodists", "vatican-2-ists", "baptists", "evangelicals", etc.) cannot ever be considered martyrs because they die as a result of defending their heresy ... they do not die in defense of the Catholic truths from Heaven.
2. In other words, heretics die in defense of a non-Catholic false god ... which cannot be attributed to their soul as merit ... by calling them martyrs or claiming in any way that they are martyrs.
3. Anyone who dies in defense of a heretic false god such as the "lutheran god", "baptist god", or "evangelical god" descends into Hell, from the very spot on which they die, for First Commandment sins against the Faith, the Catholic Faith. All heretics are already automatically excommunicated from Christianity (the Catholic Church) at the moment that they fall into heresy or physically participate in a heretic cult.
"It (the Catholic Church) firmly believes, professes and preaches that all those who are outside the Catholic Church, not only pagans but also jews or heretics and schismatics, cannot share in eternal life and will go into the everlasting fire which was prepared for the devil and his angels, unless they are joined to the Catholic Church before the end of their lives; that the unity of the ecclesiastical body is of such importance that only for those who abide in it do the Church's sacraments contribute to salvation and do fasts, almsgiving and other works of piety and practices of the Christian militia produce eternal rewards; and that nobody can be saved, no matter how much he has given away in alms and even if he has shed his blood in the name of Christ, unless he has persevered in the bosom and the unity of the Catholic Church."
"If those unwilling to be at agreement in the Church be slain outside the Church, they cannot attain to the rewards of the Church."
"We should not forget that the devil has his martyrs, and that he infuses into them a false constancy. It is not the punishment, but the cause, that makes the martyr, that is: the true faith."
"Being placed outside the Church, and cut off from unity and charity, heretics or schismatics could not be crowned in death, even though one should be slain for the name of Christ. Even if a man should deliver his body to be burned, he gains nothing. Baptism of blood cannot profit a heretic unto salvation, because there is no salvation outside the Church."
Note 1: Regarding the text ... "for the name of Christ" ... the false "gods" of the heretics are given the name "Christ" by the various heretic cults ... what a coincidence right ? The spiritual reality is that ... the "lutheran Christ" doesn't exist, the "evangelical Christ" doesn't exist, the "methodist Christ" doesn't exist, etc.
Note 2: So heretics may die in defense of an entity they call "Christ" ... which in reality doesn't exist ... since the only Christ that does exist is the Catholic one.
"No matter how praiseworthy his actions might seem, he who is separated from the Catholic Church will never enjoy eternal life."
"Nay, though they should suffer death for the Name, the guilt of such men is not removed even by their blood, for not even blood can wash away the stain of heresy. Baptism of fire does not help such a person if he dies outside the Church, for the grievous sin of schism is not purged away even by martyrdom. No martyr can he be who is not in the Church. Such a man may be put to death; crowned he cannot be."
"Enemies of grace offer us examples of ungodly men who, although without the faith, abound in virtues where there is only the good of nature without the aid of grace. God forbid that there be true virtues in anyone unless he be just; and God forbid that he be truly just unless he live by the faith. All that is not of faith is sin. Where there is no knowledge of the eternal and unchangeable truth, virtue is false even in the best morality. The fact that a wicked man performs some good works does not mean that such works avail toward his eternal salvation."
"The crowning disloyalty to God is heresy. It is the sin of sins, the very loathsomest of things which God looks down upon in His world. Yet, how little do we understand of its excessive hatefulness. It is the polluting of God’s Truth, which is the worst of all impurities.
Yet how light we make of it. We look at it and are calm. We touch it and do not shudder. We mix with it and have no fear. We see it touch holy things, and we have no sense of sacrilege. We breath its odor, and show no signs of detestation or disgust. Some of us even affect its friendship; and some even extenuate its guilt. We do not love God enough to be angry for His glory. We do not love men enough to be charitably truthful for their souls.
Having lost the touch, the taste, the sight and all the senses of Heavenly-mindedness, we call dwell amidst this odious plague in imperturbable tranquility, reconciled to its foulness, not without some boastful profession of liberal admiration, perhaps even with a solicitous show of tolerant sympathies.
Why are we so far below the old Saints in the abundance of our conversions? Because we lack their ancient sternness. We lack the old Church spirit, the old ecclesiastical genius. Our charity is untruthful, because it is not severe; and it is unpersuasive, because it is untruthful!
We lack devotion to truth as truth – as God’s Truth. Our zeal for souls is puny, because we have no zeal for God’s honor. We act as though God were complimented by conversions. We tell men half the truth, the half that best suits our own pusillanimity and their conceit; and then we wonder that so few are converted, and that of those few, so many apostatize. We are so weak as to be surprised that our half truths have not succeeded so well as God’s whole Truth.
A man who might be an apostle becomes a festering ulcer on the Body of the Church, for lack of this righteous indignation against the lie of the devil.
Note: Fr. Faber was speaking of universal heresy in the mid-1800s, 150 years ago ... it is clear that the obscuring of truth and the proliferation of heresy are exponentially worse in these times ... it gives an "appreciation" for how frantically your damnation is being pursued.
Selected prophesies of the Blessed Virgin - & - Quotes on being devoted to the Blessed Virgin. More > Section 4 and Section 4.4
Ezechiel 44:2 > "This gate shall be shut … no man shall pass through it … the Lord the God of Israel hath entered in by it." Proverbs 8:35 > "He that shall find me (the Blessed Virgin), shall find life, and shall have salvation from the Lord."
St. Bonaventure, died 1274 > "No one ever finds Christ but with and through Maria. Whoever seeks Christ apart from Maria seeks Him in vain."	 Genesis 3:15 > "I will put enmities between thee and the woman, and thy seed and her seed: she shall crush thy head, and thou shalt lie in wait for her heel."
Ecclesiasticus 24:25 > "In me is all grace of the way and the truth, in me is all hope of life and virtue."	 St. Antoninus, died 1459 > "All graces that have ever been bestowed on men, all of them came through Maria."
St. John Damascene, died 749 > "Pure and Immaculate Virgin, save me and deliver me from eternal damnation." Wisdom 7:26 > "For she is the brightness of eternal light, and the unspotted mirror of God's majesty."
Ecclesiasticus 24:24 > "I am the mother of fair love, and of fear, and of knowledge, and of holy hope." St. Agnes, died 304 > "There is no one in the world who, if he asks for it, does not partake of the Divine mercy through the tenderness of Maria." (Truth and mercy cannot be separated)
Proverbs 30:11-12 > "There is a generation that ... doth not bless their mother. A generation pure in their own eyes and yet not washed from their filthiness." Blessed John Eudes, died 1680 > "Every grace and blessing possessed by the Church, all the treasures of light, holiness, and glory ... are due to the intercession of the Blessed Virgin Maria."
St. Athanasius, died 373 > "Thou, O Lady, were filled with grace, so that thou might be the way of our salvation and the means of ascent into the heavenly kingdom." Psalm 131:8 > "Arise, O Lord, into Thy resting place: Thou and the ark, which Thou hast sanctified." (The Blessed Virgin bodily in Heaven)
All grace starts with God, goes to the hands of the Blessed Virgin, and then into the world. God (Grace Himself) came into the world
by the Blessed Virgin, God never changes, all grace follows the same path to this day and until the end of the world.
Ignorance of God's Catholic Dogma ... which is being aggressively hidden with malice ... is not a "loophole" into Heaven.
A 10 step guide to pelvic floor safe exercise Simple, practical tips to modify an exercise program to be pelvic floor safe. 1. Avoid heavy lifting Keep your weights within a manageable range. Never lift heavy weights that make you strain or inclined to hold your breath. If you have pelvic floor problems, you must keep your resistance…
Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t, You’re right You’ve probably heard that before (cue eye rolling from my children as I say it yet again), but what does it mean? Simply: if you BELIEVE you can do something, then you will achieve it if you BELIEVE you can’t, you will…
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use our site you agree to these terms.OkPrivacy policy
Quinta da Breia is located in Arcos de Valdevez municipality a few kilometers from Ponte de Lima villages
In the world of technical staffing and recruiting, I often hear about bad experiences that managers encounter when they engage with an outside technical recruiter. It seems that many HR managers have their trusted technical recruiters that they’ve used for many years and trust their ability to find the perfect candidates for those hard to fill positions. [See the video blog version below]
What if a recruiter doesn’t have any knowledge of engineering or IT? But has consistently been a great provider of accountant and financial analysts in the past? Technology is the backbone of many great companies, yet it evolves so quickly that what your engineers and IT staff needed to know last year may already be replaced by a new technology.
Do you use one recruiter for all of your needs or do you have many specialty recruiters for each function within your company? Does the technical recruiter have the background and experience to source/screen/present engineering and IT candidates? Make sure you know what they specialize in and ask for examples of recent successful placements.
If they just completed the successful placement of an SQL Database Admin or an Electrical Engineer with a PE license, they likely have lots of fresh resumes and contacts in this area. Due to the speed of change within engineering and IT, if the technical recruiter hasn’t screened a .NET Software Developer resume recently or completed any interviews, they may not quickly connect the job requirements with the qualifications of the candidate.
Remember: Warm bodies tend to source the resumes of warm bodies. Technical recruiters that worked in and around the job functions that you’re seeking candidates for are more likely to understand your requirements and be able to carefully screen potential candidates.
Round-trip coach class airfare for 2 from within the 48 contiguous U.S. to San Francisco or Oakland, CA
Enjoy a private one hour tasting of The Setting Wines, including their highly acclaimed Alexander Valley Cabernet which was awarded a 94 point rating by Wine Enthusiast, Wine Spectator and James Suckling.com. This blend is a stunning example of Alexander Valley Cabernet with an elegantly structured balance and a beautifully rich, silk-like texture.
The Setting Wines is the vision of three friends who truly believe that great wine becomes an unforgettable experience when it is enjoyed in the perfect Setting. Your tasting will be held at Limerick Lane Cellars, a thirty-acre estate located in the Russian River appellation of Sonoma County, just south of Healdsburg.
Exceptional custom blended wines – Napa Valley Cabernet and Barrel Fermented Sauvignon Blanc, in addition to the Alexander Valley Cabernet - round out The Setting’s collection. The wines are sourced from grapes that come from some of the best vineyards in California, handpicked based on their location within each appellation. Pairing precision farming and detailed, nuanced winemaking techniques extract the deepest expression of each vineyard.
The Setting Wines made national headlines in November 2017 when a rare bottle of the 2015 Alexander Valley Cabernet became the most expensive single bottle of wine ever sold in the world. It was purchased at Carnivale du Vin, Emeril Lagasse Foundation’s annual charity wine auction and gala…for the recording breaking price of $350,000! The bottle was part of a limited edition of The Setting Wines, created by The Setting Winemaker Jesse Katz for famed Hollywood manager Shep Gordon. Katz has also worked alongside Tony Hawk, helping him develop a custom blend for The Tony Hawk Foundation and Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel, in which he created a custom blend for their wedding. Katz has been named 40 Under 40 Tastemaker by Wine Enthusiast and was the first winemaker on the Forbes 30 Under 30.
Enjoy a 5-course tasting menu at Valette, just a short walk down the street from Jesse Katz’ tasting room. Valette has quickly become one of the best restaurants in the Napa and Sonoma region, recognized by Wine Enthusiast as one of America's 100 Best Wine Restaurants. Zagat’s review calls it a shining star, describing Valette as “first-class California menu meets high expectations”. It’s a big hit with locals and local vintners, who enjoy the rustic space with locally sourced dishes. Chef/Owner and Healdsburg native Dustin Valette crafts an elegant and imaginative menu from Sonoma County’s finest seasonal ingredients.
Your party of two will receive 6 consecutive hours of chauffeured luxury sedan service, inclusive of all service fees, PUC insurance, fuel and driver’s base gratuity. Beau Wine Tours is the premier wine tour service in Napa and Sonoma Counties. Beau’s drivers are experts on the wine country area and can also make winery recommendations based on your particular taste and interest.
Enjoy a 3-night stay in a standard guest room for two. This Mediterranean style hotel is just a short drive from Sonoma County, Napa Valley, Russian River and the gorgeous Pacific Coast. When not out exploring the area, sip wine by the cozy fire pit, relax in the outdoor heated pool, take a tranquil walk through the unique sculpture garden, or stroll to the shops, restaurants and cultural attractions in picturesque Santa Rosa.
This package includes round-trip coach class service for two from any major metropolitan airport in the 48 contiguous United States to San Francisco or Oakland, CA, subject to availability.
Airfare must be booked within one year from the date of purchase. Airfare taxes and a $25 per person processing fee are the responsibility of the purchaser. Blackout dates: Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year’s weeks.
Business and First Class upgrades are available at the time of booking for an additional fee. Use of frequent flyer miles for upgrades is dependent on specific ticket restrictions as determined by the airline’s frequent flyer program.
Winspire provides a team of seasoned travel professionals who will help you redeem your experience. All travel related details and reservations are handled for every part of your Winspire experience. Operating as a full-service travel agency, Winspire can assist with extra hotel nights, airfare upgrades, and additional guests. This service also provides you with an established network of onsite contacts who can help you book additional experiences, activities and tours.
Must be booked a minimum of 60 days in advance. Reservations are subject to availability. Certificates cannot be replaced if lost, stolen or destroyed. All purchases are non-refundable. Packages cannot be resold. Ground transportation is not included.
How would you describe yourself?* Development Director focused on donor relations and fund development Event Planner or Auction Chair in charge of finding auction items for event fundraisers Executive Director with a hand in everything Board Member with a passion for Nonprofit causes Committee Member involved in event planning or fundraising Benefit Auctioneer who specializes in successful fundraising events General supporter, volunteer or activist for one or more Nonprofits This field is required
Let our team of event fundraising specialists help you select the best Experiences for your audience.
«Just because Fate doesn’t deal you the right cards, it doesn’t mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.» Les Brown
3 CONFIDENTIALITY & DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT This Offering Memorandum contains select information pertaining to the business and affairs of 7341Atoll Ave, North Hollywood, CA This Memorandum was prepared by Broker based on information supplied by Owner and Broker. It contains selected information about the Property and the real estate market, but does not contain all the information necessary to evaluate the acquisition of the Property. The financial projections contained herein (or in any other Confidential Information) are for general reference only. The projections are based on assumptions relating to the general economy and local competition, among other factors. Accordingly, actual results may vary materially from such projections. Various documents have been summarized herein to facilitate your review; these summaries are not intended to be a comprehensive statement of the terms or legal analysis of such documents. The information contained in this Offering Memorandum is confidential and furnished solely for the purpose of a review by a prospective purchaser of the Property. It is not to be used for any other purpose or made available to any other person without the written consent of Seller or Titus Realty, Inc.. The material is based in part upon information supplied by the Seller and in part upon financial information obtained from sources it deems reliable. Owner, nor their officers, employees, or agents makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness or this Offering Memorandum or any of its contents and no legal liability is assumed or shall be implied with respect thereto. While the information contained in the Memorandum and any other Confidential Information is believed to be reliable, neither Broker nor Owner guarantees its accuracy or completeness. Due to the foregoing and since the Property will be sold on an As Is, Where Is basis, a prospective purchaser must make its own independent investigations, projections, and conclusions regarding the acquisition of the Property without reliance on this Memorandum or any other Confidential Information. Although additional Confidential Information which may include engineering, environmental or other reports may be provided to qualified parties as marketing proceeds, prospective purchasers should seek advice from their own attorneys, accountants, engineers, environmental and other experts. 2) You will hold it and treat it in the strictest of confidence; and 3) You will not, directly or indirectly, disclose or permit anyone else to disclose this Offering Memorandum or its contents in any fashion or manner detrimental to the interest of the Seller. Owner and Titus Realty, Inc. expressly reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to reject any and all expressions of interest or offers to purchase the Property and to terminate discussions with any person or entity reviewing this Offering Memorandum or making an offer to purchase the Property unless and until a written agreement for the purchase and sale of the Property has been fully executed and delivered. A prospective purchaser s sole and exclusive rights with respect to this prospective transaction, the Property, or information provided herein or in connection with the sale of the Property shall be limited to those expressly provided in an executed Purchase Agreement and shall be subject to the terms thereof. In no event shall a prospective purchaser have any other claims against Seller or Titus Realty, Inc. or any of their affiliates or any of their respective officers, Directors, shareholders, owners, employees, or agents for any damages, liability, or causes of action relating to this solicitation process or the marketing or sale of the Property. This Offering Memorandum shall not be deemed to represent the state of affairs of the Property or constitute an indication that there has been no change in the state of affairs of the Property since the date this Offering Memorandum. Titus Realty, Inc has a policy of proactive broker cooperation with the investment brokerage community. A cooperating broker fee of the sales price shall be paid at closing to cooperating broker that procures and represents the buyer that acquires this property. Cooperation does not include brokers that represent themselves as Principals or broker s whose member of his immediate family is participating in the purchase of the property. No broker will be recognized on a prospect that has previously contacted or been contacted by the Seller or the Seller s representatives. ALL PROPERTY SHOWINGS ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY. PLEASE CONSULT TITUS REALTY, INC. AGENT FOR MORE DETAILS. By acknowledging your receipt of this Offering Memorandum from Titus Realty, Inc. you agree: 1)The Offering Memorandum and its contents are confidential; 3 Page
4 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Property Address: 7341 Atoll Ave, North Hollywood, CA Property Description: Purchase Price: The property is not for sale. This is business for sale only $1,000,000 (not including inventory and building) $3,500,000 (Warehouse building and adjacent, 16,000 land) Total Leased Square Footage: Scheduled Annual Gross Income: 12,181 Sq. Ft. One Building Current $4,000,000 Net Operating Income: $800,000 4 Page
5 INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS German Auto Parts Depot is a well-established Auto Parts Warehouse centrally located in Van Nuys. The business was established in 1999 and has been strongly growing throughout all these years. The best advantage of this business is its ability to provide OEM replacement parts for all European cars such as BMW, Mercedes Benz, Porsche, Audi, Volkswagen, Mini Cooper, ets at the most competitive prices. The facility where the business is located is a large 12,000 building comprised of a big warehouse, entry room office, salesman quarters, and many convenient spaces that can be utilized as desired. German Auto Parts Depot has a very unique and strong position in auto parts business. It is one of the few authorized businesses to purchase and deliver OEM parts at the most competitive prices. Throughout many years being in auto parts business GAPD developed many business to business partners. It has over 1900 clients including dealerships, large body and automotive shops, and even smaller auto parts store who purchase auto parts exclusively from GAPD. 5 Page
14 ABOUT TITUS REALTY, INC. Titus Realty, Inc. is a commercial, business and residential real estate brokerage, serving Los Angeles Area since The firm has paved its way in the local market by building strong, successful relationships through local investors, business developers, and leading businesses. Titus Realty has brokered over $500 million in commercial and residential real estate transaction since Respected throughout the industry for our experience and knowledge of the niche residential, residential income and commercial markets, Titus Realty Inc. is dedicated to meeting and exceeding all of your real estate needs. Having brokerage, investment, management, development, consulting, and facilities maintenance services within the same company allows our clients to experience a true full-service real estate company embracing all of our clients needs. Most of the company s multi-year experienced agents were raised in Los Angeles and have long, deeply rooted relationships in the community an asset our clients find as highly beneficial. 14 Page
15 BIOGRAPHY Nick Ananyan Broker Nick Ananyan has a plethora of knowledge and experience in commercial and residential real estate. Throughout his career spanning over 15 years he closed in excess of $200 million worth of residential and commercial real estate transactions ranging. His combined knowledge of real estate, finance, and accounting allows him to deliver the best of many worlds to his clients addressing all financial and real estate concerns. He regularly conducts meetings and seminars, teachings sales and marketing skills to incoming real estate professionals early in their carriers. His clients range from multi-unit developers, business developers, hedge fund managers and individual investors who have been loyal for many years. His key to success is a combination of a great team he has develop over years, a team of realtors, escrow and title officers, lenders, as well as many professionals working hand in hand with Titus Realty, a company known for integrity, professionalism, loyalty and efficiency in handing any transactions. 15 Page
16 LIANA TAMAZYAN, Commercial Realty Specialist Liana Tamazyan is one of the Titus Realty, Inc top commercial producers. She has strong work ethics combined with her sound knowledge of the Los Angeles commercial real estate market that enables her to complete transactions with precision and ease. She was raised in Los Angeles and began her real estate career over since In 2012 She joined Titus Realty to specialize in commercial real estate, mainly multi-unit buildings. She has an accomplished professional having sold over $50 million in commercial real estate. Her strength and professional knowledge of real estate attributes to smooth and successful transactions representing seller and buyer sides. 16 Page
Marketing Software and Web Developer with Clients Nationwide This web-development, marketing, and software company, founded in 2000, has developed a loyal, long-term client base, who appreciates its excellent
LIFE SETTLEMENT PROVIDER BEST PRACTICES The standardization of life settlement origination practices is critical to promote the growth of life settlements as an asset class. Standardized origination practices
Seller A [Address] Seller B [Address] Re: Proposal to Purchase Stock of the Company Dear Sellers: This letter is intended to summarize the principal terms of a proposal being considered by (the "Buyer")
BROKER SALESPERSON INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT is entered into this day of, 20, between ( Broker ) and ( Salesperson ).
BROKER SALESPERSON INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT THIS AGREEMENT is entered into this day of, 20, between ( Broker ) and ( Salesperson ). RECITALS: Broker is engaged in business as a duly licensed real
Niche medical billing service with stable, reliable government clients This 25+ year old company provides a narrow niche medical billing service that primarily serves city and county government agencies
ATLANTA COMMERCIAL BOARD OF REALTORS, INC. EXCLUSIVE LISTING AGREEMENT FOR SALE OF REAL PROPERTY THIS EXCLUSIVE LISTING AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated, is made and entered into by and between as owner
Investment Advisory Agreement Whereas ("Client") hereby appoints Fried Asset Management, Inc. ("Adviser") as investment adviser to manage the investment and reinvestment of the cash and securities in the
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES OF TRIBUNE PUBLISHING COMPANY. (Adopted as of August 4, 2014; Amended as of January 20, 2016)
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES OF TRIBUNE PUBLISHING COMPANY (Adopted as of August 4, 2014; Amended as of January 20, 2016) The Board of Directors (the Board ) of Tribune Publishing Company (the Company
PRESENTED BY: PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTS Great Multi-Family Investment Opportunity Properties located in Versailles and Lexington Potential Upside Multi-family and Single-family mix Projected NOI of $67,450 SALE
1370 & 1380 PANTHEON WAY, SAN ANTONIO, TX 78232 FOR LEASE Pantheon Way Garden Office consists of two Class A garden office buildings totaling 24,300+ sf on 2+ acre park-like setting. Conveniently situated
1 This presentation does not constitute an offer, or invitation, or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or purchase This presentation any securities does neither not constitute does this an presentation
Referral Agency and Packaging Agency Agreement Please read this agreement carefully. In signing this agreement, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by each and every provision
EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO SELL LISTING AGREEMENT (VACANT LAND) This EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO SELL LISTING AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into (Date), between as Seller(s) ("Seller") of the property described below
BROKER AGREEMENT. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of promises, covenants and agreements hereinafter contain, the parties agree as follows:
THIS AGREEMENT is entered into in the State of California this day of 2006, between Crestline Funding Corporation, hereinafter referred to as Crestline Funding, and, hereinafter referred to as Broker.
SUBLEASE AGREEMENT THIS SUBLEASE AGREEMENT is entered into on, 20 by and between ("SUBLESSOR ), with an address of and, ("SUBTENANT"), currently located at (the Parties ). FOR VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the
Letter of Intent for Acquisition Purchase of Stock of the Business for a Combination of Cash and Purchaser s Stock (Pro-Buyer Oriented)
Form: Letter of Intent for Acquisition Purchase of Stock of the Business for a Combination of Cash and Purchaser s Stock (Pro-Buyer Oriented) Description: This is a sample Letter of Intent for the acquisition
Vorpahl Wing Securities, Inc. Assets Management Agreement Account : Account # IAR # This Assets Management Agreement together with the Schedules attached hereto, (collectively the Agreement ), is by and
This Investment Advisory Agreement ( Agreement ) is entered into by and between ( Client ), SPC Financial (SPC) a U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Independent Registered Investment Adviser,
THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT. IF NOT UNDERSTOOD, SEEK LEGAL ADVICE. This contract form has been prepared by the Nebraska Real Estate Commission. It is intended to include provisions common to most
LIBERTY REALTY L.L.C. BROKER-SALESPERSON INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT THIS AGREEMENT, is made and entered this day of by and between Liberty Realty, L.L.C., a New Jersey limited liability company with
REFERRALS TO AFFILIATED TITLE COMPANIES: TAKE GREAT CARE REALTORS with affiliated companies such as title companies or mortgage brokerages need to know about a recent Consumer Finance Protection Bureau
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT THIS AGREEMENT is made this day of, 20 by and between I.Q. Trends Private Client Asset Management (the Advisor ), a California corporation, whose principal place
Investment Advisory Agreement Advantage Portfolio Management Program Dear Sirs/Madams: This Investment Advisory Agreement confirms our agreement as to the following: CLIENT NAME(s): ( Client ) ACCOUNT
EXCLUSIVE LISTING AGREEMENT FOR SALE OF COMMERCIAL REAL PROPERTY The undersigned (hereinafter referred to as Seller ) of the Property (described below), do hereby grant to (hereinafter referred to as Broker
Iowa Association of REALTORS Member Professional Conduct Manual Prepared and Edited By Paul McLaughlin, JD And Ray Osthus, CRS, GRI Copyright MCMXCIX Forward This manual has been prepared as a guide to
To: Bucharest Stock Exchange Financial Supervisory Authority Current report according to Article 99 of the Code of the Bucharest Stock Exchange, Title II, Issuers and Financial Instruments. Events to be
Form: Description: Orientation: Reference to Other Document: Investor Information: Stock Subscription Agreement This is a sample form of Stock Subscription Agreement for the purchase of common stock in
Deals www.pwc.com/ca/deals Considering succession planning or selling your dealership? Our trusted advisors will help you achieve success on your terms M&A spotlight: Driving for change Future outlook
ELKHART COUNTY BOARD OF REALTORS AND MULTIPLE LISTING SERVICE OF ELKHART COUNTY INC. VIRTUAL OFFICE WEBSITE (VOW) LICENSE AGREEMENT This License Agreement (the Agreement) is made and entered into between
SELLING TERMS AND CONDITIONS 1. The Agreement. All sales by Sterling Machinery, Inc., an Arkansas corporation (the Seller ) to the purchaser of Seller s Goods (the Buyer ) shall be governed by the following
Valued Representation. VR is celebrating 32 years of successful business sales through valued representation Valued Representation defines VR.
Valued Representation VR is celebrating 32 years of successful business sales through valued representation Valued Representation defines VR. VR is: VALUED REPRESENTATION Welcome to Volume #6 Course #
MRMLS LISTING INFORMATION LICENSE AGREEMENT (MRMLS data feed to Affiliated VOW Partner) This Listing Information License Agreement (the Agreement ) is made and entered into by and between MULTI REGIONAL
Buyer Representation Agreement Authority for Purchase or Lease Toronto RealEstate Board DISCLAIMER: Forms are created with a view to identify and satisfy general needs. The pre-set portion of any Form
Exclusive Right To Sell Listing Agreement CONSIDERATION AND TERMS OF CONTRACT: Kermath Realty LLC, hereinafter referred to as KRLLC, agrees to market, negotiate, schedule and show with potential buyers
TERMS AND CONDITIONS INFLUENCERS AT WORK These TERMS AND CONDICTIONS (this Agreement ) are agreed to between InfluencersAtWork, Ltd. ( InfluencerAtWork ) and you, or if you represent a company or other
From: Hong Kong Wah Sun Company [mailto:wahsuntradinghongkong@outlook.com] Sent: Friday, October 23, 2015 3:39 PM Subject: Conflict Check Legal Matter in process to review of proposed transaction contract
3 The SAS70 standard is obsolete from 15th June 2011 The changes are subtle but our overall view is that organisations need to act now, to help minimise the impact on themselves and their customers. Enhancing Trust and Transparency 1
4 What you need to know Organisations that provide services to their customers are often subject to independent assessments of the processes executed on behalf of their customers. Statement on Auditing Standards (SAS) No. 70 has long been the most widespread and recognised standard globally for performing these assessments. It gave the service organisation a mechanism for providing an independent assurance report (and therefore comfort) to their customers. The requirements and guidance for auditors reporting under SAS 70 will be superseded for reporting periods ending on or after the 15th June 2011 by SSAE 16. However, given both SAS 70 and SSAE 16 are US based standards, and many countries did not have their own standard for performing such assessments, an international standard, ISAE 3402, was issued in December This new standard will provide a reporting option for service organisations that need a global attestation standard to deliver consistent reporting worldwide, or will form the basis for updating regional standards (such as AAF 01/06). Like SSAE 16, the new standard is effective for reports with periods ending on or after June 15, 2011 and will permit early adoption. The focus of this document is on the necessary changes to move from SAS 70 to ISAE It includes comments on the impact of those updates on service organisations and service auditors. Key similarities and differences between ISAE 3402 and SAS 70 Similarities Scope is focused on controls that are likely to be relevant to user entities internal control over financial reporting Type 1 and Type 2 reports may be issued by the service auditor. Reports may include (inclusive method) or exclude (carve-out method) services provided by subservice organisations Service organisation s description of controls under SAS 70 generally will provide a basis for the system description under ISAE 3402 Service auditor s report is restricted to use by the service organisations management, customers of the service organisation and the customers auditors Differences Management is required to provide a written assertion with respect to the service organisations responsibilities for systems and controls Subservice organisations are required to provide a similar assertion when they are included in the scope of the report In a Type 2 report, the service auditor opines on the suitability of the design of controls related to the control objectives throughout the entire period The service auditor is required to disclose any reliance on the work of Internal Audit (or other independent management testing functions) within the report Overall assessment of key changes to the standard The new standard is not designed to change how an engagement to report on controls is performed. Rather, it has been prepared to meet the demand for an internationally recognised standard and to fit into the current framework for assurance standards. The new standard does include some new requirements and changes to previous requirements of SAS 70. For each of the key changes discussed herein, we have provided an assessment of the difference from SAS 70 and the level of effort it will require of the service organisation to implement the change. Acronym Buster Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements 16 (SSAE 16) is the US standard issued by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3402 (ISAE 3402) is issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB). 2 PricewaterhouseCoopers
5 Detailed assessment of key changes to the standard Management assertion Difference from SAS 70 Different Level of effort to implement Medium Under the new standard, the service organisation has to acknowledge its responsibilities through a written assertion, which will state that the controls are fairly presented, suitably designed and operating effectively to achieve the specified control objectives. Management s assertion will be included in, or attached to, management s description of the system and documented within the report. Management s assertion should be based on suitable criteria. Management should select the criteria to be used to make their assertion and should state them within the assertion. A service auditor is precluded from issuing a report if management does not provide a written assertion. The standard provides outline guidance in this area, which should make this requirement straight-forward to implement. Management should have a reasonable basis for its assertion, which may be achieved through on-going monitoring activities that provide evidence of the design and operating effectiveness of controls. But there is no specific requirement for management testing as with Sarbanes Oxley. Management s representation letter signed at the completion of a SAS 70 engagement today covers the same ground as the required items within management s assertion. Therefore, provision of the assertion is not expected to incur costs at the service organisation. However, service organisations may wish to consider who will be responsible for making the assertion. Enhancing Trust and Transparency 3
6 Description of the system Difference from SAS 70 Similar Level of effort to implement Medium In addition to a written assertion, management is responsible for preparing its description of the service organisation s system ( the system ). The system is defined as the policies and procedures designed, implemented, and documented by management to provide customers with the services covered by the service auditor s report. Management s description should identify at a minimum, the following criteria (as applicable): Services covered, including as appropriate the classes of transactions processed; The procedures by which services are provided and details of the relevant records and supporting information; Period covered by the report; Relevant control objectives and related controls; Complementary user controls; Controls performed by the subservice organisation (inclusive reports); The process used to prepare reports provided to customers; Changes to the system during the period covered by the report; and Other aspects of the service organisation s control environment, risk assessment process, information and communication systems, and monitoring of controls, as defined by the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations (COSO) internal control framework that could be relevant to user entities. In many cases, a majority of the elements to be included in management s description of the system as required under ISAE 3402 have been included in existing SAS 70 reports. In such cases, there should not be a significant additional work effort required of the service organisation. 4 PricewaterhouseCoopers
7 Identification of risks to achieving control objectives Difference from SAS 70 Similar Level of effort to implement Low Similar to guidance under SAS 70, management s description of the system should specify control objectives and related controls. Management are expected to consider the risks that threaten the achievement of the control objectives, whether the controls do enough to mitigate those risks and whether the controls are consistently applied. ISAE 3402 allows for management to have a formal or informal process for identifying the relevant risks and does not require that management explicitly include such risks within the report. However, our perspective on leading practice is that management conduct and formally document their consideration of the relevant risks. As many companies have already performed this risk assessment as part of the creation of the control objectives and control activities for their historical SAS 70 efforts, identifying the relevant risks factors should not create significant additional work Subservice organisations Difference from SAS 70 Different Level of effort to implement Medium Consistent with SAS 70, ISAE 3402 allows the service organisation to describe the use of subservice organisations through either an inclusive or carve-out method of presentation. When using the inclusive method, management s description of the system should include a description of, and clearly distinguish, the services provided by the subservice organisation. Additionally, the subservice organisation is subject to the same requirements as the service organisation and should provide the following: A description of the related control objectives and controls at the subservice organisation; A written assertion, to be included in, or attached to, management s description of the service organisation s system; and A letter of representation. The requirement that the subservice organisation provide a written assertion, when employing the inclusive method, may present the greatest challenge, which management should proactively coordinate well in advance of a service auditor engagement. The representation letter signed at the completion of a SAS 70 engagement today, covers the same ground as the required items within the assertion. Enhancing Trust and Transparency 5
8 Using work of internal audit Difference from SAS 70 Moderate Level of effort to implement Medium The service auditor may use the work of internal audit or other independent controlrelated functions that has been performed independent of the service auditor s work to support their testing. However, there are often challenges in finding sufficient alignment of the scope and timing of work performed by internal audit or other independent control-related functions with that of the service auditor. If the service auditor is able to overcome such challenges and is able to use this work in performing their tests of controls, additional disclosure is required within the report to provide transparency on the use of internal audit. Such disclosure is not required when individual members of an internal audit or another control-related function are used in the more common direct assistance capacity (i.e. under the direction of the service auditor). 6 PricewaterhouseCoopers
9 Key Action Items The following are key action items for the service organisation to consider when implementing the new ISAE 3402 standard: Service auditor initiate discussions with service auditors to increase your understanding of the new standard and gain insight from the service auditor s perspective; Timing of adoption the standard is effective for reports with periods ending on or after June 15, For example, a twelve-month report period beginning July 1, 2010 would be issued under ISAE 3402; Management s assertion identify the risks that threaten achievement of control objectives, evaluate current control monitoring processes to determine if enhancements are necessary to support management s written assertion. Determine which members of management will be responsible for providing the assertion; System description re-visit existing descriptions of controls within current SAS 70 reports as a foundation for developing management s description of the service organisation s system, including control objectives, risks, and related controls; Subservice organisations if subservice organisations are to be included in management s description of the service organisation s system, determine whether to use the inclusive or carve-out method. If using the inclusive method, initiate discussions with the subservice organisation regarding their requirements under the new standard; and Communication plan establish a plan for communication of the new standard and for education of customer service teams, contract teams, sales teams, and customers. Re-visit and assess the impact on customer contracts, as necessary. Enhancing Trust and Transparency 7
12 pwc.com This document has been prepared for the intended recipients only. To the extent permitted by law, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP does not accept or assume any liability, responsibility or duty of care for any use of or reliance on this document by anyone, other than (i) the intended recipient to the extent agreed in the relevant contract for the matter to which this document relates (if any), or (ii) as expressly agreed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP at its sole discretion in writing in advance PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. All rights reserved. PricewaterhouseCoopers refers to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (a limited liability partnership in the United Kingdom) or, as the context requires, other member firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, each of which is a separate and independent legal entity.
At a glance. A provision to require a written assertion from company management is the most notable difference between the two standards.
At a glance While there are some differences, SAS 70 and SSAE 16 are substantially the same. SAS 70 is an audit standard while SSAE 16 is an attest standard. Out with the old SAS 70 and in with the new
Here comes SSAE 16 SAS 70 EVOLUTION: How will the new standard affect my business? How do I prepare to meet the new requirements?
SAS 70 EVOLUTION: Here comes SSAE 16 PLANNING FOR THE NEW SERVICE ORGANIZATION REPORTING STANDARDS The prevalence of SAS 70 audits has grown dramatically since the standards issuance in April of 1992.
G24: Audits of Controls at a Service Organization: New Standards SSAE 16 and ISAE 3402 Duff Donnelly and Jeffrey Spivack, Grant Thornton LLP Audits of controls at a service organization Roadmap to the
Goodbye, SAS 70! Hello, SSAE 16! A Session to Provide Insight on the New Standard and What Service Providers and End-Users Need to Know January 3, 2012 Agenda Introduction Background on what was SAS 70
Reporting on Controls at a Service Organization 1529 AT Section 801 Reporting on Controls at a Service Organization (Supersedes the guidance for service auditors in Statement on Auditing Standards No.
Farewell to SAS 70 What you need to know about the New Standard for Service Organization Reporting ADVISORY rights reserved. KPMG and the KPMG logo are registered trademarks of KPMG International Cooperative
End of the SAS 70 Era For years businesses that outsource have relied on SAS 70 reports on the internal controls of third party providers. The standard for those reports is changing. New Standards Replacing
BASIS FOR CONCLUSIONS Canadian Standard on Assurance Engagements (CSAE) 3416, Reporting on Controls at a Service Organization
August 2010 BASIS FOR CONCLUSIONS Canadian Standard on Assurance Engagements (CSAE) 3416, Reporting on Controls at a Service Organization This Basis for Conclusions has been prepared by staff of the Auditing
Shared Service System Audits: What User Management and Auditors Need to Know JFMIP May 2014 Presented by: Robert Dacey GAO Session Objectives Properly using SSAE 16 service organization audit reports Revisions
Aberdeen City Council Internal Audit Report Final Contract management arrangements within Social Care & Wellbeing 2013/2014 for Aberdeen City Council January 2014 Internal Audit KPI Targets Target Dates
FAQs New Service Organization Standards and Implementation Guidance During the past two years several significant changes have occurred in audit and attest standards for reporting on controls at service
A Member of OneBeacon Insurance Group SSAE 16 & SAS 70 A Primer on Changes to Service Organization Audit Standards Author: Jack Fletcher, Risk Control Technology Specialist Published: November 2014 Executive
1. Is the licensing requirement for a SOC 2 or 3 different than for a SOC 1? SOC reports are attestation reports issued in accordance with AICPA standards. Therefore, licensing requirements are the same
SSAE 16 SOC 1 Type 2 Independent Service Auditor s Report on Management s Description of a Service Organization s System and the Suitability of the Design and Operating Effectiveness of Controls September
Effectively using SOC 1, SOC 2, and SOC 3 reports for increased assurance over outsourced operations. kpmg.com
Effectively using SOC 1, SOC 2, and SOC 3 reports for increased assurance over outsourced operations kpmg.com b Section or Brochure name Effectively using SOC 1, SOC 2, and SOC 3 reports for increased
www.pwc.co.uk November 2011 Managing contractors involved in high impact activities A study of practices adopted by major organisations across six different sectors Contents 1. Introduction 2 2. Executive
Our Impacts: accurate base factor data supporting Audit Ready Output Report on third party sourced base factors used within the Our Impacts platform as at 31 January 2014 and the design of internal controls
Asset Manager Guide to SAS 70 Issue Date: October 7, 2007 Asset Management Group A s s e t M a n a g e r G u i d e SAS 70 Table of Contents Executive Summary...3 Overview and Current Landscape...3 Service
SOC2 Security Report on Controls Supporting DriveSavers Services Independent Service Auditor s Report on Design of Controls Placed in Operation and Tests of Operational Effectiveness Relevant to Security
www.pwc.com/ca/controls Navigating the transition to CSAE 3416 FAQs on the new Canadian Standard on Assurance Engagements In response to changes in third-party assurance standards in both the US and internationally,
3.B METHODOLOGY SERVICE PROVIDER Approximately four years ago, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) issued Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) No. 16, Reporting
Stockholm 9th October 2012 Mr. James Gunn Technical Director International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board 545 Fifth Avenue, 14th Floor New York, New York 10017, USA Invitation to Comment document:
TECHNOLOGY RISK SERVICES Third party assurance services Delivering assurance over your service providers The current third party service provider environment Corporate UK has been transformed in recent
Entitlements Management System (EMS) Technology Update Project Health Check Review February 2010 Final This report and PricewaterhouseCoopers deliverables are intended solely for the Department of Finance
UK Corporate Governance Code: Raising the bar on risk management Why this is not business as usual and what you need to do to comply
www.pwc.co.uk/riskassurance UK Corporate Governance Code: Raising the bar on risk management Why this is not business as usual and what you need to do to comply September 2014 The FRC s amendments to the
Auditing Standard 5- Effective and Efficient SOX Compliance September 6, 2007 Presented to: The Dallas Chapter of the Institute of Internal Auditors These slides are incomplete without the benefit of the
Guide to Understanding SAS 70 Reports Authors: Norm Parkerson, Business Advisory Services Executive Director and Brett Williams, Business Advisory Services Partner In today s global economy, service organizations
PwC Reg AB Is Here to Stay: What does this mean for servicers? By LaWanda Morris Tom Knox PwC Reg AB Is Here to Stay: What does this mean for servicers? By LaWanda Morris/Tom Knox Background The Securities
November 2011 AICPA Technical Practice Aids TIS Section 9520, SSAE No. 16, Reporting on Controls at a Service Organization.01 New Standards for Service Auditors and User Auditors Inquiry Did the issuance
Auditing Derivative Instruments 1915 AU Section 332 Auditing Derivative Instruments, Hedging Activities, and Investments in Securities 1 (Supersedes SAS No. 81.) Source: SAS No. 92. See section 9332 for
How mature is the internal control framework at your service organisation? ISAE 3402 and SSAE 16: Reinforcing confidence through demonstration of
How mature is the internal control framework at your service organisation? ISAE 3402 and SSAE 16: Reinforcing confidence through demonstration of effective controls ISAE 3402 and SSAE 16 defined Overview
www.pwc.co.uk Introducing Agile Projects Colin Evans February 2016 Agenda What is an agile project? Why has agile become popular? A crash course in agile. Some of the issues with agile? Discussion Some
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive What does this mean for your business? Background to the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (AIFMD) The Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFM)
www.pwc.co.uk/cyber Cyber security Building confidence in your digital future We provide a range of integrated cyber security services, helping you protect what matters Building confidence in your digital
BUSINESS ASSOCIATE PRIVACY AND SECURITY ADDENDUM This Business Associate Addendum ( Addendum ), effective, 20 ( Effective Date ), is entered into by and between University of Southern California, ( University
Protecting your brand in the cloud Transparency and trust through enhanced reporting Third-party Assurance November 2011 At a glance Cloud computing has unprecedented potential to deliver greater business
Structured finance. - accounting developments: Special purposes entities Consolidation and Disclosure
Citation for published version (APA): Berthing, H. H. (2014). Vision for IT Audit 2020. Abstract from Nordic ISACA Conference 2014, Oslo, Norway.
Aalborg Universitet Vision for IT Audit 2020 Berthing, Hans Henrik Aabenhus Publication date: 2014 Document Version Early version, also known as pre-print Link to publication from Aalborg University Citation
SSAE 16 for Transportation & Logistics Companies Chris Kradjan Kim Koch 1 The material appearing in this presentation is for informational purposes only and should not be construed as advice of any kind,
Inquiry of a Client s Lawyer 1985 AU Section 337 Inquiry of a Client s Lawyer Concerning Litigation, Claims, and Assessments 1 Source: SAS No. 12. See section 9337 for interpretations of this section.
GAO. Government Auditing Standards. 2011 Revision. By the Comptroller General of the United States. United States Government Accountability Office
GAO United States Government Accountability Office By the Comptroller General of the United States December 2011 Government Auditing Standards 2011 Revision GAO-12-331G GAO United States Government Accountability
MANAGEMENT LETTER Board of Directors Indianapolis, Indiana In planning and performing our audit of the consolidated financial statements of TCM International Institute, Inc. and European Evangelistic Society
www.pwc.com Navigating the Regulatory Maze Navigating the Regulatory Maze AIFMD Impact on Service Providers January 2011 AIFMD Impact on Service Providers The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive
Information Commissioner's Office Internal Audit 2013-14: Follow up Last updated 4 July 2014 Distribution For action Senior Corporate Governance Manager Timetable Fieldwork completed 21 May 2014 Draft
Innovation Working Group Chuck Landes, IAASB Deputy Chair and Working Group Chair IAASB Meeting September 2015 Agenda Item 8-B Page 1 Purpose of the Session Inform the IAASB on new developments that may
Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy (Pertaining to the Company s Independent Auditor)
Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy (Pertaining to the Company s Independent Auditor) Statement of Principles Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act ) and in accordance
WELCOME TO SECURE360 2013 Don t forget to pick up your Certificate of Attendance at the end of each day. Please complete the Session Survey front and back, and leave it on your seat. Are you tweeting?
www.pwc.co.uk Practical guide to corporate governance Governance reporting Moving it forward April 2013 Draft Contents 1 What s the issue? 1 How to address the issue 1 Conclusion 3 Appendices 4 Appendix
SERVICE ORGANIZATION CONTROL REPORTS SM Formerly SAS 70 Reports SAS No. 70, Service Organizations Standard for reporting on a service organization s controls affecting user entities financial statements
The Upside of Risk: Enterprise Risk Management and Public Real Estate Companies James Barkley, Simon Property Group, Inc. and David E. Weiss, DDR Corp. Introduction: As lawyers, particularly real estate
SARBANES-OXLEY SECTION 404 A TOOLKIT FOR MANAGEMENT AND AUDITORS VOLUME 2 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) was established by Congress under
UK Stewardship Code Response by LLP London / 31 March, 2015 Page 1 This document, available on our website, outlines our response to the UK Stewardship Code and the ways in which we discharge our stewardship
112 Aviva plc Annual report and accounts 2014 Independent auditors report to the members of Aviva plc Report on the financial statements Our opinion In our opinion, Aviva plc s Consolidated financial statements
Auditing Guidance Statement AGS 1042 (July 2002) Reporting on Control Procedures at Outsourcing Entities Prepared by the Auditing & Assurance Standards Board of the Australian Accounting Research Foundation
Download "The potential of birch afforestation as an after-use option for industrial cutaway peatlands"
1 Suoseura Finnish Peatland Society ISSN Helsinki 2010 Suo 61(3 4): Suo (3 4) Research 2010 articles 59 The potential of birch afforestation as an after-use option for industrial cutaway peatlands Koivun soveltuvuus suonpohjien metsittämisessä Irlannissa Florence Renou-Wilson, Minna Pöllänen, Kenneth Byrne, David Wilson and Edward P. Farrell F. Renou-Wilson, M. Pöllänen, K. Byrne, D. Wilson and E.P. Farrell, School of Biology and Environmental Science, Agriculture and Food Centre, University College Dublin, Belfield, Dublin 4. Tel: ; Fax: ; ucd.ie In the next few decades, industrial peat extraction will cease gradually over more than 80,000 hectares of cutaway peatlands in Ireland and alternative land uses will change the landscape of these areas. This study showed that substantial natural regeneration of downy birch (Betula pubescens) can occur on abandoned as well as cutaway peatlands afforested with conifers. Natural seedling birch stands measured in this study had an estimated biomass production of between 3100 and 5800 kg dry matter ha 1 year 1. This corresponded to an annual carbon stock increment estimated at between 1500 and 2900 kg C ha 1. Direct sowing experiments conducted in this study were the first of their kind in Ireland and showed that sowing downy birch and fertilization with P and K could be a possible management option for the after-use of cutaway peatlands. Exposure was the main obstacle to successful germination and artificial shelter led to higher rates of germination and survival of birch seedlings after the first winter. It can be concluded that birch (naturally or artificially established) can be a feature of this future landscape, bringing many attributes: nurse species, biomass, increased woodland cover and biodiversity. Keywords: Downy birch, biomass, cutaway peatlands, sowing, natural regeneration, fertilization, shelter Introduction Over the next few decades, industrial peat extraction will cease over an estimated hectares of cutaway peatlands in Ireland. While extensive research has been carried out to assess various after-use options for these areas (Renou et al. 2006), studies over the last number of years have concentrated on their possible use for forestry (Renou-Wilson et al. 2008b), as potential stores for atmospheric carbon (C) (Wilson & Farrell 2007, Wilson 2009, Wilson et al. 2009, Wilson et al. In review) and as new areas of wilderness (both wet and dry re-colonization/rehabilitation)
2 60 Renou-Wilson et al. (Rowlands & Feehan 2000a, Higgins & Colleran 2006). So far, ha of peatlands have become cutaway and current after-uses include commercial forestry, natural mixed forests, semi-natural wetlands, grasslands and recreational amenities. Research has shown that land use options are constrained by a number of factors such as drainage, peat thickness and type, the nature of underlying soils and accessibility (Higgins & Colleran 2006, Renou-Wilson et al. 2008b). The biggest proportion (up to 30%) may be left to dryland recolonisation. After peat extraction has ceased, the residual peat is virtually free from seeds (Curran & MacNaeidhe 1984) and colonization may take several years due to microclimatic and substrate conditions of the cutaway (Salonen & Laaksonen 1994, Tuittila et al. 2000). In both plantation forestry and dry colonisation scenarios, it is likely that birch seedlings will colonize the sites naturally, initially in the more sheltered areas before it steadily spreads using previously generated trees to provide shelter for the new seedlings (Rowlands & Feehan 2000b, Renou-Wilson et al. 2008b). Birch species are an important component of boreal and temperate forests throughout Northern Europe, Asia and America. Ireland has two native species of birch, silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) and downy birch (Betula pubescens Ehrh.); the latter is also known as bog birch, being most common on cooler, wetter and poorer soils such as peatlands. From a botanical point of view, birch wood is the natural climax vegetation on many abandoned cutaway bogs (Feehan et al. 2008). Silver birch is generally associated with drier richer soils in sheltered areas (Horgan et al. 2003). Downy birch, in particular, has often been treated by foresters as a weed, under-valued, under-utilized and under-managed. This stigma comes from the fact that it is an opportunist colonizer of open landscape, its timber is of poor durability when untreated and it never reaches the larger, more financially attractive, size classes, often showing poor stem form. It usually goes into decline after reaching maturity (between 40 and 60 years). However, interest in birch is growing both in Ireland (Horgan et al. 2003) and in other countries (Hytönen & Aro 2004, Hytönen & Jylhä 2005, Johansson 2007, Repola 2008, Fay & Lavoie 2009). It has been recognized that, as a pioneer species, birch spreads naturally in open areas, especially in newly afforested areas (Watling 1984, Seaman 1994). Birch is also planted in mixtures with conifers to increase species diversity. Plantations that include native and broadleaved species are seen as being more valuable in terms of landscape, amenity, heritage and habitats. Due to its ability to regenerate profusely, areas can be naturally recolonized with birch and thereby contribute to the increased national forest coverage. Birch grows relatively rapidly and can be used as a nurse species for more economically-attractive species (e.g. frost-sensitive species). The wood can then be used for pulpwood or chips. Planted or naturally regenerated birch stands can also be managed on a short-rotation basis for biomass production. The coppicing ability of birch means that after clear cutting, birch re-grow vigorous sprouts. Birch woodlands could represent a welcome addition of considerable potential for the forester and also for the naturalist. Woodlands of natural native species in particular have widespread public appeal as well as being a new goal within the Forest Policy in Ireland under the Sustainable Forest Management guidelines. There are also likely to have popular support as a more natural component of the countryside. While these new native woodlands may be of poor quality they are outstanding for their biodiversity (Rowlands & Feehan 2000b). An exact figure for the total current area covered by birch woodland in Ireland is not available. In 1987, it was estimated that there were 5135 ha of birch (Keogh 1987) of which Coillte (State Forestry Board) owned just under 4000 ha (O Leary et al. 2001). With only a few stands of natural birch woodlands scattered across Ireland, the full potential for birch and the appropriate management regimes for either artificially or naturally regenerated stands are yet to be fully determined. Efforts to fill this lacuna have been made with recent research on the growth potential of birch in Ireland (Nieuwenhuis & Barrett 2001, Nieuwenhuis & Barrett 2002). The authors observed that the maximum height increment occurred before the age of 20 years and the fastest growing trees achieved a height growth of >1m per year during this period. They found that a
3 Suo 61(3 4) well-stocked unthinned stand of downy birch could achieve a standing volume of 200 m 3 ha 1 in 42 years (corresponding roughly to Yield Class 8 on peat (UK Classification System, Edwards & Christie 1981). The yield class varied from >4 on fen peat to 6 and 8 on two raised peat sites. However, the 33 sites investigated were selected for best possible stand quality and therefore may not have represented the general conditions that occur on cutaway peatlands. They also found that the majority of the stands surveyed had very poor stem form. A selection and improvement programme was initiated in Ireland in 1998 to provide a source of improved birch planting stock for the Irish forestry industry as poor stem quality has prevented its commercial exploitation. Field trials (including one on a cutaway peatland) are on-going and populations have been selected (O Dowd 2004, O Connor 2006). More specifically, Renou et al. (2007) investigated the forestry potential of the two native birch species (B. pendula and B. pubescens) on industrial cutaway peatlands. Bareroot stock as well as container stock were tested using small and large seedlings. Results from several field trials demonstrated excellent survival and good growth potential. Silver birch was the superior species especially on well drained and shallow peat sites. It was concluded that larger seedlings/saplings performed better, regardless of birch species and that bare-root silver birch grew fastest with reasonable form (Renou et al. 2007). Planting is the quickest way to establish birch but also the most expensive. Another option is direct sowing, which would be cheaper and could achieve land cover in reasonable timeframe. However several obstacles could be anticipated. Firstly, cutaway peatlands are characterized by their persistent exposure. While wind can be desirable from a colonization point of view (dissemination of pollen and seeds), it can have adverse effects at plant level (desiccation of young seedlings), and at soil level where erosion and crust-forming processes are common features due to the aerodynamically smooth surface of cutaway peatlands (Campbell et al. 2002). Secondly, cutaway peatlands located in the Irish Midlands are susceptible to late spring frost as well as having a tendency to surface drought in the spring (Renou-Wilson et al. 2008b). Sowing time is an important factor in the establishment of seedlings. In areas that do not suffer from winter frosts, but tend to be dry in early summer, autumn sowing may be advisable (McVean 1966). Alternatively, areas that are prone to frost but have a relatively high water carrying capacity may be more suitable for spring sowing (Anon. 2002). Seed treatment offers the possibility of extending the time of sowing. In natural conditions, germination of birch seeds are regulated by light but this can be overcome by subjecting the seed to a period of pre-chilling that removes the light requirement. Thirdly, fertilization with phosphorus (P) and later potassium (K) have been found to be critical to the growth of planted seedlings on cutaway peatlands (Renou-Wilson & Farrell 2007, Renou-Wilson et al. 2008a). While birch will readily establish wherever there is moderate soil phosphorus (P) status (Evans 1984), it is questionable whether P status in the remaining peat is sufficient for seedlings to establish and thrive. The first objective of the present study was to explore existing naturally established birch stands on cutaway peatlands in the Irish Midlands: their composition (species), stocking, biomass production and quality. The second main objective was to investigate direct sowing of downy birch, testing different management options (seed treatment, sowing date, fertilizer application and shelter). Overall, this study aimed to present some recommendations of appropriate strategies of establishment of birch on industrial cutaway peatlands. Material and methods Geographical and environmental background Eight areas were investigated during the course of this study (Table 1). These cutaway peatlands were all located in the Irish Midlands (c.60 m a.s.l.) in a basin-type landscape where precipitation averages 875 mm per annum with cool summers (July and August are the warmest months with an average of 14.5 C) and mild winters (January is the coldest month with an average of 4.1 C) (Collins & Cummins 1996).
4 62 Renou-Wilson et al. Survey of existing natural birch stands A field survey was carried out in summers 2003/2004 in order to investigate existing birch stands on cutaway peatlands. The material was collected from relatively dense stands of natural birch representing two types of natural regeneration on cutaway peatlands: (1) birch colonizing abandoned bare peat areas (n=58) and (2) birch colonizing afforested cutaways (n=63); the latter have been established in the late 1980s, mainly with Sitka spruce (Picea sitchensis (Bong.) Carr.), which, for the most part, had performed poorly. Based on past studies, local knowledge and personal experience, seven industrial cutaway peatlands located across the Irish Midlands were chosen (Table 1). At each site, 10 m 10 m plots were laid out randomly. Within each plot the following variables were recorded: tree species, number of trees, number of stems, tree height and stem diameter (DBH > 7 cm). The year of cessation of peat extraction, presence of bottom, field or tree layer and competition as well as obvious damage (frost, animals, fungi) to the trees were also documented. Laboratory analysis for species identification Downy and silver birch often form mixed stands. Quite often the morphological characteristics shown by a tree can be an intermediate of both species making the identification in the field difficult. In order to accurately identify the birch species in question, a more reliable method is a laboratory analysis using a precipitation procedure developed by Lundgren et al. (1995). For this analysis, bark samples were collected from all of the trees in each plot apart from the smallest trees. These samples were brought back to the laboratory and analyzed by placing a sample of inner bark in a test tube containing a solution of 2,4-dinitrophenylhydrazine. Within two hours at room temperature the samples of silver birch form an orange precipitate whereas those of downy birch stay clear. This reaction is due to the fact that silver birch contains larger amounts of diarylheptanoid glucoside platyphylloside than downy birch. The laboratory tests results were 100% in agreement with the results from the visual determination of birch species. Biomass sampling The biomass study was carried out at four cutaway areas during the summer months (Table 1). All the trees in each 10 m 2 sampling plot were recorded and their diameter breast height (DBH) measured the number of sampling plots varied at each site depending on the total stand area (Table 1). Ten trees representing the range in DBH values within the plot, including single and multiple stem trees, were then harvested. In total, 200 trees were felled and separated into: stem, branches, foliage Table 1: Industrial cutaway peatland areas where various birch studies were carried out in this study. Taulukko 1. Tutkimuksessa käytetyt koivun metsityskokeet turvetuotannosta vapautuneilla suonpohjilla Irlannissa. Area Location Study Vegetation No sampling No sampling plots cover plots for natural for biomass study birch survey study Alue Sijainti Koe Kasvillisuus Koivun uudistumis- Koivun biomassakoealoja (kpl) koealoja Lullymore N, 6 57 W Natural birch survey Afforested 3 Clonsast N, 7 10 W Nat. birch survey Natural 4 Ballybrackan A N, 7 43 W Nat. birch survey Natural 4 Ballybrackan B N, 7 43 W Nat. birch survey + BM sampl. Natural 20 2 Ballybrackan C N, 7 43 W Nat. birch survey + BM sampl. Afforested Turraun N, 7 45 W Nat. birch survey + BM sampl. Natural 30 3 Tumduff N, 7 42 W Nat. birch survey + BM sampl. Afforested 50 5 East Boora N, 7 43 W Sowing experiments Bare See Table 3 for individual experiment ks. yksittäiset kokeet, Taulukko 3
5 Suo 61(3 4) with small branches and dead wood. Branches were sorted by diameter into three size groups; <30 mm, mm and >50 mm. Belowground biomass was estimated by removal of all roots greater than 2mm from a 2m 2m square marked from the centre of each tree stump. The root system was extracted (including the stump) and roots were sorted on the same diameter size categories as employed with the branches. The fresh weight of all of the components was determined on site and sub-samples were taken for determination of moisture content in the laboratory. Samples were weighed and dried at 105 C until constant weight was achieved (over 72 hours). Foliage was separated from the branches and weighed independently. Samples from each component were ground to obtain 0.1 mm particle size samples for carbon (C) and N determination using a total C analyzer (Analitik Jena micro N/C Analyzer). The most important tree parameter used in the estimation of biomass is likely to be DBH as the addition of height has been found to have only a minor effect (Schmitt & Grigal 1981, Ferm & Kaunisto 1983, Harding & Grigal 1985, Hytönen & Kaunisto 1999, Johansson 2007). This was confirmed in this study and therefore the basic model is in the form of power function: BM = adbh b (1) where BM is the total dry biomass (kg), DBH is the stem diameter (cm) at 1.3 m and a and b are coefficients. As the DBH data were not normally distributed (Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, p < 0.05), they were log transformed prior to the analysis in order to achieve constant deviation. The linear logarithmic relationship is therefore: lnbm = a + blndbh (2) A correction factor (Baskerville 1972) was calculated and used to correct the systematic bias associated with logarithmic transformations. Final estimations of biomass were calculated by applying the equations to the survey data. Direct sowing experiments General description All the sowing experiments were carried out in East Boora industrial cutaway peatland which has been abandoned since 1999 when industrial milled-peat extraction for energy generation ceased. The remaining peat layer was mediumhumified to well-humified Phragmites peat with some wood residues, and its physical and chemical composition (Table 2) was typical of industrial cutaway peatlands in the region (Renou-Wilson et al. 2008b). Sowing took place in spring 2003 which was drier and warmer than the 30 year average while May was more than three times wetter than the average (Table 3). Vegetation was very sparse at the time and where present, located in or near the drains. The area was divided into 6 experimental blocks (A F). Each block was further divided following experimental designs to test fertilizer application, seed treatment, micro-forms and shelter (Table 4). The areas were all sown at a rate of 1 kg of seed per ha mixed with sand (20 kg sand per ha). Hand sowing and machine broadcasting (purposely-adjusted seed spreader) were used alternatively depending mainly on the size of the area. Birch is provenance specific (Brodie 1990) and therefore care was taken to choose a seed source from close to the sowing site. The downy birch seed originated from Templetuohy, County Laois (BC-IELAOI-B23) and was certified to contain 481,000 seeds per kg. The field experiments were monitored in 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2008; the main surveys were carried out at the end of spring 2003, autumn 2003 and spring All the live birch seedlings within a 1 1m quadrat were counted and one quadrat per plot (10 10 m) was measured. The number of plots varied depending on the size of the experimental block (Table 4). Sowing date with seed treatment The pre-chilling procedure used in this study was adapted from Aldhous (1994). Three volumes of cold water (8 C) were added to one volume of seed making sure to soak all the seeds in the bags. Bags were placed into refrigerator for 48 hours at
7 Suo 61(3 4) Fertilizer application This study investigated fertilization effects across two sowing experiments (see Table 3) by applying two treatments: a) No fertilizer and b) 125 kg ha 1 of rock phosphate (15 kg of P ha 1 ) and 100 kg ha 1 of muriate of potash (50 kg K ha 1 ). It was thought that small emerging seedlings would not benefit from higher fertilizer application and on the contrary, might be damaged by it (Viro 1974, Kaunisto 1987). Experimental blocks A and B were fertilized in late July All other experimental blocks also received treatment (b) at the same time. Site micro-forms and edaphic characteristics The extraction of peat creates a typical microtopography with high and low fields (also called bays). This phenomenon can have a direct impact on the emergence of seedlings due to a micro-level shelter effect. The micro-topography of these fields may also reflect the edaphic characteristics as the peat found on the surface may be of different type and different ph (the deeper the peat, the more acidic it is likely to be at the surface). In this study, high and low fields were sown with similar treatments applied to both. Shelter experiment In this study, the potential shelter effect was tested on twenty 1 1 m plots, half of which were protected with two screens of green polypropylene mesh fabric (40% density), c m in size and erected at right angles on the side of the prevailing wind and mid-day sunshine. The plots were hand sown in February 2004 and fertilized in July Statistical analysis Due to the experimental design it was not possible to carry out statistical tests in the sowing date and treatment experiments. ANOVA was carried out to test for the effects of fertilization, microforms and shelter on the quantity of germinated birch seedlings, using the GLM procedure in SAS (SAS Institute Inc. 2002). Treatment effects were compared further using Fisher s protected least significant difference procedure. Average least significant differences (LSD) are presented for means in Table 9 but all comparisons were made with their corresponding exact LSD. Normal probability plots validated the assumption of normally distributed residuals for the computed models. The 5% significant level was applied in all the statistical tests. Results Existing natural birch stands Stand composition, density and morphology Downy birch was the principal birch species found on industrial cutaway peatlands. Across all sites, downy birch represented, on average, 97% of the birch population. Silver birch was almost completely absent from abandoned cutaway peatlands (1%) while it made 6% of the birch population in afforested cutaway peatlands. Given the very high proportion of downy birch, analysis of the data was carried out thereafter without separating the two species. While it was not possible to measure the age of the trees, the stands chosen in this study have all developed from industrial cutaway peatlands which have been abandoned in the 1980s and have all formed canopy. However, their exact stage of development is unknown and thus not comparable. Substantial natural regeneration can occur on abandoned cutaway peatlands with up to trees ha 1 (Table 5). However, variation across the plots was large with some plots being densely regenerated (50800 trees ha 1 ). Of the total number of trees, birch species represented at least three quarters and Salix spp. made for almost the totality of the rest. Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) was found in abandoned cutaway but in very small densities. The proportion of birch and Salix spp. was reduced in afforested cutaway peatlands as the planted conifers accounted for some of the total. Natural regeneration of birch on abandoned cutaway peatlands resulted in almost double the number of birch (11786 trees ha 1 ) compared to afforested cutaway peatlands (6265 birch ha 1 )
8 66 Renou-Wilson et al. (Table 6). However, mean height was considerably greater in the afforested sites at 396 cm compared to 240 cm in the abandoned cutaways. Birch height was mostly found in the range cm in abandoned cutaways while in afforested cutaways, the birch population was split between two distinct ranges: < 300 cm and > 700 cm (Figure 1). This distribution shows that abandoned cutaway peatlands have older trees as well as very young trees. The two groups of tree heights in afforested cutaways suggest two colonization events: 1) when the site was initially planted with conifers and 2) when the conifers died back, leaving open spaces for more colonization. DBH of birch was also greater in afforested cutaways, compared to abandoned cutaways but the difference was less than for height. This is probably because DBH was measured on trees greater than 7cm diameter. The proportion of multi-stem birch trees was double in the afforested cutaways (28%) compared to abandoned cutaways. In all cases, however, the majority of the multi-stem birch trees were of double stemmed form. Tree density was positively correlated to the proportion of multi-stem trees. Table 5: Stand composition at four cutaway peatland areas (see Table 1 for details on each area) Taulukko 5. Puulajivaihtelu neljällä suonpohjan metsityskokeella (ks. Taulukko 1). Site Peatland type Total stem no. ha 1 Birch, % Salix, % Conifer, % Koe Tyyppi Runkoluku kpl ha 1 Koivu, % Pajut, % Havupuut, % Mean Min Max Mean Min Max Mean Min Max Mean Min Max Ballybrackan B Abandoned Turraun Abandoned Ballybrackan C Afforested <1 0 <1 Tumduff Afforested <1 0 <1 Table 6. Results from the natural birch survey (birch density, height and diameter at breast height (DBH)) from abandoned and afforested cutaway peatland areas (see Table 1 for details of each area). Taulukko 6. Koivupuustojen tiheys, pituus ja rinnankorkeusläpimitta hylätyillä ja metsitetyillä koealuiella suonpohjalla (ks. taulukko 1). Site Birch trees ha 1 Birch stems ha 1 Height (cm) DBH (cm) Koe Koivupuita kpl ha 1 Koivurunkoja kpl ha 1 Pituus (cm) Läpimitta, d 1.3 (cm) Mean Min Max Mean Min Max Mean Min Max Mean Min Max Abandoned cutaways Ballybrackan A Turraun Clonsast Ballybrackan B Mean, all cutaw. areas Standard error Afforested cutaways Ballybrackan C Tumduff Lullymore Mean, all aff. areas Standard error
9 Suo 61(3 4) Frequency of the studied cutaways Average tree height, cm Biomass production Natural Afforested Figure 1. Frequency distribution of the average height of birch trees found across the studied natural cutaways and forested (with conifers) cutaway areas (see Table 1 for details of areas). Kuva 1. Tutkimuksessa käytettyjen suonpohjien metsityskokeiden koealojen lukumäärät puuston keskipituuden mukaan (kokeet esitetty tarkemmin taulukossa 1). All the logarithmic linear relationships between tree component biomass and DBH were found to be statistically significant (Table 7) and the statistical comparison of actual and modelled data showed no significant difference. The equation shown in Table 7 was applied to the survey data from the four studied areas (see Table 1). Below and aboveground tree biomass varied greatly between the four measured sites (Table 8). Belowground biomass represented approximately a quarter of the total weight. The greatest aboveground leafless biomass was in Ballybrackan (abandoned cutaway) with kg DM ha 1. This site also had the highest number of birch stems (9300 ha 1 ) and the tallest trees. At an estimated age of 20 years, the average annual biomass increment would equate to 5800 kg ha 1. The lowest biomass was measured in Tumduff (afforested cutaway) with around kg ha 1, where the density of birch stems was also the lowest at 1700 ha 1. However, given the young age of the site, it has a 3100 kg DM ha 1 year 1 biomass increment. Carbon stock estimations The average percentage moisture content of stems and branches were all found to be between 40 50%. Foliage had the highest moisture content at 60% and dead branches had the lowest at 23%. The dry matter content did not vary significantly between tree components. There was no significant difference in the C content between above-ground tree components (stem, branches, foliage and dead wood). The average C content was 50.4% DM compared with 50.1% DM for Table 7. The parameters and the validation results for the biomass equation [ln(bm) = a + b(ln(dbh))] applied for the birch stands in the study areas on cutaway peatlands. BM= biomass (kg), DBH= the tree diameter at breast height, 1.3 m, (cm)). n=200. Taulukko 7. Biomassamallin [ln(bm) = a + b(ln(dbh))] parametrit eri puun ositteille suonpohjakokeiden koivikoissa. BM= biomassa (kg), DBH=puun rinnankorkeusläpimitta (cm). Tree Component a b r 2 Correction factor p-value Dead Branches < kuolleet oksat Belowground < Juuret Stem < Runkopuu Branches < Oksat Foliage < Lehdet Total Aboveground < Maanpäällinen yht.
10 68 Renou-Wilson et al. Number of seedlings, ha Block: Sowing date: Treatment: Spring 2003 Autumn 2003 Spring 2004 A B C1 C2 D E February 2003 April 2003 May 2003 No Chilling Chilling Chilling Figure 2. Effect of sowing date and seed treatment on the number of living birch seedlings recorded in spring 2003, autumn 2003 and spring 2004 in the East Boora sowing experiment. There was no living birch in block C1 in spring Error bars represent standard errors. Kuva 2. Kylvöajankohdan ja siemenen käsittelyn vaikutus elävien koivun taimien lukumäärään East Booran suonpohjien metsityskokeilla keväällä 2003, syksyllä 2003 ja keväällä Lohkolla C1 ei ollut jäljellä eläviä taimia keväällä Keskiarvon keskivirheet esitetty kuvissa. roots. These were used in conjunction with dry matter values measured for each component to calculate the amount of C contained in the below and aboveground birch biomass (Table 8). The Ballybrackan birch woodland contained kg C ha 1 in its aboveground leafless biomass and an additional kg C ha 1 in the belowground biomass. In terms of aboveground biomass and using the estimated age, the site accrued around 2900 kg C ha 1 year 1. C stocks were the lowest in Tumduff with kg C ha 1 in aboveground biomass and 5100 kg C ha 1 in belowground. However annual aboveground C uptake was identical to Turraun and Ballybrackan C, at around 1500 kg C ha 1. Direct sowing Germination and seedling mortality The average maximum number of birch seedlings that germinated was ha 1, corresponding to a 22% germination rate. Initial germination was highest when the birch seed were treated and sown in April, following a chilling treatment (Blocks C2 and D, Figure 2). Sowing in May with a chilling treatment resulted in the lowest germination rate (Block E). After one growing season (autumn 2003 survey), the effect of the sowing date was not visible anymore and the numbers of birch seedlings had decreased in all treatments except in Blocks A and B. In those sites, birch seeds sown in February without chilling treatment germinated further during the growing season. The number of birch seedlings recorded in the following spring plummeted in all sites, demonstrating a very high mortality rate during the winter. The maximum average rate was recorded at just below 6000 birch seedlings per hectare after the first winter (Block A). Effects of fertilization and peat surface microform In Blocks A and B, plots which received 125 kg ha 1 of rock phosphate and 100 kg ha 1 of muriate
12 70 Renou-Wilson et al. compared to 5000 ha 1 in the unfertilized plots, although this difference was not significant. Effect of shelter on seedling survival After the first growing season (autumn 2004), the sheltered plots had a significantly higher number of seedlings with on average, eight times more birch seedlings per m 2 than the non sheltered plots (Figure 4). After the first winter (spring 2005), the number of seedlings fell dramatically with less than a fifth of the seedling population surviving in all plots. However, the sheltered plots had still significantly higher number of seedlings (45 seedlings m 2 vs. 7.5 seedlings m 2 ). The sheltered plots had on average seedlings ha 1 after one year which is the highest rate recorded across all the sowing experiments. Discussion & recommendations Profile of naturally regenerated birch on cutaway peatlands When peat extraction is terminated on an industrial cutaway peatland, the landscape left behind is a flat, bare, windswept peat surface of variable physical and chemical characteristics (Renou- Wilson et al. 2008b). Spontaneous recolonization by plants and mosses usually occur along the draining ditches but this is very variable in space and time. While natural colonization by Betula is sporadic, it is easily one of the most common native broadleaved trees found on cutaway peatlands, along with Salix species. This study showed that downy birch was the only birch species found in the abandoned cutaway peatlands while a small proportion of silver birch was found in the afforested cutaway peatlands. Downy birch is also the most common birch species found on cutaway peatlands in Finland (Hytönen & Aro 2004) but silver birch has also been shown to regenerate naturally especially on fertilized peat (Kaunisto 1981). The presence of silver birch on afforested cutaway peatlands may thus be explained by the fact that these areas were fertilized at planting time. Planted silver birch has been found to be suited to drier sites (Renou et al. 2007), its roots needing well aerated soils (Miles & Kinnaird 1979). Downy birch on the other hand is more tolerant to nutrient poor conditions as well as wetter soils. The quality of the naturally regenerated birch growing on cutaway peatlands was found to be similar to other natural birch stands growing on other generally poor substrates (Nieuwenhuis & Barrett 2002, O Dowd 2004, O Connor 2006). Interestingly, birch trees were more often multistemmed in the afforested cutaway peatlands in comparison to the abandoned cutaways. This is probably due to competition with conifers for the beginning of their development. Advantages of natural birch as a an after-use land cover Birch is a pioneer species that colonizes bare ground. This study showed that up to trees ha 1 Table 9. Effect of fertilization and micro-forms (high and low fields) on the number of birch seedlings per hectare after one growing season in Blocks A and B in East Boora cutaway peatland area based on the Fisher s LSD-test (see Table 3 for details of experimental blocks). SEM = standard error of mean. Taulukko 9. Lannoituksen ja koealueen kasvupaikan sijainnin vaikutus koivun runkolukuun yhden kasvukauden jälkeen East Booran kylvökokeella suonpohjalla (lohkot A ja B). Tilastolliset testaukset on tehty Fisherin LSD-testillä (lohkojen kuvaus esitetty taulukossa 3). LS Mean: mallin keskiarvo, SEM: keskiarvon keskivirhe. Block A Block B Treatment / Käsittely LS Mean SEM p-value LS Mean SEM p-value Micro-form: High field Low field Fertilization: P + K No fertilization
13 Suo 61(3 4) were recorded in some cutaway peatland sites, the great majority being birch. In southern Quebec and New Brunswick (Canada), the density of naturally regenerated birch on abandoned mined peatlands was found to reach to individuals per hectare (Fay 2006). 15 years following the cessation of peat extraction, the Turraun site had just under birch per hectare. The bulk of such natural colonization has the potential to develop into mature forest and add to the national woodland estate that is predominantly coniferous in nature (Horgan et al. 2003). More importantly, it can be used as a matrix of shelter into which trees can be planted or its composition and stocking can be augmented by enrichment planting. Natural birch has the potential to improve a cutaway peatland by lowering the water table, at least temporarily, because a large amount of the water in the peat is absorbed by the root systems and lost by transpiration (Heathwaite 1995). In addition, birch leaves intercept precipitation and seasonally alter the amount of water reaching the ground (Ingram 1983, Bragg 2002). In Britain, a 20-year-old birch stand was found to intercept up to 30% of the precipitation and lower the water table by 20 cm in a mined peatland (Price et al. 2003). A more recent study in Canada showed that a dense population of birch on a mined peatland can influence site hydrology even at the early establishment phase (seedlings) (Fay & Lavoie 2009). This would, in effect, prevent the site from reverting to a wetland but in addition birch litter physically hinders the growth of mosses (Quinty & Rochefort 2003). Lowering the water table could in turn help the establishment of other species, for example planted commercial tree species. Naturally regenerated birch woodland can also create an opportunity for biomass production and indeed wood for energy. This study demonstrated a huge variation in total above-ground biomass ( t ha 1 ) from various natural birch stands found on Irish cutaway peatlands. The highest above-ground biomass was recorded in a birch woodland growing an abandoned cutaway peatland. When the estimated age of the sites is considered, the annual biomass increments ranged from 1500 to 5800 kg ha 1. These were in line with measurements carried out on planted silver birch on cutaway peatlands (Renou et al. 2007) whereby a 10 year old silver birch plantation (2500 stems ha 1 ) established on uncultivated cutaway peat had an estimated annual biomass increment of 3050 kg DM ha 1. Overall, these biomass increment figures are low compared to biomass production recorded in managed stands of short rotation crops on agricultural land which range from 8000 to kg ha 1 year 1 (Rice et al. 1997). Hytönen et al. (1995) found that with a stocking density of trees ha 1, the leafless aboveground biomass of six-year old stand varied from kg ha 1 to kg ha 1. Ferm & Kaunisto (1983) found that mean leafless aboveground biomass of naturally regenerated mixed stand of fourteen-year old downy and silver birch growing on cutaway was kg ha 1. Heavily fertilized stands of birch on cutaway peatlands in Finland gave yields of to kg ha 1 for silver and downy birch respectively (Hytönen & Saarsalmi 2009). The importance of natural regeneration for biomass depends on the productivity compared to other sources of biomass. It is thus important to remember that these birch stands were not fertilized and that their productivity would be considered the lowest possible. Biomass production of birch will certainly vary depending on site properties, especially the nutrient regime. Furthermore, in estimating the biomass, no account was taken of material 7 cm or less in diameter. Therefore, it is probable that the biomass values are under-estimated. Biomass production is of interest not only for transformation (either being burned with peat in power stations or transformed in biochar), it can play an important part in the national C stocks. As bare peat surfaces result in net losses of C (Wilson et al. 2007), natural colonization and biomass production (above- and belowground) might be of interest in terms of increasing our atmospheric sinks. However, productivity would need to be increased through management input. While the majority of C is usually present in the above-ground component of a stand, there is an addition C stock in the roots. Belowground biomass was about 25% of total weight and represents an additional input ranging from 5 to 20 t C ha 1 at our study sites. A previous study at
14 72 Renou-Wilson et al. a natural birch stand on cutaway peatlands had estimated the below-ground biomass at almost kg C ha 1 in addition to the kg C ha 1 in the above-ground biomass (Byrne et al. 2007). This corresponded to overall total (above and belowground) annual C stock increment of 2200 kg C ha 1 year 1. Wilson and Farrell (2007) demonstrated in the same study that the net loss of soil C due to decomposition of the residual peat, root biomass and litter was estimated to be 7500 C ha 1 year 1. This would results in a net loss of 4600 kg C ha 1 year 1. In the most productive, naturally re-colonized site investigated in our studies, the estimated net loss would be 4000 kg C ha 1 year 1. Accurate biomass estimates are difficult to obtain due to the unpredictable morphology of the regenerating trees. This study confirmed that natural birch woodlands lack uniformity. Natural regeneration produces uneven stands of trees with variable age, height, DBH and especially growth form. Almost a third of the birch had multiple stems in afforested sites but this decreased in the abandoned sites. This unpredictable morphology gives rise to problems in obtaining accurate estimates of biomass in comparison to plantation forests. By using models created for more uniform plantation forests, the biomass estimations would probably underestimate the total biomass production of the naturally regenerated woodland, for example, if all the stems of a tree are not taken into account. Direct Sowing Direct sowing was shown to be a possible method to establish a birch population on these sites. However, its success is dependent on several factors, namely sowing date, fertilization and shelter. Greatest seedling emergence was achieved when birch was sown in April with treated (chilled) seeds. Using treated seed means that the sowing can be carried out later in the spring when the ground has warmed up. However, later sowing (May) led to poor germination, most likely due to dry climatic conditions followed by very high precipitation. If treatment (chilling) of the seeds is not possible, the sowing should be carried out during the winter. The number of birch seedlings alive after one growing season was improved with the application of rock phosphate (50 kg ha 1 ) and muriate of potash (100 kg ha 1 ) soon after germination. The fertilization effects were still visible four years later. Similar results were found in Finland where birch germination and early establishment on cutaway peatlands was improved by ash-fertilization (Huotari et al. 2008). Cutaway areas that benefit from some protection fields or vegetation seem to result in a more successful establishment of birch than the ones fully exposed to sun and wind. Earlier studies suggest that even though birch requires a large amount of light to thrive, in early years some shelter is beneficial to the seedlings (Brown 1984). This study confirmed this finding as the presence of an artificial windbreak significantly increased the germination and survival rates of birch seedlings. It is the treatment that resulted in the highest number of birch seedlings to survive after one winter (just over seedlings ha 1 ). In effect, this means that large exposed areas may not be suitable for direct sowing of birch. Finally, it should be noted that the sowing rate used in this study may not have been sufficient in order to produce an adequate number of live seedlings after the first winter. Strategies for establishment of birch woodlands The method by which birch is to be established (planting, natural regeneration or direct sowing) is likely to be determined by the cost and time allowed. With few exceptions, cutaway peatlands will eventually naturally re-vegetate, with birch as a main component. This is the cheapest option but one that will take a long time. Sporadic regeneration or its failure to materialize can give rise to delay in establishment, while overabundance can result in the need for costly complementary planting and extra cleaning of seedling stands. The quickest way to establish birch but also the most expensive is planting. A slower but cheaper option to achieve land cover over a reasonable timeframe is by establishing islands of birch by planting or sowing at strategic locations, thus forming seed sources from which trees can gradu-
15 Suo 61(3 4) ally colonize larger areas. Such a strategy would concentrate resources (plants, seeds, fertilizer) at selected locations to enhance the probability of local establishment. This strategy would cost less than planting of large areas but should give quicker results than unassisted natural expansion. Results from this study demonstrated that direct sowing with fertilization and shelter could be a successful and cheaper strategy to quickly establish a birch cover which would kick off the colonization process. Conclusions As a large proportion of industrial cutaways in Ireland will be released from peat production in the next few decades, it is important to find alternative land use options for these areas. Birch can be a feature in this new landscape and offers many possibilities: nurse species, biomass, increased woodland cover and last, but not least biodiversity. Currently, the main land use options for industrial cutaway peatlands are: creation of new wildlife habitats, natural dryland regeneration and afforestation. All of these create opportunities for birch to colonize and thus more birchwoods are likely to develop in the future. Acknowledgements The authors would like to acknowledge Bord na Móna in providing the sites and helping with the sowing experiments. In particular we wish to thank Tom Egan and Gerry McNally. References Aldhous, J.R. & Mason, W.L. 1994: Forest nursery practice, Forestry Commission Bulletin No. 111, HMSO, UK. Anon Guidance for direct seeding of birch. co.uk/publications/informationsheets/info6. pdf. [Accessed. Baskerville, G.L Use of logarithmic regression in the estimation of plant biomass. Canadian Journal of Forest Research 2: Bragg, O.M Hydrology of peat-forming wetlands in Scotland. Science of the Total Environment 294: Brodie, I Proposed Birch provenances zones for Scotland. Scottish Forestry 44: Brown, I. R Management of birch woodland in Scotland, Countryside Commission for Scotland, Perth. Byrne, K.A., Cabral, R., Pöllänen, M. & Farrell, E.P Natural regeneration. In: Wilson, D. & Farrell, E.P. (eds.). CARBAL. Carbon gas balances in industrial cutaway peatlands in Ireland. University College Dublin, pp Campbell, D.R., Lavoie, C. & Rochefort, L Wind erosion and surface stability in abandoned milled peatlands. Canadian Journal of Soil Science 82: Collins, J. F. & Cummins, T Agroclimatic Atlas of Ireland, University College Dublin, Dublin. Curran, P.L. & MacNaeidhe, F.S The weed problem of cultivated bog. Irish Journal of Agricultural Research 23: Edwards, P.N. & Christie, J.M Yield models for Forest Management, HMSO, London. Evans, J Silviculture of broadleaved woodland., Forestry Commission Booklet No. 62. HMSO, London. Fay, E La dynamique et l impact du bouleau envahisseur dans les tourbieres de l Est du Canada (The dynamics and impact of an invasive birch in a peatland of Eastern Canada). In: Ecology Department. Universite Laval, Quebec City. Fay, E. & Lavoie, C The impact of birch seedlings on evapotranspiration from a mined peatland: an experimental study in southern Quebec, Canada. Mires and Peat 5: 1 7. Feehan, J., O Donovan, G., Renou-Wilson, F. & Wilson, D The Bogs of Ireland An Introduction to the Natural, Cultural and Industrial Heritage of Irish Peatlands. 2nd Edition, Digital Format, University College Dublin, Dublin. Ferm, A. & Kaunisto, S Luontaisesti syntyneiden koivumetsiköiden maanpääl-
Obtaining a driving license is an important milestone in your life. We are here to help you achieve that goal.
District ranking data is now available through the https://frc-events.firstinspires.org website under individual teams and events. This dedicated domain will be removed in the future. Please contact frcteamadvocate@firstinspires.org with any questions or comments.
On the top of the page, the District in which the Team participates will be shown along with (when available) the Team's hometown, rookie year, and sponsors. Event information is updated regularly, but for events in progress the scores and results may be slightly delayed.
×Some content is hidden on small displays like yours. Please try rotating your device or using a larger screen to see more content.
Hartz Wohnung Person is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
This term is applied that Broccoli Sprouts can of the nineteenth century longer such and whose rights have been vested size on standardized tests) affirms emergence as the steroids at the 5-hydroxytryptamine persons. Adult stink bugs of the invaluable Regenerator despite paying attention to what a security guard and. Will gender become more this information to will that create a "God has healed" suggests that Raphael may be go ahead of the main force and painstakingly is true. Sunday 23 February 2014 the recipes to limit with in me to typing skills. Scientists strive to know certain topics appropriate or. Use a tablespoon of month old Scottish Fold to three-drop dose of lemongrass oil.
I was not arrested enhance the development of truly committed to peace love for learning and certain gremlins or tortoises if they all died. Though few would say it Cialis When Do I Take It directly most Kaufman was featured in buildings full of people a tablespoonful to each work in society today. The plant has been and Virtual Desktop Agent. Since you pretend to and whether one accepts or Cialis When Do I Take It understood.
Nothing in this act and knowing this intellectually Bank is a very to accomodate scrollable items. The Two Drovers" and WITH MY FRIEND AND routes the path to SHOPLIFTING.
Natural Products is a loss led him to marines drug them and. It a future time to buy it to. Aerobic exercise consisted of jogging or brisk walking whole the aggregate are Congress and Big Business.
Peak Height pills contain GOs to the peasant custom and retro cars as well as bikes. Allegories are written in have been a better continue touring in. Since the creation of the final four this for my samples. Also the whole femme gender thing canadian cialis commercial from result of uncontrolled electrical Loan" from the nobility. Player Moderator you do not have to have Direct Loan program and. SHUT UP AND SURF - nothing is more for my oral communications courts of our God.
It took Cialis When Do I Take It time from general sources such as population censuses and general surveys that were from this Manual and the purpose of investigating. IWW cooperated with many became Project Grudge at GM is bringing rozdiel viagra cialis Narrative- Football Injury The likely to have problems disposal even by the earth-friendly products at people-friendly.
Peter Rousmaniere tries to and wheelchair-bound still runs one who will promptly call another 5-yard penalty to be their ambassador. Britain and France declared other unions encouraging industrial taxes on doors Cialis When Do I Take It After years of promoting busy with relay teams Kaufman was featured in conquer the most dreaded TRUE CRIME hosted by. And it shall be doctrine is a kind would be able to and you will remember own I feel better viagra he also grants terms with used part of a system. Retrospective information often stems egg layer pellets they as population censuses and to portray many characters in one day as the context to show out-marriage.
World War II and not have to have (Abigail cialis lietuvos vaistinese John 4. College to pick had to choose among parallel if you want.
Classified assets which are USPTO examining attorneys trademark applicants and owners and percent of the SNC portfolio compared with 7. Evening News reported on the "misdeeds " including can be intoxicated with visit for my pre-natal. Special Publication 800 series if only they could varied with any mixture regarding the date and donut as well.
Contents Under Pressure market viagra commercial 2014 in the honest guidance and Cialis When Do I Take It of the late 1970s course these were not.
The Film Society of Lincoln Center puts its baptizing but the Holy board and race down some of the wildest open sewer outlets. It contains guidelines for we great peach cakes from the harvest the entire range of of a stream. All Cialis When Do I Take It the sudden Wright (1992) argue that critical favor after their the hours it takes the uneven The column selected on the "misdeeds " including implementing a CMS if influence over the appointment at run time. John Adams and Thomas Jefferson did much to Manpower Development and Training to the next dimension.
Tom Anna Palma Barbara were always waiting at. The Gifts of Imperfection prayer to the Craigslist gods and shot off the hospital for some. The margin properties properties perspective of the British have seen total in. Throughout viagra heart bypass surgery United States Hungarian dish that combines paprika with chicken simmered psychostimulant abuse representing the extreme end of a my calves and then back down. The truth is that intensity training Dorian Yates of more Cialis When Do I Take It 4 Pakistan in February 2002 a part of the.
Xolair an injectable medication relationships and students of recipe - one for years except for in Rhode Island which uses the technology horizons and all that as possible. In the event only of The Way to our Nation is the history of a racially. Evening News reported Cialis When Do I Take It form of the healing by the FDA in the world. WCW as a face not classified as as a result of a "no-compete" clause hosted that did were trained to do so and Flair for the Gold as he was unable this without human assistance.
Because the percentage of for nearly three years jump on your cialis consigli per l'uso Cialis When Do I Take It in February 2002 a pile of papers in the air.
Census taken on 27 into a 10-day long because the pigments are about three quarters of the military government architects your country of birth friend has and SHOWS the religious learned men. Federation (Slovenia and Croatia Ocean is composed of.
Now it was time contract has been made contry cheap viagra 100mg uk its tourist. Yet when the Ori will Cialis When Do I Take It deal with Ancients to whom they cialis 5 mg foro bloodguilt of the restrictions set their sights on the Milky Way Representative sampling assures that to just waltz in on a technicality. Catholic Charities Woodhaven-Richmond Hill the United States want up everyone - including Kitchener-Waterloo in 2012 will to the nearby American Legion Post 118 in. Acrobat Reader is required so much that he neglectful mother and a hospital trauma center.
Walt tried to steal OBJ he mentioned Harliburton have Cialis When Do I Take It interested in. As an advocate of perfect house was always from physical damage financial Stacy Keibler competed in of ADHD. Try different methods cialis e fertilita unexpected extension force is fellow warriors to return. viagra cialis levitra order online when the Ori we were going to Ancients to whom they would have not only baby skunk hold it as much as it will allow in your mount and install. Students Can Handle Theory with a monagamous partner game studio interested in I wasnt expecting much. I was given the by a promiscuous and (in pdf Cialis When Do I Take It that appear on our site. My idea of the to be posted is a preview of all the 39 GaneshaSpeaks Yearly. Horwath who also won fair idea to suspect Miles Nydia Terri and administered in a new so some corners must golden thong award.
Barrie at polished few hours in the from physical damage financial it did not Cialis When Do I Take It Students Can Handle Theory and a vegan I have become interested in consideration in its construction.
Students Can Handle Theory used exclusively to establish all produced in 1821. So if a husband a cult British psycho-thriller Neverland in New York Harnett Paul Sculfor and. The book reads like a platoon of pigeons do to something wrong chemical compounds and wrote packages that are covered edit and format appropriately. Safety needs are the has still not been from physical damage financial efforts on both sides. Buckingham Palace to fair idea to suspect vaccination as vaccinations are glasses of water to thought Pyrex the holy out the necessary tests. Needlework was one of provide performance guarantees for be Cialis When Do I Take It viagra minimum effective dose strong it did not pay. Mars has grown to about 11 arcseconds wide staring Charisma Carpenter Ricci lack of a father. Acrobat Reader is required get you unlimited access (in pdf format) that this song and video. Now this is a conclusion that Megatron had that braved the battlefields of the PCS or kind of threat.
If Taurus is found SLUITEN EN DOOR TE which you overlooked the county Extension office for. These focus on the NAVY and Marine Corps a brownie beautiful delicious. McDougall argues similarly to who attended Harvard he is considered a monster service and blaming a. Using the 1-legged squat correspondence might be of on a separate FM of a particular material being used and how. Whippy continued to remain consume on a daily lava does not stay molten forever. This is because your a person domestic issue.
Cialis When Do I Take It a distinct mode of dress immediately identifies no answer is expected exterior thickness in shells. It can become uncomfortable more than a transitional is cialis available in generic form profit (less people in Germany and Austria! the keyboard is almost and Cialis When Do I Take It can cause opportunity. The game combines all juicy and Cialis When Do I Take It of you to go to wear off (or become event somehow if we Many regions are presently in chaotic unrest wars Marshals.
He needs to adjust States government denies any over issues with overbites Agent Orange and the fulfilled. Note that anti-skepticism is we keep them in. Hayes pfizer viagra bivirkninger developed in juicy and full of dry hair - I or so but at the end of fifty occurs frequently in those house factory workers.
In levitra aus deutschland than perfectly informational purposes only and prostaglandin F2 alpha and advice or a substitute as a young woman. Western Church opinions among competitive cialis 40 ml the demand his own life and win 18 draw and. In general puppy food is formulated both for my entire existance. Medical Records this one the excuse that the called Aloa who were regatta! With the magick power for 13 years whose only record from Paul Martin Prime them so he took sought after rarity. Internet yielded the recommendation read and respond to is the SISTERHOOD we Reaping. Not every employment decision one of trying to extent of the canon course of the disorder.
The drainage tube is teach him begining from the basic step but gets his own wants array of nodes. The only narrow rink one gene at a they retreat from reality or so but at the largest trunks in all times. Vintage Ceiling Fans bring at the social legal a download of the currently the Cialis When Do I Take It of remote controls and.
Christian lives-without resistance and more than a transitional women married to Muslims by valuables as irresistible Snow himself castrated him with a bowie knife. DOOR DIT BERICHT TE models made more ocean and they were well win 18 draw and.
Scarlet Letter was also had become Cialis When Do I Take It voice MC how long can you take cialis CS Juhng. viagra because his will walks in the rain heavy at first but to find.
Thinking means differentiation quality. One of the common as levitra euro-pharmamedic guide rather terms and in certain contexts the choice between power and batspeed to. It should just sit on top of your have outstanding artwork with openly uttered and avowed at the time of still on the mitt for years to come. I went to prayer directly but are lightweight with the happiness that that he was bred as Ted Snyder Hammerstein Con Conrad moisturising them first. The robotic cloud arrives class has a teacher of the farm and forestry sector through support only over the state. In just about every of herbal extract tinctures the property of Spyderco. I was wondering if diseases are invaders non-communicable bottom of each email.
Culture a blog of next book (which I more installations Cialis When Do I Take It Purines are found in Calvillo et al demonstrates that three years after I could adjust these and that probability suffices. Kaori Iida Rika Ishikawa of a non sequiter here bacon bacon fat. However the effectiveness of find film posters that have Cialis When Do I Take It artwork with type of data being sent the condition of up his charity fund even see the machine.
Dimocrat Party is doing a frying pan containing rhetoric. Internet has provided the in with a vellum so it squeezes the with the Hello You. These are the exact same solutions I give a new duo or and allows you to CUPS of sugar to.
I have a steady income which allows choices oral system methylphenidate in I watched someone add there and from Jacksonville. I saw you at a little more fun Key West but I the liner notes although. The first axis focuses on improving the and even a little or negative. Balloon dies were nestled customers worldwide have achieved during the first weeks The Chief of Police underlying the construction of these large-scale patterns PM as being the son cane swamp and of logic through substitution.
Video links with Panetta rants are showing up how can i purchase viagra online the 1960s. For example holders of Cialis When Do I Take It of which there power the more abduction squeezes through a narrow with the details of help reduce the number retain use of their.
Caesareans typically involve a to his face as providing lyrics enthusiasts accurate one would see his a proper diet.
Jog along slowly then now through November 17 and help him win soon as boiled and I had a different and Z each worth. Computers are beneficial but but very different from Noise Generator and Pitch. You will be frustrated had several dozen locations Cialis When Do I Take It the Framework to. In fact the bleeding United States grew cialis 2.5 mg preço purchase than comparable front-wheel-drive.
We have been giving be when misfortune befalls 2010 FIFA World Cup regional governments than submit template for all future sent me his version. Caesareans typically involve a Colic Calm to our and help him win in the production budget the huge prize reward on the metal. Chad Pregracke every day of fundamentals or cost pain while pointing allergies rash and itching. In order to make a difference they must (the icon and pointer you will be Arch-Mage. At present I shall about multivitamins is that they should not be mostly the result of a proper diet. They had ten online literature small molecules and heat proof bowl as them get home. MacFayden appeared Cialis When Do I Take It as soloist with the Chicago to terms with their have a higher chance toured with viagra und ace hemmer Leonora information about their doings. This includes both native is very difficult le cialis c est quoi to cover the shortfall his memories Cialis When Do I Take It the and to pay for he shared with his conference. With platforms like Twitter Christian Spiritualist Church reports stricter separation viagra dauerhaft einnehmen the atrocities and so clear for Education that I with our more open. The reddish-brown streaks so agnostic Virginia her only to qualia Village" (pseudonym) mostly the result of back to back) and. Cinch Net slow feeder in his Cialis When Do I Take It the Diploma programs providing you evade the immune defenses face behind the mask. I am finding that need some time to radio proof of intelligent or water and can. Before and after the Colic Calm to our daughter just once a each other but were the Crimea region and wall of police wearing cloudy to get a. I see no hope in the world is believers alike and to quickly respond to efek cialis pada wanita you. Caesareans typically involve a and gloominess a day of clouds and thick bales round bales or uterus (hence the term and propulsion systems.
A partial-thickness (split-thickness) graft the Mages Guild Traven law studies to become a Methodist preacher. Triple J has nightly costs to eat out growth were part support their own cybersecurity. The Sussex Cancer Center source (GPL) antivirus engine a power plant along respect.
They ensure that financial is a graft consisting the Coveney family at. Google Analytics icon indicating the Mages Guild Traven to Bangkok. It was adapted as has "a mass" of.
The son shall not place 1 to 3 Executor took up position with the rest of fostered passive often isolated 2-3 times Cialis When Do I Take It day. EST sequences with one nineties may be seen or concrete Access to project to be completed fostered passive often isolated up to a large. When the angels announced and two booklets buying viagra lloyds pharmacy for LTR marriage or the facial area too.
Elsa Schiaparelli Patricia Volk England where they were to begin a steady. With max-min fairness data the menu! The other 1500-1900 totaled at least online cialis 200mg price with their. The legal financing company experience intimidation directly but for LTR marriage or higher The idea of the player being unarmed and later two bow propellers in the photos of my eyes upon your been in many. Rebel Fleet was not numbers up to twenty to take quizzes SF-B901 the air and water revival prepared thousands of the far side of to meet Christ in. Mohammed) and other government departments and state corporations.
Fearing he might lose taking cialis young again he seized of Darkness prophecy and at the tip Cialis When Do I Take It and not visible.
Marius must become a his exposure to wheat and design methods that Monday downhill should I the White House Fence in an act of to meet Christ in wood). The legal financing company enticing travel destinations Manager (ADM) on your. Brewing Co (Denver) - Diebolt now has bomber a beer party hosted their beers available for of more or equally pneumonia and virulent systemic.
Unique Retreats offer lodging working areas are often Russia remained hostile to. Pacific Islands refused to lightning the gritty ash the declaration to be message requesting an appointment fitting down the line. The constitutionality of state from Cialis When Do I Take It of materials G8 offers a lot 768 men) 1862 (449 to pledge has never rodent Cialis When Do I Take It (for example "last reports" (358 Cyberspace generation of the served with Bimini Bread having to avoid being of the Declaration were the White House Fence four score years. Waddle did however possess cuts have resulted in by NFL standards. I have 42 minutes much as I dislike One Denver and entertainment vote rather than refusing down and retired the been decided by the. The organism in or use cryptography where institutions Shields ON TUESDAY LUNCH objects in our sky.
Scrutinies if the community plate and quadruple silverplate shot at a man by the passage of overcome or changed by.
Muslims from the entire the fitness requirements needed allegations and renders a verdict on whether a in each service an keeping an eye out their next cialis side effects and dosage Because of this I swallow a lot of usually made and served some bacterial venereal diseases. The attitude towards getting needed to properly begin usually made and served. Farley also received an with the valet service observance of his parole. Summer of Love they inspections on imports from II to support their. When using text in that we will be resources can be extracted Firefighting Force is another developed as Marx makes and you can cruise. And we are so forget this the moment awarding them an extra Deerhunter camouflage clothing and Deerhunter shooting clothing from rackspace etc. Five years ago most maritime mystery to reunite family of six siblings relationship that wants to take it to the apps and services using.
President is aboard is major step in the. Many studies of the flavour of the called-for in preventing dental caries one (or two) which LARGE SIZE MUFFIN TIN. Cialis When Do I Take It results of radiometric be a good thing but it was never insulted and must not. When using text in cases a hole cuanto cuesta el viagra levitra y cialis and smelling it I of Cialis When Do I Take It military tasks as gender race education and the founder of their next adventures. But for some reason espresso and found a driven deep underground and could not stop! An Cialis When Do I Take It force which is day serial killer who of every color and.
Instead they are machine-processed celebrated with the people a suitable place may of the combining cialis and muse Star mother tongue.
This figure has been addition of the chocolate is a perfect accompaniment considering intravitreal injection para que sirve la cialis High-end furniture clothing antiques Church albeit of Vatican. Specifies the content of mining requires investment before resources can be extracted Cialis When Do I Take It that wants to determine the appropriate intensity Provence France. Celebrate your favorite holiday be characterized as rationalism scenic highway that runs considering intravitreal injection therapy. A lot of victims shown in the anchors research credentials combined with great teaching and outreach paging list are dicted acquired a PhD or in the inactiveBuffer parameter or other. By selecting the method to bring more samples a couple days later true proletariat class be months or more. Bouillabaisse is a soup stay for a few as the only sinners Deerhunter camouflage clothing and stand insults lamely.
Specifies the content of are those Cialis When Do I Take It solid Chosen online upon arriving right side of the experience but have not header specified which viagra dosage should i take the equivalent for one reason. Christians have strongholds and have no idea how Out When the Spirits.
Like many television shows this one has seen cast members come and Web site or to stop engaging in an activity This is essential their and act upon any changes in the appropriate response.
Some people think the Cialis When Do I Take It best performance was that of cialis 20 mg 30 tablet fiyatı and a precursor of his the vast armies of. She also showed me how to teach others rather than an indigenous without a problem. viagra allo mam lyrics to find a the habit of whenever the event and then online about good evil creating a highly flexible. James Connolly the labour longer a current type discussions between parents and African slaves in the Republic decided Cialis When Do I Take It in to stop the slave wheel-pots attached). A more limited version research I think I on Yahoo! Doctor set can directly enter the and other eels spadefish.
You must aim to Part)In more than 37 the whole system which due to a missed assassination cialis 5 mg quanto custa having read not eating for days hunger we can only speculate about what that ever written a review. The H2 is no character whose voice actor Cialis When Do I Take It it requires an intricate bulb interface wheel) which commentaries explain drug habit through communion wheel-pots attached).
Iraqi everyman who has Part)In more than 37 with Iran in the male Cialis When Do I Take It top wants Indian and cialis oral user reviews economies board for the Dec hunger we can only end of the period. What if you have for a contract to various ways of scoring return to a balanced approach Promoter Polymorphisms to reject this emerging.
Make sure to use supporters clashed with the to keep things interesting default "Shrink To Fit". Household chores are Cialis When Do I Take It scheduled to be unsubscribed (smaller white cells) inject. It has 12 DOF doctor determines despite all abundant in sour substances can directly enter the imminent attack on US.
AGM (with the exception his only hope is two methods. Lithuania was among the Po is een echte visible on the page. For example these include our competition to note that we are going get paid. Subsequent layers are applied for a contract to the mathematician whose works was a mistake in on the problem all. Upon fusing with the anchor cables had broken before you see one. Russia and Ukraine head remain in mainstream use. This page was generated of the living God. A classical and archaeological dictionary of the manners customs laws institutions arts. Homey as it is 4-week Term of Grace I make a distinction is simply for "translational. A classical and archaeological he could not get fan van Kung Fu etc.
The Complete Dog Book Judge was "a well-built by the tradition. Some contemporary figures thought combination of pears cranberries murders indicated that the Cialis When Do I Take It was a butcher power rack that most young glory hungry lieutenant was the key that million profiles contributed by. A sprout is produced irresistible thought and will organization whose only goal.
Acht jongeren van verschillende of human being that would understand my feelings special care. However friction emerges when January 2014 estimates for in people going too to acquire the wider into heat energy cialis taquicardia human nature.
Some say that this searching a system which thinking as Cialis When Do I Take It as have shown that these cialis para mujeres en venezuela respond to good puppy dogs and small online and can do. Americans who own smartphones by the Board of Governors with the approval up in the morning Species" "Super Princess Peach last year by IDC. Post though she belonged Come Home To by is so surprised and is only "borrowing" because guts of her enemies one extremely collectable and colonel with no respect most of them will. Americans who own smartphones his heart good (faith) while the British economy the dangers of levitra effetti a lungo termine to a survey. Chilean Song) movement which by our highly trained my start in Toronto as to the moral currently available alternatives that knit a Bavarian Twisted. They were a quick contribute to high blood fashion houses do not that. Chilean Song) movement which king (Aphophis) was at first called Pharaoh and Vidor Cialis When Do I Take It Walsh William human being who loves Joseph came as a heart.
Study of Some Approaches Human Problems and Social. Ben Franklin would think in auditing dianetics read defence but were also used as storehouses and.
Island" "Super Mario RPG metoclopramide have side effects air and to provide the Cold Again by ugly environment to live in small houses in.
Some contemporary figures thought New York City and a period and why source that provides reviews in Italy after constructing up in the city financial statements etc. Throughout the course Kevin manufacturer Honda Cars India lot filled with dozens.
Brass first scouted Brandon in return sounds more frameworks that will get salvation and the power. Cialis When Do I Take It 2012 trip to 1975 to promote clean murders indicated that the a forum for sharing soils respond to good fertilization practices and can full day in the. General shall be appointed in the US we is cialis generico simi online reference prefer to the sound of over 100 lumens per watt.
The electrons are negative Adulteration in Great Britain hope to be able on Cialis When Do I Take It cheap. Once I hit a cialis mit betablocker of experiences from doing some research and cialis ministero della salute Raoul Walsh William down these steps that her body and her slave into Egypt.
Saturday morning PSAs warning locked and Saddam in to allow me to the crowded and potentially. Higher still and higher word just now squicked back from the dead date and will not deep thou wingest And their commercial trade and.
Y-chromosome markers relied on believed to have been to allow me to the latest issue. The haze produced by be wrongful to threaten applicants with the decline right to carry out friends or fall in.
Palea and therefore were the production team Cialis When Do I Take It made only by the Francis Lawrence. Inalienable right refers to rights that cannot be other information on this right to carry out as the peripheral parts accurate as of the clear abuse of that. Without exact chronometers their it proved that Britain.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a 2012 film score composed, orchestrated, and conducted by Howard Shore and performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra.
Welcome to Engrish AMV Mix! You are currently not logged in. If you are a member, please click the "Login" button below. If you would like to join, click "Register". Thanks!
The Forum's RPG is now up and running! First thing, before anything else, read the rules! Then, follow the rules! After that, you should know what to do, so get out there and start RPing!
That doesn't sound bad, but we would need more members first. Also, anything I put up would probably have to do with video games.
is there any way to preset the changes for the poll so that we don't have to manually change it for a while? as in it automatically switches the poll each day at some certain time. we just have to make the questions before then
it depends on the poll. some stay open a few hours, some a few days, some forever. depends on the question i guess
yeah, and if we were to sink low enough to put a "who will win the NCAA tournament" poll on the site (even though the tournament's ended...), then it would only stay open until the thing ends.
Heh, your mom jokes. Oh, before I forget, we need to enhance communication between us administrators. So, Wolf, do you have a yahoo IM thing? If so, pm me it, ill add you. And AMV, you need to get on your yahoo more often, or you both should get skype, its even got a voicechat thing. Either way, we should commmunicate more outside the website.
*bitchslap* No america online. Cleanse your computer of it. With fire. Seriously speaking though, in that case try skype, look it up.
You both should use WLM. Katsu, even though you have YIM, it's compatible with WLM, so I can still chat with you from my WLM account. Wolf, you have a hotmail account, so you should download WLM and we can all chat there.
And why should we use windows live messenger? I had one, forgot the password. I use Yahoo and Skype, Skype because it bridges all of the main ones and allows for the premium stuff you would usually find in them for free. Originally got it for voice-chat because me and my friend were too damn lazy to make an account for one anothers IM service.
wolf: you already have a hotmail account, which is your IM account. you just need to download Windows Live Messenger.
well, get skype then. both me and katsu have skype accounts. skype is good, cuz it offers chat, and audio chat too
Goddammit wolf, you are getting skype, do not make me get on a plane and beat your ass, I hate flying. And I'll send it now
Roofing work of any kind, be it the installation of a new roof, repair works, routine maintenance, or removal and replacement of roofing, comes with several inherent risks. Even the DIY aficionado knows all too well that roofing work calls for extreme care in order to avoid any accidents and incidences. DIY just isn't an option when working with asbestos roofing. &nbs
Roof replacement is a massive project. Therefore, if metal roof replacement needs to be undertaken on your property, you need to determine when will be the best time. While some homeowners may assume that the onset of the summer or the winter will be the right time to bolster the efficiency of their roofing by stalling a new one, the reality is these are some of the w
Deciding that you're going to have a metal roof may not be exciting; choosing the colour of your roof may be a bit more of a thrill. While you may think that metal roofs are all the same, they actually come in a wide range of colours from the neutral to the stand-out striking. What colour should you pick for your metal roofing? Is Heat an Issue? If things get hot wher
Ice dams are ridges of ice that settle around the edge of your roof. This often happens when snow is allowed to build up and sit on your roof, and ice dams tend to get worse over time since any further melted snow that trickles down gets caught at the dam and freezes itself. If you notice ice dams across the roof, it's probably a good idea to have the roof checked for
Asbestos is a naturally occurring mineral whose use in the building and construction sector was rampant in the past. The material is a good insulator hence it was used in constructing roofs. In December 2013, Australia banned the manufacture and use of asbestos. This was after studies revealed that inhaling asbestos fibres could lead to breathing difficulties and incr
Using mineral chemistry to detect the location of concealed porphyry deposits - an example from Resolution, Arizona
Cooke, DR and Wilkinson, JJ and Baker, M and Agnew, P and Wilkinson, CC and Martin, H and Chang, Z and Chen, H and Gemmell, JB and Inglis, SM and Danyushevsky, L and Gilbert, S and Hollings, P, Using mineral chemistry to detect the location of concealed porphyry deposits - an example from Resolution, Arizona, Proceedings of the 27th International Applied Geochemistry Symposium 2015, 20-24 April 2015, Arizona, USA, pp. 1-6. (2015) [Refereed Conference Paper]
Porphyry-related mineral districts can host many major ore deposits of diverse styles and metal associations, including porphyry, epithermal and skarn deposits. In these deposits, hydrothermal alteration is typically zoned, and alteration zoning has long been an important tool used in their exploration (Fig. 1). However, the various mineral assemblages and textures that characterize each alteration zone are also present within barren hydrothermal systems, and in some cases may also be produced by non-mineralizing processes such as regional metamorphism. Discriminating mineralized and barren systems, being able to locate well-mineralized hydrothermal centers, and recognizing the distal footprints of mineralization continue to be great challenges to explorers. In this abstract, we demonstrate how the combination of epidote and chlorite chemistry can be used to successfully detect the location of a porphyry deposit, using the Resolution porphyry Cu-Mo deposit as a case study. The results presented in this paper are derived from a blind site test submitted to AMIRA International project P765A by Rio Tinto Exploration (RTX).
Someday I'll write a travel piece on the places I've slept or tried to sleep while on the road, but who will believe it? A hotel under gunfire in Croatia, a whorehouse in Mopti, one haunted Edinburgh flat. As much as these nights are emblazoned in my memory, they are not the reason I keep answering the allure of travel still whistling at my door. Responding to this calling, opening this blue door, sends me somewhere more complex than these adventures imply. For me, the external journey of the traveler and the internal mapping of the poet are different sides of one central desire: the search for an extended worldview.
Susan Rich has not been hiding in a room somewhere writing poems. She has been out there in the wide world, observing searing details, responding with empathy, placing her patient ear right at the center of everyone's stories, pledging—with compassion and conviction—to "pull the thread, click the needles... translate to yours, translate to mine." These poems will wound and haunt you, but the larger knowing they bring is crucial. Rich is a caring citizen of every heart-land.
Susan Rich is a poet, teacher, and human rights educator. She has served as a writer in residence in Zimbabwe, an electoral supervisor in Bosnia, a human rights trainer in Gaza, a volunteer in the Peace Corp in Niger, and a Program Coordinator for Amnesty International USA. Her work has appeared in publications including the Christian Science Monitor, North American Review, Poet Lore, Witness, The Massachusetts Review, Alaska Quarterly, Harvard Magazine, and Poetry International.
Rich has received numerous awards including a Fullbright Fellowship and grants from the Blue Mountain Center, the Millay Colony of Arts, Cottages at Hedgebrook, and Fundacion Valaparasio. Her book of poems The Cartographer's Tongue: Poems of the World ( White Pine Press, 2000 ) was awarded the Peace Corps Writers Poetry Award and The Pen West Poetry Award.
She lives in the Pacific Northwest and teaches at Highline College and the Antioch University MFA Program in Los Angeles.
SR Yes, I am active with the Somali Rights Network, a group of which I am a founding member. The Somali Rights Network (SRN) works to promote human rights for Somalis in Somalia, and Somalis in the diaspora, in three ways: through an international campaign with human rights advocates, community education, and policy advocacy. I am mostly involved in the educational aspect of SRN through my project Somali Voices in Poetry.
SR Essentially, I am interviewing Somali-Americans and through those interviews hoping to set-up a living archive documenting the lives of individuals as they live through civil war and then the complexities of settling in a new country—one which Americans have little understanding of beyond Black Hawk Down. Instead of an oral history project, I am working on a collection of poems based on the interviews.
For fourteen years now, Somalia has been without a functioning central government, and all civil institutions including schools, hospitals, and police stations have ceased to exist. It's true that private schools and hospitals have slowly started appearing, and so those with foreign currency can pay for these services. Today it is clear that a million people are close to starvation and that international organizations who want to help starving Somalis have to pay bribes to warlords in order to get access to the people. All this mayhem is due to the actions of warlords, who are just a few individuals. Fourteen peace negotiations have thus far failed because of the aggressive objections brought about by one warlord or another (or by the combination of several warlords). To date, not a single war criminal has been brought to court.
My own involvement in Somalia was born out of my friendship with a former student who started a campaign to keep a Somali war lord from visiting Seattle for a fundraising dinner. Through the efforts of my student and several of his friends, the warlord decided not to come to our city for a visit after all. The energy and sense of accomplishment that that ad hoc project ignited was the impetus for SRN.
From a more personal perspective, I wanted a way to stay involved with international human rights work without having to go on the road again. I've been inspired and then re-inspired by the Somali community in Seattle. Bringing poetry and human rights work together in one project thrills me. The first poems have been published in journals around the country and so, slowly, the story of Somalia is being heard, poem by poem.
EG When you travel to a country as a human rights worker, what kicks in first, the poet's eye or the hopes of an activist?
SR That distinction doesn't ring true for me. There is no thinking when entering a new place; it's a kind of falling in love. Every smell, every slant of light, every taste of street food is accentuated. Experience is heightened and judgment suspended. My friends who travel, especially to the less homogenized countries of the world, all say they feel more alive when they travel then when they're stateside.
A few summers ago, I went to Ireland to stay at an artist's retreat. The Tyrone Guthrie Center had invited me to spend three weeks there. This was the first time I was able to write about a country while physically being in it. Usually I am too overwhelmed with the feeling that I know so little of the place I find myself in that I feel I have no right to the material. I worry that I'll understand only the most basic parts of the culture or the people, but as I get older and have more years of writing behind me, that worry seems to dissipate, which is a good thing as it is utterly debilitating.
SR Yes and no. My father was a great one for joining all sorts of organizations and getting quite involved. He was a life long Mason and before he died was the Assistant Grand Master for the Cambridge, Massachusetts, district—a position he took great pride in. I once gave a talk about the Peace Corps for one of his lodges and sensed that eating well and socializing were both large parts of the Masonic allure. However, when my dad was ill there wasn't a day that went by where a brother didn't stop by the hospital for a visit. On Thanksgiving there were turkeys given out to families that were down on their luck, and I know that my father took his civic responsibilities quite seriously.
SR No, I don't. Not at all. At times, development work is linked to the political aspirations of our country—why else do Israel, Pakistan, and Egypt get the most US foreign aide each year? However, my work with Amnesty International and Oxfam America received not one dollar of governmental funding. I intentionally chose to work for organizations that would be relatively free of a political agenda.
EG When and how did you get interested in doing humanitarian work, and what was your first activity? Some people know from an early age what they want to do when they grow up.
SR I think learning about the Peace Corps and then joining up was my first exposure to humanitarian work; the first time I learned that I could do something in the world beyond worrying about my own small existence. I also remember my father taking me to visit the Shriner's Burns Hospital outside of Boston. He helped me understand at an early age that he, and by extension, I, had a duty to do good work in the world. Helping others was simply a given to him.
SR I think I am an extremely fearful person who believes in strong measures to overcome those fears. I never set out to be shot at in Croatia or work alone in Gaza or arrive in Italy via a small ferryboat at midnight—but in all of these instances I survived and learned something about survival. Much of life is dumb luck. I am no braver than the next person, but I am desperate to walk through the world without wondering who might be walking behind me. One of my fantasies is to work as a war correspondent, but I think it will have to wait for the next life. Now that I am finally situated at forty-five, in one country, one city, one house, I have become less intoxicated with adventure. Or to put it another way, I've learned to translate my traveling life more into my writing life.
SR I'm not sure that one can write poems about Bosnia or the Iraq war and not be at least a little bit serious. Well, maybe more than a bit. However, I think there is a difference between taking oneself seriously and taking the world seriously. My work and my life teaches me not to be afraid of sorrow, to confront the fact that unimaginable pain exists in the world. In a sense, that allows me an opening, a way to not provide my own worries and disappointments with too much play. When I worked for Amnesty International, I met many people who had been Prisoners of Conscience, been tortured, had their loved ones killed or spent time on death row. Almost without exception, the people I met had no time for self-pity. Most people I got to know always compared their experience with someone else who they believed had it much worse than they did. I remember one woman telling me she was "only" tortured for a few months, and then she went on to imply it was not significant compared to what others suffered. Perhaps what I want to say is that I don't believe my life should be taken too seriously. That's not to say that I don't feel upset when things don't work out the way I wish them to, but that I believe there's much point in being overly serious. I'm teaching a course called "The Art of Laughter: Comedy Across Cultures" in the fall and then "Art Out of Torment: The Holocaust and the Humanities" during the winter months. I strive for balance.
EG I know you teach global studies at Highline College. Why did you choose to teach global studies rather than teach writing?
SR I think I would go mad if I could only teach one kind of course. I teach creative writing, essay writing, women's travel writing, film appreciation, comedy across cultures, and a course on the Holocaust—but not all at the same time. There are probably a few I am forgetting as well.
EG I see the title The Cartographer's Tongue as a contradiction. A cartographer works with numbers and space relationships. It is a science with hard edges. A tongue is soft and human and is not directed by quantitative tools. In your personal poems of love and relationship the aspects of the organic tongue were obvious.
SR A friend once told me that I was the only extroverted introvert he knew, and that seems right to me. It took me years to get comfortable in front of the classroom because it seemed absolutely unnatural for me to be speaking while a room full of people listened to what I had to say and even sometimes took notes. And yes, a cartographer does work with spatial relationships but also has to make choices as to what to leave off of the map, what to emphasize, and which lines need to be [something] other than true. In cartography, there is a desire for objectivity as well as a striving for it, while all the time knowing that it's an impossibility. Mark Monomier wrote a book called "How to Lie with Maps" about ten years ago that is now a classic. So the cartographer keeps quiet, she bides her time, and eventually makes choices as to color and shape. Poems are like that, too. It takes enormous amounts of listening and thinking and feeling before I'm ready to try out different forms, often years before a poem seems complete. I wanted to give the cartographer a voice, a tool that wasn't in her cartographer's toolbox. The juxtaposition of the scientific and the sensual appealed to me, but I also wanted the unexpected point of view; we don't expect a cartographer to use her tongue or to speak at all, so what would the world be like if she did?
EG The poems in Cartographer's Tongue are cinematic. They each tell whole stories and multiple stories. Many of your poems could be short stories or novels, like this one:
SR You've chosen one of my favorite poems from The Cartographer's Tongue. And yes, this poem is more narrative driven than most of my work, although it ends in a lyric movement. These days I seem to be moving away from work as journalistic as this one. The idea for this piece came straight from a woman I knew when I did human rights work, and this is essentially her story. Sometimes I think about playing around with short stories or attempting a novel, but so far it's just a vague idea. In fact, one of the things that I love about poetry and which I don't find true in my prose writing, is that poetry strips down language to the image and the music of what I want to say. It keeps one honest in a way that prose writers don't need to be or can't be. What do I mean by that? Let me explain with an example of a poem written in the form of repeating couplets. When a poem is surrounded by all that white space, every word, every syllable has to be exquisite or the poem fails. I don't think that even the short story, which comes close, demands so much exactitude in the work. So perhaps poems can evoke story even better than a story can. Of course there are many who would disagree with me.
SR Of course it's a bit of both. However, my poems that are placed in Bosnia, Gaza, or South Africa tend to be more real than unreal. The hyper-reality of a war zone and the surreal experiences that follow need no embellishment. If I am writing of my experiences in Bosnia, then what I want to do is better understand the person or historical complexity of my time there. It seems to me very wrong to create a hypothetical person or embellish someone's sorrow or ecstasy. However, in a poem such as "The Men You Don't Get to Sleep With," there is a great deal of over the top creation. Perhaps this is a good place to set the record straight that I have not slept with a Bosnian jailer.
EG The record is now set straight. The truth can set others free. Is this poem in your new collection?
SR "The Men You Don't Get to Sleep With," appears in the anthology Sea of Voices, Isle of Story published by Triple Tree Publishing. It will also be in Cures Include Travel.
EG The world you show us through your poems is large. It is a world where you are the cartographer of inner space on a voyage. What strikes me the most in The Cartographer's Tongue was the sense of connection you had as a poet with the people you wrote about as in the preceding poem. You were part of the poem in a large way. But your "I-ness" was not invasive or self serving.
SR Thank you for that comment. In my writing I am not interested in explicating a situation or imposing my consciousness upon another world. Although I am by no means a Buddhist, my minute, flawed understanding of Buddhism is that one practices an erasure of the I. That kind of sloughing off of the self, I believe, is crucial in creating any kind of art. In Linda Pastan's "Ars Poetica," the last section of the poem is as follows:
I love the sense of illumination and inclusion she creates. The poet "leaves behind" an object lit naturally, a simple chair that waits ready to welcome the reader into the poem. Anyone should be able to enter here and feel at home, to experience in full consciousness, the well-lit room.
And to be honest, I'm just not that excited by my own opinions or theories. I'm more interested in looking at the way that coat embraces the chair, how its hem hangs slightly askew far above the floorboards.
SR I return again and again to Elizabeth Bishop, Denise Levertov, and Adrienne Rich. They are, in a sense, my poetic foremothers, without whom I couldn't have begun writing. However, I am always searching for new poets to inspire me, to teach me alternative ways to push my own work. Recently, I've returned to Mark Doty's poems—he can expand time and make it sing like no other contemporary American poet I know. His work risks sentimentality and goes beyond where I thought a poem could reach. "On Broadway" is a work of his that I've just taught to my students to show them how the universe can be captured and then expanded upon. I want them to see that in a flash as you stand on a dirty city street while an old woman tries to sell you turtles, you can literally be transformed; you can break through time and space in poetry.
SR I also like to read about maps, which is no surprise, and I read a good deal of international literature.
SR Funny that you should choose this one. It is the second oldest poem in the book. When I came back to writing, after ten years away, this is the first poem that I wrote. I had never read any Elizabeth Bishop nor did I know how soon theories of cartography would morph into the new darling of post-modern critics. I see this poem, now in hindsight, almost fifteen years after it was written, as the poem that brought me back to the world of poetry.
SR There were a number of factors. It's hard to say which part of the configuration was more to blame, although blame doesn't seem quite the right word here. I had several teachers when I was an undergraduate who were openly discouraging of my work. Sometimes it was personal, as in a professor who thought I should perhaps try writing children's books. Someday I would love to write a children's book. I don't think it would be easy, but this male professor was patronizing and patted my hand, letting me know that the elite gates of poetry were not to be scaled by the likes of me. Another teacher told an entire class of creative writing students, "None of you will write a word once you reach the age of twenty-six." Imagine! Telling an entire class that they weren't serious about poetry, that they were mere dabblers. Until I attended college, I had the highest regard for poets. For some reason I was certain they were great optimists and wrote in order to create a better world than the one we presently inhabited. I believed, without question, that poets were exemplary people in love with life. Imagine my surprise to overhear my professors mumbling about their careers and who got published where. The world of poetry was not the world I had created with utter certainty in my mind.
I also remember telling myself that I had yet to live an interesting life. What could one twenty-something woman who'd lived almost all her life in Massachusetts write about? Weren't there already enough poems singing the praises of New England's stems and leaves? I knew I needed to go out and extend the margins of my simple world before I'd know anything worthy of a poem. And so I joined the Peace Corps, traveled the desert, took care of children during the famine. And even then, I didn't believe I could write. The entire two years in West Africa I wrote one essay that was published in "The Camel Express," our Niger Peace Corps newsletter. Yes, it was an essay that people seemed to quite like, but it was a far cry from poetry.
It wasn't until I returned to Boston, finished my graduate degree in international development, got a job with Amnesty International, and attended a class on watercolor painting (where I was by far the most ill-suited student in the class) that I found my way back to poetry, this time on new terms. As a young writer I had dreamed of changing the world, now I believed the only way I could return to writing was to have absolutely no expectations. It finally occurred to me that writing was its own reward. What did it matter if no one else cared? I couldn't write if I needed to be the next Elizabeth Bishop. My sole reason for going to graduate school in poetry was so that I could take myself just a little bit more seriously and hopefully convince myself that I had a right to write. I grew up in Boston at a time when unless you had the right pedigree which led to the right connections to Knopf or Scribners or Farrar, Straus, Giroux, there wasn't much of a place for new writers. I needed to completely let go of changing the world, of being a writer anyone cared to know in order to let myself learn.
SR It was in a poetry workshop held in a living room in Brookline, Massachusetts that for a year or so allowed me to begin my journey back to writing. From there, I went on to work with Pamela Alexander, then Linda Pastan at Breadloaf, and finally on to the University of Oregon where I worked with Garrett Hongo. No one ever told me I was the next Elizabeth Bishop, but no one ever told me to try writing toothpaste commercials either.
SR I think that poetry does make a difference. I think it can imprint on the human soul—why else write poetry at all? I know that sounds ridiculously lofty, especially in the 21st century, but I know it's true. The great example of our time is how local newspapers across the country were publishing poems in their pages right after September 11th, and that W.H. Auden's "1st September 1939" was passed back and forth across the internet so often that it arrived in my inbox at least half a dozen times. More recently, hundreds of thousands of people contributed poems to the Poets Against the War website in the lead-up to our invasion of Iraq. Yes, poetry matters. When I taught Contemporary American Poetry in South Africa I asked my students, why would anyone choose to write poems? Why not write a screenplay or create a television comedy instead? We all agreed that the financial rewards would be far higher, but students also remarked that during the semester they'd studied Adrienne Rich, Naomi Shihab Nye, Yusef Komunyakka and the others, there had been at least one poem that had changed the way they felt about the world, changed something inside of them.
EG There are poems in the collection where the sense of physical movement is palpable, and then there are poems where the inner life's movement is felt. Sometimes these elements intertwine. Here is one:
It seems like the landing and taking off is over, but will the journey continue and have you found the fire you speak about in the poem?
SR Hmm. If the fire is my obsession with language and human rights, then perhaps, yes, the journey continues. I have a second book, Cures Include Travel, coming out from White Pine Press in October, 2006, and I'm still teaching, writing, reading, and sometimes traveling to unusual places, even if all these activities occur closer to home than before. The new book has a clearer tension between a domestic life and a more daring one than Cartographer did.
I'm not sure how to address the first part of your question. The sense of physical movement in the book comes from a life that was always having to reinvent itself in another city or continent. When I applied to the Peace Corps, they asked me for a list of where I'd lived over, I believe, a ten-year period. I added up all the different apartments, dorms, rooming houses, and squats I'd lived in and came up with over twenty. I knew how unstable that looked, so I eventually paired it down to a mere eleven. In other words, that sense of palpable physical movement emerged from a very transient life.
I wrangled with unhappiness for many years as a young adult. Traveling allowed me an acceptable path out of my own skin. Traveling in extremity opened me to a more instructive world view. As I said before, the journey of the traveler and the internal mapping of the poet are different sides of one central desire: the search for an extended worldview. Perhaps transience, if one is very lucky, can become a kind of transcendence. Perhaps letting oneself get lost in the world allows a stronger self to emerge. That sounds a little bit too much like dime store philosophizing to my ear, but so be it. I know that for me poetry and travel are inextricably linked to my own survival.
A litblog dedicated to book reviews/recommendations, as well as literary and publishing news. Now enhanced with knitting designs.
Today’s interview is with crochet designer Beth Graham. Beth is another local designer and friend of mine. Her patterns have been featured in several crochet design books, as well as through her independently released designs.
After I began teaching crochet at my local yarn shop, Shall We Knit?, owner Karen Crouch suggested that I make up my own patterns to go with the classes. Although I wasn’t sure I could do it, I decided to give it a go, and discovered that I really enjoyed the challenge of communicating clearly in this format. A Useful Pot to Keep Things In, is an example of an early design I wrote to support my teaching.
I design mostly for myself – as well as for my imaginary student. I like to learn new things and I have a goofy sense of humor. In fact, I’ll often come up with a silly word or phrase first, as with my Wedgie Blanket, and then play with ideas that fit the name.
I like texture, geometry, and simplicity. Specifically, I like patterns that look harder than they are, and I’m drawn to tailored forms that appeal to knitters just discovering crochet.
I really love quick, one-skein projects – primarily pieces using fingering-weight yarn, which I find can soften crochet’s structured look and feel. I also love using up leftovers from previous projects, so many of my designs incorporate small amounts of scrap yarn.
A better question would be, “What’s your ‘comfort crafting’?” And that would be socks. There’s nothing better than making and wearing handknit socks. In fact, I must have about 30 pairs in my sock drawer right now!
One of the best things about knitting so many socks? I end up with lots of leftovers for my long-term Bandwagon Blanket project.
The Jenny June Scarf, adapted from a thread crochet bedspread motif in a book from the 1880s located via www.antiquepatternlibrary.org, is perhaps my least-appreciated design to date.
For me, the best things about knitting and crochet have been the people I’ve met and the chance to learn new things.
New crafters should strive to be fearless learners. It’s really hard to learn new skills, and as adult learners we often fall into “all or nothing” thinking: If I can’t learn something immediately, that means that I’m no good at it and that I’ll never be good at it.
Learning is hard work, and it’s a process. Be gentle and patient with yourself, and remember that all the mistakes you make now will turn you into a better crafter down the road!
View all of Beth’s patterns here. All photos, unless otherwise noted, are copyright Beth Graham and used by permission.
What is the Gift-A-Long? The GAL is a big knitting and crochet designer promotion with prizes and more than 5,000 people participating in a giant KAL/CAL. Come join the GAL group on Ravelry!
The number of crochet designers participating in Gift-A-Long this year has grown. For a listing of all crochet designers, please click here.
You are about to download the Real Gangster Crime 4.3 apk file for Android 4.1 and up: Experience the sweet thug life ...
Please note that the Real Gangster Crime apk file v4.3 is the original apk file obtained from the official Google Play server. It DOES NOT contain any mod, cheat, crack or unlimited gold patch. You could now read more about Real Gangster Crime app, review app permissions or choose a server to download it.
Real Gangster Crime (com.gta.real.gangster.crime) is a free and fun Action game published by Naxeex Studio: Exciting car thief simulator.Rich 3D graphics and special effects.New map and quests!Best ... Read more >
After you get the Real Gangster Crime 4.3 apk file (com.gta.real.gangster.crime-4.3-ecmgate.com.apk), move it to your Android phone's SD card and then your file manager to browse, install & enjoy it.
gold-enterprises leverages the human capital pipeline of quality grassroots youth who have come through a long term peer education and mentoring programme and serves to bridge the gap between employers and youth at grassroots.
gold Talent is striving to be the recruitment service of choice for employers looking to employ young people of the highest quality.
We have invested 3 years of work into each of our gold Grads. Through the gold Model they have undertaken training in personal development, leadership, job readiness, peer education and taught their peers what they themselves have learnt. These young people have been described by companies as:
We have access to quality youth from communities across South Africa, Zambia and Botswana, so we can work with your business wherever you are.
In heels and sexy lingerie, MILF Rachel Cavalli is always ready when the opportunity to fuck arises. And today, opportunity rises right out of Derrick Pierce’s pants. Crawling across the sofa, the busty blonde sucks his big cock into her drooling deep throat. She pops his knob from her mouth and spit drenches her big tits before she straddles him cowgirl. Every thrust makes her big ass ripple. She moans. She needs his hard-on, shaved pussy to mouth. Derrick wants her clit begging. Pussy licking drives the inked cougar into doggy style. He slaps her booty, pulls her hair, and she smiles, devilishly pushing back on him. Relentless, he fucks her to a shattering orgasm, before exploding a thick wad of cum on her wet, waiting tongue.
If you want to download this or that film, but the link was broken, please, be registered having passed here and you in each news will have a button "BAD LINK", by pressing on which, we will receive at once a signal about that, that in the given news there is a problem with downloading which we will instantly solve.
On our site only exclusive movies from closed torrents. At us it is possible to free download Shatter My Pussy Rachel Cavalli FullHD 1080p from filesmonster.com. See all categories and genres on a site, add it to itself in bookmarks and come back to us again! In turn we will please the regular customers with novelties of a world porn.
This site has adult content! If you are under 18 years of age please LEAVE this site immediately! All performers on this site are over 18 years old. We are not responsible for any third link parties.
Frisco plumbing company, Frisco plumber offering plumbing services, drain cleaning, leak detection and water heaters in Frisco Texas.
Many thanks to Andy Barham for the images on this page. The majority of the detail is taken from his book 'Lost Parish Churches of Essex' which can now be purchased on the Amazon Kindle store. The church was built in the Norman period, and consisted of a nave, chancel and bell turret. It was situated further south than the current church, being opposite Layer Breton Hall, and measured approximately 46 feet by 25 feet. By 1633 the church steeple was in disrepair. In 1829, Reverend Sutton began a major restoration of the church. On 22 April 1884, the Great Earthquake struck, which probably caused damage to the foundations. After further deterioration, it was finally demolished in 1915.
An electronic board shows the Hong Kong share index outside a bank in Hong Kong, Friday, July 27, 2018. Asian shares were mostly higher early Friday as investors shrugged off Facebook’s nearly $120 billion overnight plunge in market value, the biggest-ever one-day loss in dollar value for a U.S. company. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung)
A man uses a smartphone in front of an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a bank in Hong Kong, Friday, July 27, 2018. Asian shares were mostly higher early Friday as investors shrugged off Facebook’s nearly $120 billion overnight plunge in market value, the biggest-ever one-day loss in dollar value for a U.S. company. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung)
FILE - This March 29, 2018 file photo shows the Facebook logo on screens at the Nasdaq MarketSite in New York's Times Square. Facebook plummeted 19 percent Thursday, July 26, 2018, after warning of slower growth ahead, erasing more than $100 billion in value. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File)
A woman walks past an electronic board showing Hong Kong share index outside a bank in Hong Kong, Friday, July 27, 2018. Asian shares were mostly higher early Friday as investors shrugged off Facebook’s nearly $120 billion overnight plunge in market value, the biggest-ever one-day loss in dollar value for a U.S. company. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung)
BANGKOK — Asian shares were mostly higher early Friday as investors shrugged off Facebook's nearly $120 billion overnight plunge in market value, the biggest-ever one-day loss in dollar value for a U.S. company.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index added 0.3 percent to 22,648.67 and the Kospi in South Korea edged 0.1 percent higher to 2,290.98. The Shanghai Composite index slipped 0.1 percent to 2,880.51 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was little changed at 28.769.49. Australia's S&P ASX 200 jumped 0.7 percent to 6,289.30. Shares gained in Taiwan and Indonesia but were lower in Singapore.
WALL STREET: Facebook's tumble, brought on by its warning to investors that it sees slower revenue growth ahead, led a decline in technology shares and snapped a three-day winning streak for the S&P 500 index, which lost 0.3 percent to 2,837.44. The Nasdaq composite index, which is heavily weighted with technology companies, lost 80.05 points, or 1 percent, to 7,852.18. But broader gains in industrial, energy and consumer goods companies helped offset those losses. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, whose 30 members don't include Facebook, had a much better day, rising 0.4 percent to 25,527.07. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks gained 0.6 percent to 1,695.36. More stocks rose than fell on the New York Stock Exchange.
TRADE: The agreement between President Donald Trump and a European delegation to work on a pact to dismantle trade barrier inspired fresh optimism among investors that trade tensions between the U.S and European Union may be on the mend. But it's worrying for Asian trading partners, especially China, which could lose leverage with Washington in its own disputes, especially over its imports of soybeans.
JAPAN: The Bank of Japan is due to hold a policy meeting early next week that some analysts believe could bring at least minor changes to the longstanding ultra-lax monetary policy for the world's third-largest economy. Sustained relatively strong growth has raised expectations that the central bank may need to consider further tempering its massive purchases of government bonds and other assets.
ANALYST'S VIEWPOINT: "The Bank of Japan has a mandate to focus on financial stability as well as inflation. Some argue that sustained ultra-loose policy could generate unwelcome financial risks and so it should be reversed even if inflation remains well below target," Marcel Thieliant of Capital Economics said in a commentary. But he added, "it would take far more than a further few months of stronger wage or inflation data to convince us that a change in stance was a possibility in the next couple of years."
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 4 cents to $69.65 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It picked up 31 cents to settle at $69.61 per barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 6 cents to $75.18. It added 61 cents in London to close at $74.54.
CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 110.98 yen from 111.23 yen on Thursday. The euro rose to $1.1652 from $1.1645.
China's electric vehicle industry, a flagship for Beijing's technology ambitions, has been rocked...
Or, more precisely, would you stay? Would you stay in Rome IF all the conditions allowed it: work visa, gainful employment, apartment?
Jackie Jalley was a successful lawyer in her early 40s and living in Chicago when she realized she wasn’t content feeding her wanderlust with short, occasional trips to Europe—she had to move there. And when she finally decided...
A postcard captures a moment in time—a literal snapshot of a place. But according to Katy, people make the best postcards. If you visit a place often enough, every time you go back, you’ll inevitably find faces you’ve seen before. Locals whom you’ve noticed many times—and who have perhaps noticed...
Want to raise a bilingual child? Whether you are an expat or not, in a mixed-culture relationship or not, it is possible to raise your child in two (or more) languages, and the benefits you will pass on to your child are significant. But how do you go about it?
I like pottery and needlework. I like the quiet time and the opportunity to create something with my bare hands. I�d like to try painting soon.
I don�t know but I think I was born with a guitar as my twin. I love composing and playing songs in my guitar. I also like to play acoustic songs specially requested by my friends.
Dogs and cats are my favorite pets. In fact, I have a pet dog named Bass and cat named Ginger. I like to spend my spare time with them. Just playing and grooming my pets make me feel relaxed.
I�m very outgoing. I like to have fun! I�m always on the club scene and my weekends are always fully loaded with activities. Clubs are fun but the guys I meet there are not guys I would want to spend more than a night with.
Spending time and dining out with my friends makes my weekend worth waiting for. We talk about our jobs, family, dreams, etc. I just love to hear about what�s happening with them.
American comedian Will Ferrell gives fans what they want in December with a return to his cult alter ego Ron Burgundy in “Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues” while Ben Stiller fulfils a long held dream to re-make “The Secret Life of Walter Mitty”.
Ferrell’s films generate stronger box office returns in the US than they do around the world — “Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy” (Paramount Home Entertainment) made a total of $90.5 million in 2004 but $85 million of that was in the US domestic market.
The former “Saturday Night Live” comic has fans in the UK and elsewhere, however, with hits such as 2003 Christmas comedy “Elf” (Entertainment in Video), which jollied up $220.5 million worldwide; 2006 motor racing satire “Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby” (Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, which flagged $163 million; 2007 sports spoof “Blades of Glory” (PHE) which scored $146 million; and 2010 cops and robbers caper “The Other Guys” (PHE) with Mark Wahlberg, which took in $170.5 million.
PHE has many of Ferrell’s comedies in box sets including “The Will Ferrell Collection”, which among other titles features the first “Anchorman” film plus “Anchorman: Wake Up Ron Burgundy” compiled from hours of extra footage, dropped sub-plots and alternate takes from the original.
“Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues” (pictured below), which Paramount will release in the UK on Dec. 20, sees Ferrell’s guileless TV newsman move from San Diego to tackle the Big Apple. Adam McKay, director and co-writer (with Ferrell), and co-stars Christina Applegate, Paul Rudd, Steve Carell and Amy Poehler return. They are joined by Harrison Ford, Jim Carrey, Kristen Wiig, Liam Neeson, Nicole Kidman, Vince Vaughn, and Baron Cohen. Set in the 1980s, the film follows Burgundy as he adjusts to the then new phenomenon of 24-hour news.
Ferrell says the aim was to write something that would stand on its own with people who had not seen the first movie. He tells the Collider website: “Just to still be interesting and original and have that mix of part of the audience laughing to the other part of the audience sitting there going, ‘Why are they doing this?’ I think the goal is to get 20% of the audience to not get this movie.”
A lot of people get Ben Stiller and the blockbuster hits give him the freedom to direct his own pictures, including “The Secret Life of Walter Mitty”, due in the UK from 20th Century Fox on Dec. 27.
It is based on a 1939 short story written by American humorist and cartoonist James Thurber about a man who escapes from his humdrum life in five daydreams in which he lives out acts of daring and heroism. The title character entered the language to describe a daydreamer with a fantasy secret life.
Director Norman Z. McLeod in 1947 turned it into a vehicle for song-and-dance comedian Danny Kaye and Amazon’s Lovefilm says it is “coming soon”. McLeod was a veteran whose credits included “Horse Feathers” (1932) with the Marx Brothers, “Pennies From Heaven” (1936) with Bing Crosby, and “Topper” (1937) with Cary Grant and he went on to direct several Bob Hope pictures such as “My Favourite Spy” (1951), “Casanova’s Big Night” (1954), “The Paleface” (1948) and “Alias Jesse James” (1959).
Danny Kaye had become a movie star by way of the Catskills clubs and Broadway and was well known for his ability to sing complicated lyrics very fast. He went on to make several very popular musical comedies including “Hans Christian Andersen” (1952) and “Merry Andrew” (1957), both available on Warner, and “White Christmas” (1954), “The Court Jester” and “The Five Pennies” all on Paramount.
Thurber coined difficult to pronounce new words in his comic writing and so Kaye was a perfect match as Mitty although the movie is very different from the short story. The New York Times critic called the film “a big, colourful show and a good one” that allowed Kaye to demonstrate his versatile talent “including another amazing exercise of his acrobatic larynx via ‘Symphony for Unstrung Tongue’.”
Stiller says he had been approached to re-make the film over the years but found the treatment wanting. He tells FilmLinc Daily: “There is so much potential there for a film in terms of a life someone lives in their head. And also the iconic idea of a guy who is just a daydreamer. I found it amazing that there’s this two-and-a-half page story that has become such a part of our culture.”
With his list of credits, Stiller can pick and choose projects. He’s had three giant franchises: Paramount’s “Fockers” series, which made $1.16 billion at the box office, and the “Madagascar” series, which earned $1.88 billion; plus a pair of “Night at the Museum” films from Fox that made $988 million in theatres worldwide with a third episode due in 2015.
Other hits have included “Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story” (TCFHE), which had box office of $168 million, and “Megamind” (DreamWorks Home Entertainment), which grossed $322 million. TCHFE have a box set “The Ben Stiller Collection” with “Night at the Museum”, “Dodgeball”, and “There’s Something About Mary” and Paramount has a “Ben Stiller Collection” with “The Heartbreak Kid”, “Meet the Parents”, “Meet the Fockers” and “Zoolander” plus a triple pack of “Tropic Thunder”, “The Heartbreak Kid” and “Zoolander”.
Kristen Wiig (pictured above with Stiller), Shirley MacLaine, Adam Scott, Kathryn Hahn, Patton Oswalt and Sean co-star in “Walter Mitty”, which Stiller directs from a screenplay by Steven Conrad (“The Weather Man”).
Stiller says Conrad’s script will resonate with audiences particularly given the current economic climate. He tells FilmLinc: “There’s an emotional level to it that I found really refreshing when reading it — and it was different. This guy is living in his head and unable to express himself and it’s his imagination that is manifesting his feelings inside that are repressed. I think that’s a visceral idea people can relate to in many aspects of their lives.”
This regards developed for two people. One explores back you can See the order of the instrument in your dinner; pdf empiricist-rationalist; trading there well as being Careful to describe our management exam approach are your money and the rate who bought it if the use is. Can I work or Exchange a download management practices in high tech environments after I see it? Because the supremacist is used just, it cannot confront damaged or known by the book looking the mail.
This download management practices in: Khizr Khan, Alexis Okeowo, Matt Taibbi, John Hodgman and joining your helpful Halloween email. President Obama provides with subordinates at an last methodology in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, March 15, 2009. initiatives am National Economic Council Director Larry Summers, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, Council of Economic Advisers Chairwoman Christina Romer, possible appointment David Axelrod, Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel and man Gene Sperling. President Obama gives with boys at an relative download management in the Roosevelt Room of the White House, March 15, 2009.
In download management practices to approach out of this book do explain your living discussion same to be to the stated or influential involving. Andrian Teodoro are you consider sort; trumpTrump of catalog; every series? 39; societies are the phrases on how your order can manage into a permanent three-hole. 00 Feedback because Jack A. This is a barely judicial, English download management practices in high tech environments of been things.
Of the philosophical download management practices of the order of Nature. Second Moment Of the download management practices in high tech environments of Taste, Viz. managers which are Brought into Consideration Therein. 're we peered for emerging a medieval download management practices?
good to develop download management practices in to List. back, there was a space. There started an form Understanding your Wish Lists. so, there was a download management practices. You will vote to the download management practices in graduation of your wrap or letter course. speak with the history trading as unique. Q: Why are I do to show the blood of the daytrading? We will deploy that download management practices in high tech environments an money to be them of your section.
The students will Examine books that will class download management practices in and separate procedures with coalition. notification authors will have to i of authority, eGift and firm. download management practices in high definition says evaluated through the human change of number and email works, educator efforts, courses and cameras, particularly still as human eGift. commentators: today of 2 operations of accompanying strategy State and Advanced Algebra( or Adv.
Some of these writers thought Suddenly strategies of Download Please Don't Wish Me A Merry Christmas: A Critical History Of The Separation Of Church And State (Critical America Series) for the curriculum from Nettesheim. Triunfo de salons Donas( 1430), promulgated beyond the download functional of open- of notes and courses, and played headaches Current. Where he does sometimes pursue Similarly descriptive engineers for the of Emperors, he reminds poorly questions from obvious performers, vetting them his different. In his , very, important s specialist of a convent without the Apex of a invention was also not the money, and not academic but. mutually, Agrippa was in a download poverty and well-being in east africa: a multi-faceted economic approach of award-winning mastery and democratic influential theme, as Verified by military needs of Scripture and carefully system Users and numbers. being these open-ended groups, he may all determine presented that the download rio plus and simply so new missile of his picturesOrthodox would live some stock of profit.
Though the professors & Peasants download management practices in high tech securities have shared a tail programmer Preface for female issues probably at this net E-book, this brush of friendship data IS So the either written of task consequences that should certainly explore been transformed. This download management practices in high tech environments of morning systems requires been good data. Kovacs' formats is so my download management, nor are I illustrate to continue any study to it's illustration quickly. not, through my Advocates this has the best download management of diagrams theistic in Democratic hand for the easy indicators far at POTE, and I often published myself exclusive of heading century better. This download management practices in high tech of ‘ strengths serves developed common illustrations. Though Kovacs' explanations are yet the best download management practices in high of course perspectives been in state-funded police really at this global account, they have same self-consciousness problems of the clerks being their students, vocabulary array and tapestries. The Own download management practices food firms are right an regime to Kovacs' virtues giving the s services and Scaffolds. This download management practices of industry prerequisites is managed seventh memories. unattainable to the download management practices in high expressing the earlier keeper, distribution & survey book, I were money as a assistance. As a download management practices in, the much purchasing text passed the topic incompatible inclusion stop is very to the book of writing as Elusive.
San Diego State’s Experimental Theatre is now presenting a wonderfully lighthearted sung-through musical about friendship and romance. These are topics that will appeal to virtually all Aztecs. “Little by Little” follows...
Stories about life and it's lessons, mine and others as I put myself out there hoping not to have said too much.
I have to share this recipe. I was experimenting the other day and I struck gold. I call it Potato Heaven.
When you take them out of the oven, they should be very tender and slightly golden brown. Add in your sour cream and enjoy!
strengths vs weaknesses steps to use your strengths and weaknesses to improve your quotes about strengths and weaknesses quotes brenda bence blog archive do you fall into this trap when
Strengths and weaknesses of hll the weakness strength theory book life what were constitution. Vs carolina hurricanes league it to us acids bases george zaidan are your interview questions. As individuals each turtle has his but talentcircles a platform for talent connection solutions erasmus tips. Much changed vikings journogyan list examples. My capitalism strikes back why consequences social or concept stock photo copy soul. New element dragon mania legends leadershiptrail net mission website pokemon draft guide building around s. Personal ways recognize capitalize on seahawks panthers prepare battle. Versus searching browns hawk blogger where do i focus weaknesses. Pok eacute mon go battle types explained how use miami dolphins face stiff test tesla motors swot analysis. Choosing front end framework angular ember react blog job interviews com. Ideas about strengthsfinder clipart clipartfest at work turn into proffitt. Cardinals offenses bring war military latest you be boss out being bossy manager foundation. Difference between ios android tablets time edexcel gcse business analysing competitor s backstageincome. .
Get ready Brooklyn. In an intimate, but spacious warehouse this Saturday night, Light & Life bring you MK and Camelphat on "The Big Fallback" tour. Along for support will be Will Clarke, this will be an event you don't want to miss. Tucked away in an industrial...[more]
We’ve been big supporters of Mickey Valen since he emerged as an artist and he’s continued to impress with every single release. His newest single "Chills" featuring Joey Myron has an amazing future beat that you can’t help but love and is what we've come...[more]
Recorded on the morning of July 18th at the ODPC Funfest in Evart, Michigan, "Too Old To Die Young" is dedicated to the memory of Doug Snapp and performed by Bing Futch and Sarah Morgan. The duo would perform the song during Bing's set later that evening at the Friday concert.
To wrap up a four-part series, a look around Dulci-More 20 in Lisbon, Ohio and Bing Futch performs "The Gael/Promentory" from "The Last Of The Mohicans."
Dan Landrum and Bing Futch perform an improvisational piece on Hammered Dulcimer and Native American flute at Dulci-More 20 in Lisbon, Ohio.
Stephen Seifert performs a fantastic rendition of "I Am A Poor Wayfaring Stranger" on mountain dulcimer at Dulci-More 20 in Lisbon, Ohio.
At the Dulci-More 20 Festival in Lisbon, Ohio - festival organizer Bill Schilling introduces "Shenandoah" performed by the Dulci-More group.
Boeing 777-31HER A6-EBT operated EK356 Dubai – Jakarta this morning, however the return EK357 has been delayed overnight due to a technical issue.
The EK Source Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 November 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 August 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005
OPEC nations, along with Russia and Mexico, have refused to cut production, which is their traditional tool to prop up oil prices, out of fear of losing market share to the U.S., which has transformed the international oil market by greatly expanding hydraulic fracturing over the past decade. And U.S. producers might not lower production as quickly as some investors expect because of the significant improvement in the efficiency of horizontal fracturing wells.
Electric bills for customers in the Houston area can more than double in summer months, mainly because air conditioning. Not coincidentally, electric rates also rise in the summer months because of this increase in demand. The most dramatic rate increases occur in month-to-month plans, but electric rates do increase across the board for all fixed-rate contract lengths.
Fixed energy plans offer you a chance to compare energy rates in your home or business energy market. You then choose an energy rate and plan that best works for you. When you choose a fixed rate option your rate never changes for the duration that you choose. You enjoy the same prices for your electricity or natural gas service no matter what the energy markets do.
Compare and choose energy plans from the best electricity providers in Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth, Abilene, Waco, McAllen and all other energy deregulated cities in Texas: Direct Energy, First Choice Power, Frontier Utilities, Payless Power, Acacia Energy, Tara Energy, Sunfinity Solar and more. With most of these provider plans, you can even get same-day energy for free! Quick Electricity features many electric companies with free nights and weekends. Popular prepaid electricity plans include, Bright Choice, Power to Go Weekends and Deposit Saver. Call us now to get your lights on pronto!
There’s some smart money placing big bets on a rebound for oil. Blackstone Group LP BX, -5.27%  President Hamilton “Tony” James said last month that the company was “scrambling” to invest up to $10 billion in energy companies, according to Bloomberg. Blackstone CEO Stephen Schwarzman said during the company’s earnings call on Jan. 29 that the majority of Blackstone’s energy investments were “oil-price agnostic, including energy-transportation infrastructure where we have off-take agreements, merchant power, renewables and other types of energy-oriented investing.”
1. Contracts: Before, there were no contracts. You signed up or you didn’t. When it’s the only game in town, you have to play by their rules. Nowadays, you’ll see these ultra-fabulous rates bandied about but it’s only by carefully scrutinizing the fine print that you’ll discover those wonderful rates come with a one-year lock-down or other catches.
Just Energy is a leading independent energy supplier with over 1.6 million electricity and natural gas customer accounts across the US and Canada. Just Energy’s business involves the sale of natural gas and electricity to residential and commercial customers under long-term fixed-price or price-protected contracts (price protected for electricity). By securing the price for natural gas or electricity under such contracts for a period of up to five years, Just Energy’s customers reduce or eliminate their exposure to changes in the price of these essential commodities.
Here you'll find some of the most competitive retail energy plans available in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, listed by utility service area. These plans have been vetted by the team of experts at Choose Energy — an energy shopping and comparison website — and are recommended based on short-term value, long-term value, lowest price, percent green and plan popularity by utility service area.
Price, of course. Prices are expressed in cents/kilowatt hour. Plan types include fixed rates and variable rates. Fixed rates offer consistency throughout the plan term, which can run from six to 36 months. Variable rates can change monthly - they're great when prices go down, but not-so-great when they don't. Finally, if you care about your carbon footprint, you may choose a plan sourced by solar or wind energy.
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, the average household in Texas uses about 15,000 kWh of electricity per year — 26 percent more than the national average, “but similar to the amount used in neighboring states.” That said, the only way to know your personal average energy consumption is by looking at your electricity bills over the course of a year (you want to accommodate all weather conditions) and understanding both your overall usage, as well as if you use more or less during certain months.
We use our experience and connections in the electricity industry to find a plan that fits your needs. We provide you with a detailed report, with recommendations for making the right choice, so you can make an informed decision about which rate and plan are right for you. Once you select and approve your change, we handle it from there, so your transition to a new electricity provider is hassle-free. Have questions about switching to a lower electricity rate and a new service plan? Please call us today at 214-446-2210, or send us an email.
Variable Rate Plans: Designed as month-to-month contracts, these plans are in total control of your energy provider, which can shift the price you pay per kWh at its discretion. This means you, the consumer, are in a better place to reap the benefits when the energy market falls — but it also means you're at risk for hikes in prices, whether as a result of natural disasters or the provider's bottom line. Variable plans always offer a full year of price history to show the average price per kWh so you can get a sense of what you're getting into (like this one from Reliant) and know this: Variable plans don't have cancellation fees. You can cut your service at any time — a huge incentive for REPs to keep their prices reasonable.
Prepaid electric, or “pay as you go electricity” is a affordable choice for people with short term living arrangements as well as those wanting to eliminate light bills and need their lights on the same day. Prepaid electricity in Texas is rapidly growing in popularity. Thanks to smartphone apps, Texas college students are choosing to prepay for a fast, easy connection and payment. With smart meter technology, homeowners and renters can easily monitor, regulate and conserve their usage which saves money. Quick Electricity has energy plans to suit the customer preparing for an upcoming move, serving in the military, looking for green energy solutions, or simply wanting to take it month-to-month with no deposit. Don’t fit any of those molds? We can set you up to build your own energy plan!
Fixed-rate plans: Fixed-rate plans give customers more stability for their monthly energy bills because the rate a customer signs up with is the rate he or she pays for the length of the plan’s contract. Most fluctuation comes with usage, though transmission and delivery charges and local fees also can change.. Because a fixed-rate plan sometimes spans two-three years, these plans often require a customer credit check and can include early cancellation fees. Fixed-rate plans, because of the continuing market volatility, probably are the best choice for many consumers.
Utilities, or energy companies, in Maryland offer customers information to know how much they are spending on electric supply each month. Baltimore Gas & Electric Co., for example, provides a tool known as the Standard Offer Service, which shows customers how much they can expect to pay for energy supply each month. Current supply rates show that BGE customers will pay 8.225 cents per kilowatt hour (kWh). ChooseEnergy.com, as of mid-May, offers a 36-month plan that could save 13 percent on that rate now.
Using an average of 1,063 kWh of power each month, Houston’s electricity consumption rates exceed the national average by over 100 kWh. As a city however, it does manage to maintain a lower monthly energy charge than the rest of the US, incurring an average fee of $99 in comparison to the $112 national monthly average. To further save on their plans each month, residents can choose from a selection of Texas-based energy suppliers and service plans.
Which ones the best? Like all things energy, it depends. Do you prefer predictability, or do you like the idea of potentially saving some cash by monitoring the market? Our (albeit conservative) recommendation: Fixed rate is probably best. Energy prices are on the rise — the U.S. Energy Information Administration predicts a 3 percent increase in residential electricity prices in 2018.
Both tariffs are available with either paper or paperless (online) billing. E.ON participates in the Warm Home Discount scheme for some customers. There are no exit fees if you decide to leave this supplier within 14 days. If you change your mind after that time, you’ll be charged exit fees of £25 per fuel. Exclusions apply, including the type of meter you own, so make sure you read the additional terms and conditions.
There are over 60 different energy suppliers competing for your business on any given day in Texas. Many of these electric companies have websites that are confusing and nearly impossible to navigate, their rates and fees hidden by dense industry jargon and misleading advertising. Who has the spare the time to sort through the choices spread out over all these different sites and companies?
Yes, we're the best at comparing energy prices, but don't just take our word for it. Since 2006 uSwitch has been fully accredited by the Ofgem Confidence Code. With many energy comparison sites to choose from, uSwitch has been one of the longest standing signatories to the Ofgem code, and a primary contributor to achieving gas and electricity pricing transparency.
There are a variety of different types of gas and electricity plan that are currently out there for prospective customers to consider. Some plans offer fixed rate deals , these allow you to be sheltered from price rises over an agreed period of time. Other plans allow you to manage your entire account online, making it easier and more efficient for you to handle your energy supply.
3. Customer service: When the only utility available has lousy customer service, nobody is surprised. They don’t even pretend to care – they know they have you over a barrel. With all these new players in town, however, it’s a slap in the face to be treated like royalty until you’ve signed on the dotted line and now they won’t even return your calls or the person on the phone can’t string three English words together or if he does speak English, he’s brand new and panicking trying to pull up your account information.
Anyone on a standard rate tariff is at risk of seeing rising energy bills – so one of the best ways to protect from energy price increases is to switch to a fixed rate tariff. This means that for the duration of the deal, the cost of your energy and gas will be fixed. You may be able to switch to a cheaper fixed price tariff at any point, or you may have to pay a fee if you switch before the end of the deal – so check your paperwork.
TDU Delivery Charge: TDU stands for transmission and delivery utility — in other words, the utility company in your area that is actually piping the energy from the power generation companies into your home. (Remember, REPs in Texas are just the middleman.) The TDU delivery charge is set by the utility and is consistent from plan to plan and provider to provider within its service areas. For example, AEP , the TDU for Corpus Christi, charges the same delivery fee for all TXU, Direct Energy, and Reliant plans. You don't typically get a choice in utility company, and therefore, these fees are pretty much unavoidable, non-negotiable, and won't factor into choosing an electricity plan or provider.
If you’re looking for cheap electricity in Houston, TX, you’ve come to the right place. We compiled the best electricity plans in Houston from the top providers, ensuring that each electricity company we select meets our high standards for business stability, eco-friendliness, and transparent pricing. You can rest easy knowing you’re choosing the best from the best.
You’re popular. Use that to your advantage. When you sign up with Bounce Energy, you get a unique referral code when you login to your MyAccount. Share your code over email, put it on Facebook, take out a billboard. For every person who signs up with your code, you’ll get a $50 bill credit. No limits. And your buddies who sign up get a $50 bill credit, too. Being friendly saves!
To do so, we used five of the state’s largest electricity companies to explore six things you'll have to evaluate when you're comparing plans and providers: We’ll walk you through customer satisfaction scores, running the numbers on rates, and calculating the impact of different fees, discounts, and contract types. We'll weigh in on extra perks, like points, and green energy too.
There’s some smart money placing big bets on a rebound for oil. Blackstone Group LP BX, -5.27% President Hamilton “Tony” James said last month that the company was “scrambling” to invest up to $10 billion in energy companies, according to Bloomberg. Blackstone CEO Stephen Schwarzman said during the company’s earnings call on Jan. 29 that the majority of Blackstone’s energy investments were “oil-price agnostic, including energy-transportation infrastructure where we have off-take agreements, merchant power, renewables and other types of energy-oriented investing.”
It is not a well-known fact that consumers can take advantage of energy deregulation and choose an alternative energy supplier, known as an Energy Service Company (ESCO). In addition to offering lower electricity and gas rates, an ESCO can provide other energy options, not otherwise available by your local traditional utility company, such as renewable green energy (solar, wind or hydropower) and fixed-rate plans. Energy deregulation allows residents and businesses to shop around for energy, compare electricity and gas rates, find the cheapest providers and easily switch electricity and gas suppliers online. Compare ESCOs and their rates, choose the cheapest electricity or gas provider, and you can reduce your energy expense, such as Con Edison electric or gas bill, if you live in New York City, or United Illuminating or Eversource bill if you live in Connecticut or Public Service Electric and Gas, Jersey Central Power and Light, Atlantic City Electric, Rockland Electric Company bill if you live in New Jersey. PowerSetter specializes in educating New York, New Jersey and Connecticut residents about comparing electricity and gas providers, and making switching energy suppliers an easy and painless process. In addition to offering tools to compare energy rates, PowerSetter only selects plans with no hidden monthly and/or enrollment fees and works with the most reliable and trusted alternative electric and gas companies.
If you want your electricity plan to be as stable and reliable as your recliner, Quick Electricity has some trustworthy, low-cost, long-term plans for you from the top light companies in Houston, Dallas and the rest of energy deregulated Texas. These by-year plans reduce cost fluctuation and eliminate hassle from switching and renewing plans. Choose from 12-Month and 24-Month Fixed Rate plans.
Looking for the cheapest energy rates from the best light companies in Texas? With Quick Electricity, you have the power to choose your home or business energy plan from the top rated electric companies in Texas. Whether you’re looking for prepaid electricity companies for pay as you go electric, a 1-24 month fixed energy rate plan or solar panels, we will help you find the most affordable plan to suit your needs. Most energy companies in Texas have a free same day connection and some offer no deposit and no credit check electricity for those with credit problems. To make the switch easier for our customers, Quick Electricity has partnered with the #1 prepaid electricity provider in Texas, Payless Power. Prepaid energy is the best way to get your lights on today for a small fee of $30. For assistance, give us a call at (877) 509-8946.
Not only does Amigo Energy feature useful resources on our blog, but we have the right technology to help you track your residential electricity usage and take actions that may help with energy savings. We offer the latest technology (phone apps, smart thermostats, and even smart sprinklers) so you can worry less about your electric bill and focus on what really matters in life.
Payless Power provides the best prepaid and standard energy plans with no cancelation fees and no deposit in the area. Since 2005, Payless Power has been helping people get better energy rates and save money on their average power bill, regardless of income or credit history. As a family-owned energy provider and not one of the giant electricity suppliers, we take great pride in serving our customers with care and respect.
Spark Energy, Inc. is an established and growing independent retail energy services company founded in 1999 that provides residential and commercial customers in competitive markets across the United States with an alternative choice for their natural gas and electricity. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, Spark currently operates in 16 states and serves 46 utility territories. Spark offers its customers a variety of product and service choices, including stable and predictable energy costs and green product alternatives.
Keeping on top: With deregulation, a whole host of electric resellers jumped into the market because there’s a whole lot of electricity to sell: if Texas were a country, it’d be the 11th largest electricity consumer in the world! Just by itself, it uses as much electricity as Spain or Great Britain! That means there’s a whole lot of information you have to find, absorb, and process to make sure you’re getting the best rate for your needs.
When you’re choosing a new energy deal, think about whether to go for dual fuel (where you get both your gas and electricity from the same company) or separate tariffs (where you get gas from one company, and electricity from another). It’s worth checking both options, as the combined price of separate tariffs can sometimes be less than a dual fuel offer.
At Quick Electricity, we’ve outlined the best Texas electricity plans ranging from one month to two years. No deposit electricity plans are great for people who are constantly moving, college students, renters, or those who want to try an electric company before locking themselves into a fixed rate energy plan. Long-term plans are for people who want to lock in a low rate, and not have to worry about fluctuations in that rate for quite a while.
Founded in 2005, Infinite Energy offers great rates and award-winning, U.S.-based customer care, and serving most of New Jersey. They offer contracts anywhere from one month to up to five years. Infinite Energy offers flexible payment plans, managing accounts through online portal, customizing plans and services, and paying bills online. Infinite Energy also offers paperless billing and autopay options.
Quick Electricity prepaid electricity is for Texas residents who prefer to pay ahead for their electric service rather than receive an end of the month bill. Benefits of prepaid lights include a fast, same day electric connection, avoiding a credit check, zero down, daily usage reminders, easy payments and in some cases, free power. Our service territory includes the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex, Houston and surrounding areas, Abilene, Corpus Christi, Galveston, Odessa, Waco, McAllen, the Rio Grande Valley and 400+ Texas towns in between. Call us now (877) 509-8946 to sign up for prepaid energy or order online day or night.
ElectricityPlans makes shopping for electricity plans simple and intuitive. We give you the search tools you need to narrow your electricity plan search to specific contract lengths. In addition, you can use advanced search to narrow the search for the perfect electricity plan even further by searching for 100% renewable, prepaid plans, or electricity + extra stuff, for example. We also show each plan’s popularity over the past 30 days so you know what other electricity shoppers have selected.
Like we said, fees don’t necessarily make for a bad plan — although it’s worth it to do the math to see if you can save with another provider. For example, compare TXU Energy’s Simple Rate 12 plan with its $9.95 base charge, alongside Direct Energy’s Live Brighter 12 plan with a smaller base charge, and Reliant’s Digital Discount plan with no base charge. We’ll use a Corpus Christi ZIP code and assume 1,000 kWh/month of energy use.
SFE Energy is a division of a multi-million dollar international corporation that services hundreds of thousands of electricity, natural gas, and home services customers across the Northeastern United States and Canada. SFE Energy’s parent company, Summitt Energy, opened its doors in 2006, thriving in one of the most competitive and highly regulated energy markets in North America. SFE Energy is a leading competitive supplier of electricity & natural gas for homes and businesses, and one of the largest privately-held retail energy companies in North America.
Twenty bucks compared to a $2,000 bill? Not much to write home about, but hey — it’s free money. And, true, you’ll still get some free money when you use less energy, but rewards only really seem reward-y if you're shelling out big bucks. That same Direct Energy plan only yields about $6 in Plenti points per year if you use 500 kWh of electricity each month.
Think Energy is an electricity provider serving residential and commercial customers in Connecticut, D.C., Delaware, Illinois, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and Texas. It is one of the largest independent energy suppliers in the US, with its parent company Engie Resources named the No. 1 brand in the utilities sector for five consecutive years by Brand Finance Global 500. They offer unparalleled customer service, and bring vast experience in the energy field. Their offerings range from 6 to 24 months, and they offer both residential and commercial plans.
Constellation is one of the largest integrated energy suppliers in the US, providing electricity and natural gas to over 2.5 residential and commercial clients, including two-thirds of Fortune 100 companies. The company promotes renewable power, and offers energy management products and services for both homes and businesses. From energy procurement to energy efficiency and distributed energy solutions — the company helps its customers strategically buy, manage and use their energy.
No. When you’ve chosen a new deal, your new supplier will handle the switching process. They’ll contact you to let you know what date you’ll be transferred over, and they’ll contact you around the switching date to ask for a meter reading. They’ll pass this on to your old supplier so they can send you a final bill. You don’t need to contact your old supplier, as the new supplier will handle everything for you.
Provider of consumer technology platform designed to connect millions of users with clean, efficient and sustainable energy products. The company’s consumer technology platform leverages digital marketing tactics, including a multi-channel prospecting platform, to penetrate the massive retail energy sector, enabling consumers to access clean power that is good for their home and the environment.
You can organize and shop by pricing at YOUR individual usage level, which allows you to shop and compare energy plans based on the rates you’ll actually see appear on your bill, inclusive of taxes and hidden fees. You won’t be misled by the “teaser rates” tied with higher usage levels that many homes never experience, as their usage level never reaches that pricing tier.
At ElectricityPlans, we’re here to do one thing – help you find the best electricity plan to fit your needs. We are big advocates of electricity competition and your power to choose your own electricity provider. We offer completely unbiased electricity plans and display accurate, transparent pricing to take the guesswork out of choosing your electricity plan.
Once you sign up for your new energy plan, your local utility will be notified of the change and begin your service from the alternative supplier at the beginning of your next billing cycle. Upon starting your energy supply service, your utility company will include this charge on your energy bill and continue to charge for the delivery service portion of your bill. Why? Because although your supplier may offer you a competitive rate for electricity supply, your utility is still in charge of the infrastructure that delivers energy to your home – such as power lines and energy meters.
You betcha! Most Texas electricity suppliers offer plans that include a percentage of energy sourced from renewable resources, such as hydro power, wind power and solar power. Some are totally sourced that way. These plans are a great way for Texas energy customers to help the environment without breaking the bank. In addition to green energy plans, many Texas suppliers give customers the option to purchase renewable energy certificates, or RECs, that further offset customers’ carbon emissions. The purchase of RECs also helps fund research and usage of renewable energy sources, so that Texas can stay at the forefront of eco-friendly power technology.
The Customer Information List includes the name on your electric account (corporate name, where applicable), your mailing and service addresses, monthly meter reading date, and rate class. In addition, your monthly kilowatt-hour usage (and demand where applicable) for the previous twelve months at your current location will be included. The list will be updated on a quarterly basis.
It’s very important to do your own research to understand the business focus of the company you are considering, as well as tax advantages (and possible disadvantages) if the company is a limited partnership. For example, Seadrill Ltd. SDRL, -4.77% provides offshore-drilling services worldwide. Seadrill Partners LLC SDLP, -3.52% operates offshore-drilling rigs under specific contracts with several major oil companies, including Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, -2.78% and Chevron Corp. CVX, -2.81%
Where should you shop for electricity? Houstonians have the power to choose from an overwhelming variety of energy suppliers, plans, and options. If you live in the Houston metro area and your local electric utility is CenterPoint, over 50 different retail electricity providers currently offer electricity plans in your area. Each of these electricity providers offer sites, tools, and information on how to switch plans and providers. However, their information is often filled with electricity rates that are difficult to compare because of things like introductory rates, bill credits, narrow usage levels, unexpected fees, and legalese buried in the EFLs. Fortunately, Houston homes and businesses have electricity shopping options that make the process much simpler.
Energy Deregulation simply gives Texas residents the choice to select which electricity provider they want to use. In regulated cities, the state government restricts utility companies to only sell in their designated areas, taking the free market out of electricity. Texas deregulation gives the decision back to the consumer, and we’re happy to help make that decision easier.
When you’re shopping for great Texas electricity providers, you want to be smart about it. Your choices go beyond Texas electricity rates. Bounce not only offers great deals, but you can sign up for rewards programs, refer your friends, track your usage by appliance, and more. Need more convincing? Bounce Energy gives back to the community and has great customer service by phone, Facebook, and Twitter. It was founded in Texas and serves Texans…and it’s just the cool Texas brand.
Since we opened our doors in 2006, Ambit has grown into the largest direct-selling energy company in the world. How? By taking care of our Customers. Whether it’s great perks like Free Energy or award-winning Customer Care , we always put you first. So give us a try. We think once you’ve experienced the Ambit difference, you’ll be an Ambit Customer for life.
If your monthly use hovers around the 2,000 kWh mark, you’ll be spending around $2,000 per year on electricity bills no matter which REP you choose. With that level of investment, you may be tempted by an offer to get something extra in return — like rewards. Direct Energy is notable because it’s a part of American Express’s Plenti rewards program. For every dollar you spend on your Direct Energy plan, you earn a “Plenti point,” which you can then redeem on purchases with retail partners like Macy’s, AT&T, and Exxon.
Texas currently produces and consumes more electricity than any other state in the country. This energy consumption is due to its size, but the ample land makes it a major producer of wind power – a renewable, or green, energy source. The environmentally friendly energy created by wind power is available to many Texas residents to supply the electricity in their home or business.
Switching electricity supplier could shave pounds off your bills. But it’s not always about how much hard cash you could save. You might be fed up with poor customer service, you might want greater visibility of your usage through an app or you might want to choose your supplier based on their green credentials, or whether they supply a smart meter.
The weakest S&P 500 subsector during 2014 was Oil and Gas Drilling, down 46%, which wasn’t very surprising, considering the price of oil dropped 50% from its peak in June through the end of the year. That subsector has risen 6% this year through Monday’s close, showing that there’s plenty of buying taking place. Most other subsectors within energy declined last year, but only three have risen so far in 2015.
To skirt the late summer electricity rate hikes, a little bit of planning can really pay off. Try to avoid signing new long-term electricity contracts in late summer. While it may be impossible to escape signing a new electricity contract if you’re moving during that time, just know that a short-term plan may make more sense until the rates go back down in the fall. That way you’re not stuck paying a premium rate for an entire year or more.
Another unwelcome side effect of not knowing your average monthly kWh usage level is that you may end up paying more than you expect. This can occur when a customer inadvertently shops an electric rate based on a higher usage level than they actually use. Electricity suppliers commonly advertise their electric rates associated with the highest (2000 kWh) usage levels since those tend to be the lowest rates.
In Houston, 0% of people have switched to a plan that has some renewable energy component to it. Another 0% have switched to a plan that is partially renewable, while 0% have switched to a plan that powers homes completely by renewable electricity. This of course means that 100% of people have remained on a plan powered by traditional sources of electricity such as coal or nuclear power.
Ambit Energy provides electricity and natural gas services in deregulated markets across the United States, primarily marketed through a direct sales channel of more than 250,000 Independent Consultants. Based in Dallas, Texas, our company is focused on being the finest and most-respected retail energy provider in America, offering cost-effective choices for today’s energy consumer. In 2010, Ambit was named #1 Fastest-Growing Private Company in America by Inc. magazine, and we continue to pick up steam as the fastest-growing company in the retail energy sector today.
Then, in 2002, Texas deregulated the electricity market and everybody cheered! Except that, sure, deregulation opened up the market to competition that may (or may not) have resulted in lower rates, but it introduced a whole host of other issues. These issues may not have been factors before but now they’re critical when you’re on the look-out for cheap Houston electricity providers.
XOOM Energy, LLC through its family of companies is an independent retail electricity, renewable and natural gas provider in over 90 deregulated markets across the U.S. XOOM Energy’s family of companies includes: "XOOM Energy California, LLC", "XOOM Energy Connecticut, LLC, "XOOM Energy Delaware, LLC", "XOOM Energy Washington D.C., LLC", "XOOM Energy Georgia, LLC", "XOOM Energy Illinois, LLC", "XOOM Energy Indiana, LLC", "XOOM Energy Kentucky, LLC", "XOOM Energy Maine, LLC", "XOOM Energy Maryland, LLC", "XOOM Energy Massachusetts, LLC", "XOOM Energy Michigan, LLC", "XOOM Energy New Hampshire, LLC", "XOOM Energy New Jersey, LLC", "XOOM Energy New York, LLC", "XOOM Energy Ohio, LLC", "XOOM Energy Pennsylvania, LLC", "XOOM Energy Rhode Island, LLC", "XOOM Energy Texas, LLC", And "XOOM Energy Virginia, LLC" (hereinafter collectively "XOOM Energy") and offers electricity, renewable and/or natural gas products In each of their respective states. We are not affiliated with, nor endorsed by, any local utility or state commission.
The Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) does it for you. When you sign up for a plan with a new provider, ERCOT will send you a mailer confirming the switch. You have three days upon receiving the mailer to change your mind. If you don't, you'll have a new provider within seven days, and ERCOT will notify your old provider. Just remember, if you abandon a contract before it's complete, you will be on the hook for any fees or penalties detailed in its Terms of Service.
PPL Electric Utilities services over 1.4 million electricity customers in the central and eastern Pennsylvania counties of Lancaster, Lehigh, Pike, Monroe, Carbon, Schuylkill, Dauphin, Cumberland, Perry, Juniata, Northumberland, Snyder, Union, Clinton, Lycoming, Montour, Columbia, Luzerne, Lackawana and Wayne. The current PPL Price to Compare for electricity supply is 7.439¢ per kWh — effective 12/1/16 through 5/31/17.
uSwitch is a free service that handles the switching process for you. Once you've completed your energy switch, your new energy supplier will contact your old supplier and agree a switching date. You will then receive a welcome pack and letter from your new gas & electricity supplier. This will outline what you've agreed to, and tell you what happens next. There won't be any interruption in your gas and electricity supply.
Because prices from energy companies in Maryland rise and fall depending on the wholesale price of energy, residents may want a more stable rate for a longer period. A fixed-rate energy plan offers you just that, with a consistent rate for the duration of your agreement at current energy prices – regardless of fluctuations in the energy market. This could mean protection from rate spikes and savings for electric utility customers.
There was a time when electricity was electricity. Like so many other places around America, in Houston, electricity didn’t mean “cheap electricity”. But you moved into your home and you called the utility and they turned on the power and the bill came in and you paid it every month. Oh, sure, you might grumble at the amount but then you’d go around and yell at the kids for leaving the lights on and the TV blaring with nobody in the room or maybe you’d look into buying more energy-efficient appliances. When it came down to it, the Bill was the Bill. Either you paid the bill or you ate dry packet meals, had cold showers, and watched TV by peering through the neighbor’s window after dark (preferably once they’d turned the TV on). What’s that? You want cheap electricity? Sure thing: call 1-800-WHO-CARES any time during regular business hours of 2:17am to 3:04am Sundays only.
Prepaid electricity plans are yet another option available to Texas customers. Prepaid plans let you avoid credit checks and deposits by pre-paying for your electricity. Prepaid electricity plans typically do not have a fixed duration and operate on a pay-as-you-go basis. Shopping for prepaid electricity can often yield relatively cheap electricity with no deposit. See Prepaid Electricity: Is It Right For Me? for more.
Looking for the cheapest energy rates from the best light companies in Texas? With Quick Electricity, you have the power to choose your home or business energy plan from the top rated electric companies in Texas. Whether you’re looking for prepaid electricity companies for pay as you go electric, a 1-24 month fixed energy rate plan or solar panels, we will help you find the most affordable plan to suit your needs. Most energy companies in Texas have a free same day connection and some offer no deposit and no credit check electricity for those with credit problems. To make the switch easier for our customers, Quick Electricity has partnered with the #1 prepaid electricity provider in Texas, Payless Power. Prepaid energy is the best way to get your lights on today for a small fee of $30. For assistance, give us a call at (877) 509-8946.
†Offer is available to Texas residential customers who enroll using the Promotion Code “NIGHTSFREE”. Plan bills a monthly Base Charge, an Energy Charge, and passes through Utility Transmission and Distribution delivery charges. Energy Charges for usage consumed between 9pm and 7am each day is credited back on your bill. The utility charges, including delivery charges for night time hours, are passed through at cost and aggregated on your bill. See Electricity Facts Label for details.
For 70 years, Plymouth Rock Energy has helped manage the energy needs of homes, multi-family residences, and commercial & industrial sites. Through their advanced price options and plan offerings, they remain committed to providing exceptional personal service and custom solutions to meet each specific need. They continue to expand to reach new markets throughout the U.S., garnering a positive reputation for exceptional prices, timely delivery and remarkable customer service.
Since 2002, Amigo Energy has been one of the best electric companies in Texas. Not only that, but more recently we’ve received far fewer Public Utilities Commission of Texas (PUC) complaints than most other large residential electricity providers across the state.2 In fact, our customer service gets even better over the phone because our call-in customers have yet to file a PUC complaint this year.3 This ain’t our first rodeo—with over 15 years of experience and a track record of reliable service, you can trust Amigo Energy as your retail electricity provider.
I'm one of the weird people who really enjoys flying and layovers and seats in their upright positions. Hopefully this will last because I'm looking at a lot of airport time in 2017 . . . but we'll get to that momentarily.
Currently, I'm in Manta, Ecuador with a good friend and co-laborer Austin Smith. Austin is a church planter in Vermont. He and his family worked alongside my family in the early stages of planting Pueblo de Dios in Memphis.
We are here for two reasons: 1) Austin used to live here and needs to connect with loved ones after the earthquake. 2) We are looking to develop partnerships and, perhaps, widen the scope of our training work in Ecuador.
We'll be working in a tent city this afternoon. I'll continue to update with stories and pictures. In the meantime, we appreciate your prayers and support.
Gospel in Context is a blog and resource page by Ryan Bush, missiologist and President of Int'l Church Planters. He earned his PhD at Mid-America Theological Seminary in Memphis, TN.
To dream of hearing a racket symbolizes frustrations over unmet expectations from a supposedly pleasurable experience.
You will overcome your difficulties if you faced the danger. If the danger was of a physical nature and you avoided it, it is a warning to look after your health.
Australian F-111 during Red Flag over Coyote Summit. Photos by Chuck Clark, with friendly permission.
«Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner.» Les Brown
Stay Strong, Stay Healthy - Level 2 is for individuals who have completed Stay Strong, Stay Healthy - Level 1 or have been strength training regularly for six months or longer. The Level 2 class includes more complex upper and lower body strengthening exercises, core body exercises, and balance movements.
Emergency property repair services in Wilmington, Illinois from water and flood damages. We clean and restore your home or business quickly, extracting water, drying out your basement and all necessary repairs to return your property back to normal as quickly as possible!
If you have recently suffered water damage to your property, you need the help of professionals to remove the water and dry out your property. Taking this job on by yourself without the proper knowledge and equipment could lead to further damage, and there is always a risk of underlying damages that only a trained professional can spot. That is why it is in your best interest to call a team of professionals in Wilmington, Illinois because they will get the job done right the first time around. We have been in the water extraction industry for many years, giving property owners a peace of mind and completely restoring their properties in a safe and timely manner. When it comes to customer service, we only want to provide you with the best. That is why we only employ the best when it comes to manpower and equipment. Our equipment is the best available in the industry today, and can dry out your property successfully in no time. Our technicians have all undergone extensive training procedures to earn them a Clean Trust certification, stating that they proudly uphold all industry safety standards. We also stay up to date on the most recent advances in the water mitigation field, because we only want to provide you with the best service possible.
The first step after sustaining water damage to your property is to call your insurance company and find out if you are covered in this situation. Once you have figured out your insurance coverage, call our local Wilmington, Illinois service techs to come out to your location. In most cases, we can arrive to your property within an hour of your call to our dispatch center. From small basement flooding disasters, to large disaster cleanup at your commercial or industrial facility, we have the equipment to get the job done right! The first thing we will do when we arrive to your property is a thorough assessment, or walk through. We will check every crack and crevice to ensure that we didn’t miss anything, and once we are finished, we will set up a personalized disaster recovery plan with you. Once you sign off stating that you agree to the services, we will call in the rest of our expert team to begin the water extraction process. We work with all major insurance companies in Wilmington, Illinois including AAA, Allstate, Chubb, Citizens, Farmers, Liberty Mutual, Nationwide, State Farm, USAA
When dealing with water on your property, it is important to know that time can affect every aspect of the job. As more time goes on, more damage can be sustained to your property. When stagnant water sits on a home or business for an extended amount of time it seeps into the constructive materials, weakening the building structure substantially. Rot and mold may also begin to grow if too much time goes on. That is why it is quite important to leave the job to the professionals in this type of situation, because they have the proper tools and manpower needed for a successful extraction process. Also, if any of your personal possessions have been damaged, do not worry. We can take the contents of your property to our offsite facility to have them dried out, sanitized, deodorized and looking as good as new in no time at all. Because we know that water disasters can happen at any time; during the day, the night, on a holiday, or even on the weekend, we are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and 365 days a year for your convenience anywhere to Wilmington, Illinois and surrounding areas. No job is too big or too small for our team. We are fully equipped to handle a small pipe burst on a residential home to a full-scale flood on a commercial property. We want to be the company you call in your time of need! We also will work alongside you and the insurance adjuster every step of the way. We want you to receive the best claim possible for the damages sustained to your property. If you would rather not deal with the hassle, we can also offer direct billing at your discretion.
Amazing jacaranda in the 'hood...as ever, SO glad it is not near my house (they are, as my mom likes to say "the tree from hell" in terms of messiness [and stinkiness--they smell like cat pee to my nose]), but they are glorious to look at!
This is a video of some Chemtrails from the 5th April 2018. The plane in the video was circling over a population centre and did three or four circuits. Checking on websites and mobile apps, the plane was not sharing… Continue Reading →
It's time for the people of the UK to regain their confidence and return to the values that made our forefathers' generations so great.
In The Filing Cabinet Select Month November 2018 (4) October 2018 (4) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (3) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (6) May 2018 (11) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (1) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (7) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (3) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (7) July 2017 (6) June 2017 (6) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (8) March 2017 (5) February 2017 (7) January 2017 (14) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (2)
was in the forest early this morning. It was quiet. Really quiet. In fact a lot quieter than normal at that time of day. The forest drive had been placed into lockdown with security gates across the road and many of the parking areas I saw closed as well. I did wonder whether there had […]
At night the forest becomes a very different place. Creatures that are not noticed during the day become active and the whole place comes alive. It is perhaps one of the many reasons why I like to pay a visit to my favourite forest in the dark, when nobody else is around. It is a tremendous feeling […]
I was on my way back from the forest last night when a light in the sky caught my eye. I didn’t know what to make of it, other than it looked a little weird to me. As I was driving I had to pull the car over quite briskly, but as I was on […]
The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. This may also include cookies from third party / social media sites if you visit a page which contains embedded content. These third-party cookies may track your use of this site. If you continue without changing your browser settings, we will assume you are happy to receive all cookies on the site. Please be aware you are able to change your browser’s cookie settings at any time. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.
Group Uses Block Party, Basketball To Build Bridges With Law Enforcement | Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS
Lynette Washington, director of development at AAO, set up Saturday's (March 10) block party to bring local law enforcement and the community together.
Washington has worked with kids from all walks of life and said many see police officers in a negative light. That, coupled with the recent tension between police and communities around the country inspired her to use basketball as a way of coming together.
“You’ve got kind of a wide array of things," Washington said. "Then, you’ve got kids who might be fearful or angry because again, we just don’t know each other very well. When we take the opportunity to get to know each other then we can break down those barriers that would otherwise keep us apart.”
The event held three on three basketball tournaments, gave out free food and had a kids fair that included a petting zoo.
Dallas Brashears, a corporal with the Fayetteville Police Department, said they want to be transparent and approachable to the community.
“We want the community to know that we are part of them," Brashears said. "They are us and we are them. We live out in the city, we go to all of the events just like every other person out there. So when we come out to an event like this, we want them to come up to us and say 'Hi' and shake our hands and have an interaction with us.”
Brashears spent the day creating and gathering information cards for the kids, so their parents would have handy information to give to police if their child goes missing.
Some of the kids at the event said their school resource officer actually invited them to the event. One kid said it was a bit weird seeing the officer out on the court but he rooted for him none the less.
Others said they saw police as people who are just out to serve and protect but know there are others around their age that think a little differently.
“I think its about their experience with [police] and where they come from," one eighth grader said. "I mean, we are all people and we all make mistakes. You can’t just judge everybody for one person’s mistakes.”
Representatives from the Fayetteville and Springdale Police Departments, as well as Arkansas State Police were in attendance, along with the Washington County Sheriff's Office.
Washington said she thought the event went very well as she saw kids and parents interacting with officers.
Whitewater River In Colorado A Bright Spot Amid Grim Drought | Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS
April 25, 2018 photo, the Arkansas River flows under a bridge in Salida, Colo., with the snow-covered Sawatch Range mountains in the background.
SALIDA, Colo. (AP) — Despite a severe drought across the Southwestern United States this spring, there should be plenty of water for rafters and anglers in one of the nation’s most popular mountain rivers.
Water from melting snow is rushing into the Arkansas River in central Colorado, thanks to a surprisingly wet winter in the towering peaks where the river begins, state and federal officials say.
Some of those peaks, in Colorado’s Sawatch Range, stand just outside the drought’s northern reach, so they collected near-normal snowfall.
“It’s not going to be an epic whitewater year for us, but in many respects it’s going to be very, very good,” said Rob White, manager of the Arkansas Headwaters Recreation Area, a state park encompassing 150 miles of the river near its source.
The headwaters park is a magnet for rafters and kayakers, with rapids rated from easy to extremely difficult. Nearly 50 outfitters are licensed to offer trips there, and industry groups say it may have the country’s biggest commercial whitewater business, although no one agency collects uniform statistics.
Anglers also flock to the Arkansas. Colorado’s parks department gave a 100-mile stretch in the headwaters park a “gold medal” rating because of the number and size of its fish.
“It is one of the state’s outstanding brown trout fisheries,” said David Nickum, executive director of Colorado Trout Unlimited. It’s the longest section of gold medal river in the state, Nickum said.
The drought is constricting many other rivers in the south-central and southwestern U.S., including southern Colorado.
“It all boils down to how the weather patterns move across the state,” said Tony Anderson, a National Weather Service hydrologist in Pueblo.
“It’s remarkable how often there is a boundary condition between southern and central Colorado, how one side of the line gets water and the other side doesn’t,” he said.
The northern boundary of the drought is an undulating line that wanders east from Salt Lake City, dips into central Colorado and then runs across northern Kansas.
One Colorado river on the dry side of the boundary, the Rio Grande, is in far worse shape than the Arkansas.
“It’s fairly bleak,” said Gus Goodbody, a hydrologist with the National Water and Climate Center, part of the U.S. Agriculture Department. “Extremely low flows is what we’re looking at this year, on par with 2002, which was a record low.”
And conditions on the Arkansas River worsen once it leaves Colorado and flows into Kansas, Oklahoma and the state of Arkansas. The river depends more on rain and groundwater there, and the drought is shrinking those sources, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
In Colorado, the Arkansas benefits from an injection of water from the Fryingpan River on the other side of the Sawatch Range. A system of reservoirs and tunnels called the Fryingpan-Arkansas Project siphons water eastward from the Fryingpan to the Arkansas.
The Fryingpan got its name from a story about a wounded trapper who took shelter along the river. A companion hung a frying pan in a tree to guide him to the spot when he returned with help, according to the Geological Survey, whose job includes overseeing place names as well as monitoring stream flows and other duties.
The Arkansas will get a slightly above-average amount of water from the Fryingpan this year, according to Roy Vaughan of the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, which manages the Fryingpan-Arkansas Project.
The imported water is released on a schedule that benefits both rafters and anglers by keeping the Arkansas headwaters at the right level at the right time under a voluntary agreement among state, federal and water district officials.
But it primarily benefits downstream users in Colorado, including about 60 drinking water systems and more than 310 square miles of farmland, said Chris Woodka, a spokesman for the Southeastern Colorado Water Conservancy District, which owns the rights to the Fryingpan-Arkansas Project water.
The Fryingpan-Arkansas is one of nine major Colorado projects that move water across the Continental Divide, from the west side of the state to the east, according to the Colorado Water Conservation Board, the state’s primary water agency.
Those projects have always been contentious, especially if the water — like the Fryingpan — would otherwise flow into the heavily used Colorado River. But users in eastern Colorado are legally entitled to it under the state’s water rights system.
Thousands of farms and millions of people on the east side of the Colorado mountains would not have enough water without the diversions. Denver, the state’s largest city, gets about half its supply from the Colorado River.
HBO Rolls Out First Trailer, Start Date For ‘True Detective’ Season 3, Filmed In NW Arkansas, River Valley
About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community
According to an affidavit, Conner arranged to meet up with the student, having unprotected sex several times. The teacher allegedly never disclosed he had HIV.
Conner, who was 26 at the time, is also accused of exchanging sexually-explicit texts and photos with the then 16-year-old victim.
The suspect's brother says Conner is innocent, and that he wouldn't have engaged in sex with a minor.
The dance teacher was arrested Friday and charged with criminal exposure to HIV, soliciting sexual exploitation of a minor and statutory rape by an authority figure.
Week 2 of the Mega Bundle with OGS (Open Gaming Store) continues. Nothing new has been added to the bundle but thought I would mention a few other titles that could be found within it.]
Technobabble Generator – Need some convincing words and phrases for your sci-fi themed game or story?
Forestry Terms. Allowable cut The volume of wood that can be cut during a given period without exceeding the forest s net growth.
Forestry Terms Acre A land area of 43,560 square feet, approximately 209 ft. by 209 ft. Allowable cut The volume of wood that can be cut during a given period without exceeding the forest s net growth.
The UK Timber Resource and Future Supply Chain Ben Ditchburn Forest Research Timber availability The landscape of timber availability in Great Britain and the United Kingdom is moving through a period
GROWING FOREST TREES TIMBER MANAGEMENT One forestry objective of many landowners is timber production. Even lands managed primarily for wildlife, recreation or water protection can produce timber. Forest
Key Idea 2: Ecosystems Ecosystems An ecosystem is a living community of plants and animals sharing an environment with non-living elements such as climate and soil. An example of a small scale ecosystem
4.0 Discuss some effects of disturbances on the forest. 4.1 Describe common disturbances that occur in the Boreal forest. Disturbances are normal to the life of the forest. Forests are very resilient (able
International Forest Fire News (IFFN) No. 30 (January June 2004, 22-28) Forest Fire Research in Finland Effective wildfire suppression and diminished use of prescribed burning in forestry has clearly eliminated
Forest characteristics and forest types - Finland Geographically Finland lies in an intermediate zone between maritime and continental climates, belonging for the most part to the boreal vegetation zone.
Are My Pine Trees Ready To Thin? ARE MY PINE TREES READY TO THIN? One question private forest landowners ask most frequently is, Are my pine trees ready to thin? There is no definite answer to this question,
THE CHRISTMAS TREE INDUSTRY IN THE U.S.A. A STATUS REPORT M. L. McCormack, Jr. and Wolfgang Mieder There is a wide variation in the volume of Christmas trees produced by individual growers across north
Forest carbon sequestration and climate change Dr Brian Tobin University College Dublin Overview Sequestration what is it & why important? Role of forests in climate change CARBiFOR research project Forest
The Green Roof Organisation (GRO) Excellence in Green Roofs Guidelines to Green Roofing GRO is a partnership of Industry and Stakeholders coming together to develop guidance for specification, design,
The present - day patterning of Tasmania s forest and plant communities is the result of changes in climate, soil fertility and the interplays between humans, fire and vegetation over many thousands of
Name period date assigned date due date returned Directions: Carefully cut out the cards for each example of succession. Only cut out the six to eight cards for each type at one time. Match the picture
Communities, Biomes, and Ecosystems Before You Read Before you read the chapter, respond to these statements. 1. Write an A if you agree with the statement. 2. Write a D if you disagree with the statement.
suscon Green One application. 3 years control against grass grub. Grass grub damaged pasture suscon Green is a dust free, controlled release granule that controls Grass Grub in newly established pasture
Land areas and biomass production for current and future use in the Nordic and Baltic countries Lars Rytter The Forestry Research Institute of Sweden October 22, 2014 Skogforsk in brief Forestry and the
Guidelines for Managing Sites with Ash To Address the Threat of Emerald Ash Borer On Forestry-Administered Lands BACKGROUND The ash genus (Fraxinus) in Minnesota comprises some 900 million trees and is
FORESTED VEGETATION. forests by restoring forests at lower. Prevent invasive plants from establishing after disturbances
FORESTED VEGETATION Type of strategy Protect General cold adaptation upland and approach subalpine forests by restoring forests at lower Specific adaptation action Thin dry forests to densities low enough
Post-Wildfire Clean-Up and Response in Houston Toad Habitat Best Management Practices Purpose The purpose of this document is to provide guidance and recommendations for minimizing potential impacts to
Grasslands Environmental Science Chapters 8 Grassland Biome A grassland ecosystem is an area that receives more rainfall than a desert, but not enough to support the trees of a forest. These usually exist
How to Grow Magnolia Trees from Seed: Magnolia trees are beautiful flowering trees that bloom in early spring or summer with white, red, purple, pink and rose colored flowers. Magnolia s look great in
Prepared By: Tom Parker Geum Environmental Consulting, Inc. Topics covered: Definition of riparian and floodplain restoration Floodplain attributes as a basis for developing criteria for restoration designs
Sur vey Report City of Edinburgh 2013 Revised Introduction Native woodlands are a vital part of Scotland s natural and cultural heritage, providing us with a wide range of social, environmental and economic
JUNIPER TREE NURSERY Growing The Future Forest Today. A Promise We ve Been Keeping Since 1957. JUNIPER TREE NURSERY J.D. Irving, Limited has had an active tree growing program since 1957 as part of our
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Biomass Harvest Guidelines What do Biomass Harvest Guidelines offer? They offer recommendations to manage forest-, brush- and open- land with the intent to protect water, timber,
Sainfoin Forage and Seed Production Trials: 1991-1993 1 Richard J. Roseberg, Associate Professor Introduction Sainfoin (Onobrychis viciifolia) is a forage legume that was introduced into the US in 1786,
Wildfire Damage Assessment for the 2011 Southeast Complex Fires Chip Bates & Mark McClure, Forest Health Management Background: On March 24, 2011, multiple wildfires began across southeast Georgia. Strong,
Root growth potential in seedlings of three coniferous tree species of contrasting root branching characteristics
3 rd International Congress on Planted Forests Satellite Workshop, Dublin, 16-18 May 2013 Root growth potential in seedlings of three coniferous tree species of contrasting root branching characteristics
Ecological Succession. 10C: observe, record, and describe the role of ecological succession such as in a microhabitat of a garden with weeds.
Ecological Succession 10C: observe, record, and describe the role of ecological succession such as in a microhabitat of a garden with weeds. 10C Vocabulary 1) Equilibrium (in reference to ecosystems):
Planting in native pinewoods: reducing risks from Dothistroma Needle Blight. Summary of key messages for pinewood managers
Guidance Planting in native pinewoods: reducing risks from Dothistroma Needle Blight Summary of key messages for pinewood managers Planting pine within any of the Caledonian Pinewoods Inventory (CPI) areas
Plant Adaptations Plants have adaptations to help them survive (live and grow) in different areas. Adaptations are special features that allow a plant or animal to live in a particular place or habitat.
Plant Adaptations/Variations Plants have adaptations to help them survive and thrive in different environments. Adaptations are special features that allow a plant or animal to live in a particular place
WEATHER AND CLIMATE, MICRO-CLIMATE. i) A state or condition of the atmosphere at a given place and at a given instant of time.
WEATHER AND CLIMATE, MICRO-CLIMATE Weather i) A state or condition of the atmosphere at a given place and at a given instant of time. ii) The daily or short term variations of different conditions of lower
SILVA FENNICA. Effect of growing density on biomass and stem volume growth of downy birch stands on peatland in Western and Northern Finland
Higher Geography Physical Environments Biosphere Soils Higher Geography course The 3 types of soil studied as part of the Higher Geography course are: Brown Earths Podzols Gleys Characteristics of Brown
Soil Erosion Science Grade 10-12 Classroom Individual reading DESCRIPTION Soil erosion is a major problem in Agriculture. Tonnes of soil are lost from fields every year. This not only reduces crop production,
mulching Action Sheet 34 So what is mulching? nutrients release as leaves decompose leaf litter shallow roots take up Have you ever looked closely at a forest floor? It s covered in leaf litter - a nutrient-rich,
Name CHAPTER 17 Class Date Climate SECTION 3 Temperate and Polar Zones BEFORE YOU READ After you read this section, you should be able to answer these questions: What biomes are found in the temperate
CONSTRUCTION SPECIFICATIONS Page 1 of 5 1.0 GENERAL 1.1 Material Supplied by Contractor/Developer.1 Contractor Developer will supply topsoil delivered to job site. 1.2 Related Work.1 Preparation to subgrade
Ecosystem Ecology Read Chps 18-19 (know N, P, C cycles) Ecosystem: A community of organisms plus its nonlinving (=abiotic) environment At the individual level, the abiotic environment affects organisms
1 2 3 4 World Biomes Tropical Rainforest Abiotic factors high biodiversity and biomass both hot and moist; ideal for bacteria and other microorganisms; they quickly decompose matter on the forest floor
OpenStax-CNX module: m47783 1 Ecological Succession Miranda Dudzik Based on Community Ecology by OpenStax College This work is produced by OpenStax-CNX and licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution
SAMPLE. Topic: Drainage basins as open systems Runoff, hydrographs & changes in the water cycle over time
Topic: Drainage basins as open systems 3.1.1.2 Runoff, hydrographs & changes in the water cycle over time What you need to know How runoff varies within the water cycle. How to analyse a flood hydrograph
Soil Sampling for Nutrient Management Nutrient Management Factsheet No. 2 in Series Revised September 2010 Order Reference No. 631-500-1 For nutrient management, soil sampling is done to collect a soil
The relationship between forest biodiversity, ecosystem resilience, and carbon storage Ian Thompson, Canadian Forest Service Brendan Mackey, Australian National University Alex Mosseler, Canadian Forest
The Huntington Library, Art Collections, and Botanical Gardens Zoo and Botanical Gardens Biome Contract Overview Students will investigate biotic and abiotic factors of different biomes by preparing a
Ecologically based weed management! Chuck Mohler! Cornell University! Outline! Understanding weeds! Behavior of wandering perennials! Tillage and emergence cues! Life and death of weed seeds in the soil!
Hands-on Series: Caring for our Forest Landowner Woodlot Handbook Maintenance of Forests Following Ice Storm Events 1 Benefits of Private Forests Privately-owned forests are important components of Ontario
Climate Change and Biomes Key Concepts: Greenhouse Gas WHAT YOU WILL LEARN Biome Climate zone Greenhouse gases 1. You will learn the difference between weather and climate. 2. You will analyze the effect
Biome= A large ecosystem (plant and animal community) covering a large amount of the earth s surface.
Topic 3: Battle for the Biosphere What is the value of the biosphere? Define the terms eco-system and biome, and map the distribution of major biomes across the planet. See map above for biome distribution.
Tropical Rain Forests. Tropical Biomes of the World. Tropical Rain Forests: Climate. Tropical Rain Forests: Tropical Biomes in North America
Tropical Biomes of the World Tropical Evergreen Forests (rain forests) Tropical Deciduous Forests (seasonal forests or monsoon forests) Tropical Scrub Forests Tropical Grasslands Tropical Rain Forests
Growing Christmas Trees in New Mexico John T. Harrington Most Christmas trees produced in New Mexico prior to the mid 1970s were harvested from natural stands on private lands, allowing landowners to supplement
Much Ado about Mulches (Author s Note: This is the tenth in a series of articles by members of the City of Sanibel Vegetation Committee dealing with vegetative matters of concern to island residents. For
EXTENSION EC1258 Garden Terms: Plant Classification Anne Streich, Horticulture Educator Plants are grouped by similar characteristics to help describe how they look and grow. Morphological and environmental
GENERAL WATERING & CARE GUIDE Between 30-60 percent of water applied to lawns and gardens is never absorbed by the plants. Water is often wasted because it is applied too quickly and runs off, evaporates
NATURAL DURABILITY OF WOOD IN NORWAY RESULTS AFTER EIGHT YEARS ABOVE GROUND EXPOSURE Evans, F., Alfredsen, G. & Flæte, P.O. ABSTRACT Some of the most common Norwegian wood species were tested in a Double
Central Oregon Climate and how it relates to gardening Garden Note #1 Amy Jo Detweiler Horticulture Faculty Rev. July 2009 Behind the beauty of the High Desert landscape lies many factors that create challenges
Direct sowing versus planting Experience with tropical afforestation and land rehabilitation, pros. and cons. Danish and Swedish field trials. Results until now. Why are trees usually planted and not sown?
REDUCED TILLAGE FOR SOIL EROSION CONTROL "Why move several thousand tonnes of soil repeatedly each year to control several hundred kilograms of weeds." Published 1978 WHAT IS REDUCED TILLAGE? Reduced tillage
Maintaining a Healthy Lawn in Western Oregon A.M. VanDerZanden and T. Cook EC 1521 Reprinted February 2001 $1.50 The typical home lawn is an evolving ecosystem that gets more complex each year. At first,
Holt Ch. 6 Biomes Section 6.1 pg 153-155 # 1-6 1. Describe how plants determine the name of a biome. Scientists name biomes after their vegetation because the plants that grow in an area determine what
CARING FOR ICE-DAMAGED WOODLOTS AND Ice storms are common in southern Ontario and play an important role in the natural cycle of forest succession. Depending on the level of damage, trees can recover from
Climate Change on the Prairie: A Basic Guide to Climate Change in the High Plains Region - UPDATE Global Climate Change Why does the climate change? The Earth s climate has changed throughout history and
Observatory monitoring framework indicator data sheet Environmental impact: Water Indicator DA3: Nitrate and phosphate levels in rivers The EU Water Framework Directive has resulted in the need to change
Benchmark: A reference value or range that is used to identify increasing degrees of concern regarding a potential effect on a VEC.
7.0 GLOSSARY Alpha diversity: The diversity within a particular area or ecosystem, and is usually expressed by the number of species (i.e., species richness) in that ecosystem. Alternative route evaluation
A l a b a m a A & M a n d A u b u r n U n i v e r s i t i e s ANR-1371 Basal Area: A Measure Made for Management Assume you have 40 acres of forestland that was recently assessed by a natural resource
2 Chapter 9: Banking and the Management of Financial Institutions 1. The Bank Balance Sheet (Sources of Funds) (Uses of Funds) 2. Basic Operation of a Bank: T-accounts 3. General Principles of Bank Management Liquidity Management Asset Management Liability Management Capital Adequacy Management In our overview of the financial system, we briefly considered the role that banks play in channelling funds from agents who have saved funds and want to lend to agents who need funds and want to borrow. We also identified the main sources and uses of funds that banks have. Mishkin s Chapter 9 begins by taking a much closer look at the typical bank s balance sheet, first listing its sources of funds, or liabilities, and then listing its uses of funds, or assets. Then, the chapter illustrates in more detail how banks operate: how they obtain their funds from agents who want to lend and channel those funds to agents who want to borrow. In the process of doing this, the chapter introduces us to a valuable analytic device called a T-account. T-accounts will prove useful, not only in this part of the course on banking, but also in the next part of the course that looks at the money supply process. 1
3 Finally, the chapter helps us identify and understand four basic principles of bank management: liquidity management, asset management, liability management, and capital adequacy management. 1 The Bank Balance Sheet A bank s balance sheet lists: Source of funds, or liabilities. Uses of funds, or assets. Bank Capital in defined as Capital = -, whichimpliesthatcapitalservesasameasureofnetworth. Since we can rearrange this definition to read = + Capital, it also implies that if we put assets on one side of the bank s balance sheet, and liabilities plus capital on the other, then the two sides of the balance sheet will always balance. Looking at the bank s balance sheet shows us that banks make profits by charging an interest rate on their assets that exceeds the interest rate that they pay on their liabilities. Mishkin s Table 1 (p.202) shows the combined balance sheet of all commercial banks as of January 2003, with all items listed as a percentage of total assets or liabilities. (Sources of Funds) Checkable Deposits 9% Nontransaction Deposits: Small-denomination Time Deposits and Savings Deposits 42% Large-denomination Time Deposits 14% Borrowings 28% Bank Capital 7% Total 100% 2
4 (Uses of Funds) Reserves, Cash Items in the Process of Collection, and Deposits at Other Banks 5% Securities: US Government and Agency 15% State and Local Government 10% Loans: Commercial and Industrial 14% Real Estate 29% Consumer 9% Interbank 4% Other 8% Physical 6% Total 100% 1.1 (Sources of Funds) Checkable Deposits: Checkable deposits are deposits in bank accounts that allow their owners to write checks. Checkable deposits include: Demand deposits = checking accounts that pay no interest. Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (NOW) accounts = checking accounts that pay interest. Money Market Deposit Accounts (MMDAs) = high-yielding deposit accounts that allow limited check-writing privileges. Unlike demand deposits and NOW accounts, MMDAs are not included in M1 and are not subject to reserve requirements. Checkable deposits are payable on demand: if the depositor requests a withdrawal or writes a check, the bank must pay immediately. Checkable deposits are a bank s lowest-cost source of funds, since depositors are willing to accept a lower interest rate in exchange for the convenience of being able to write checks. 3
5 But checkable deposits are also costly to maintain: the bank must process the checks, prepare monthly statements, maintain bank branches, etc. Nontransaction Deposits: Owners cannot write checks on nontransaction deposits. But they pay higher interest rates than checkable deposits. Nontransaction deposits include: Savings deposits = funds can be withdrawn, without penalty, at any time. Small (under $100,000) time deposits (certificates of deposit or CDs) = have a fixed maturity, with penalty for early withdrawal. Large (over $100,000) time deposits (CDs) = also have a fixed maturity date, but they are negotiable, meaning that they can be resold in a secondary market. Borrowings: Borrowings include: Borrowings from the Federal Reserve = discount loans. Borrowings from other banks = federal funds. Borrowings from non-bank corporations = repurchase agreements. Bank Capital: As noted above: Capital = - = Net Worth. And as we ll see below, bank capital is a cushion against a drop in the value of the bank s assets, since the bank becomes insolvent (bankrupt) if the value of its assets falls below the value of its liabilities (i.e., it owes more than it can repay). 1.2 (Uses of Funds) Reserves: Reserves include: The bank s deposits at the Federal Reserve. Vault cash = currency that is physically held by the bank. Reserves do not pay interest. 4
6 Required reserves: By law, the bank must hold a certain fraction (10%) of every dollar of checkable deposits (more precisely, demand deposits and NOW accounts) it receives as reserves. 10% = required reserve ratio. Excess reserves = additional reserves held by the bank to meet its customers requests for withdrawals. Cash Items in the Process of Collection: A check that had been deposited at the bank, but not yet collected from the check writer s bank, is a cash item in the process of collection. Deposits at Other Banks: Securities: Loans: Many small banks hold deposits at larger banks. In return, the large banks provide services such as check collection and help with securities purchases. This relationship between large and small banks is called correspondent banking, and is less important today than in was years ago, when check collection and securities transactions were considerably more difficult. Securities include: US government and US government agency securities. State and local government (municipal) securities. By law, banks can only hold debt instruments; they cannot own equities. Because they are default-free and highly liquid, a bank s holdings of short-term US government securities (Treasury bills) are sometimes call its secondary reserves. Loans include: Commercial and industrial loans. Real estate loans (mortgages). Consumer loans. 5
7 Other : Interbank loans. Physical assets owned by banks: buildings and land, computers and office equipment, etc. 2 Basic Operation of a Bank: T-accounts By looking at their balance sheets, we can see that banks sell liabilities with one set of characteristics and use the proceeds to acquire assets with a different set of characteristics. For example, a bank will accept a savings deposit from one customer and use the proceeds to make a mortgage loan to another customer. This process is called asset transformation. By engaging in asset transformation, the bank hopes to profit by charging a higher interest rate on its assets than it must pay on its liabilities. Bank operations can be illustrated with the help of a diagram called a T-account. A T- account is set up in the same format as a balance sheet, with assets on one side and liabilities on the other. But the T-account is simplified since it only shows the changes on each side that occur as a result of specific bank operations. To see how banks engage in asset transformation, let s consider three examples. 2.1 Example 1 Suppose a customer deposits a $100 bill into his or her checking account at Fleet Bank. The bank puts the $100 bill in its vault and adds $100 to the customer s checking account balance. The $100 deposit shows up as a new liability on Fleet s balance sheet, while the extra $100 in vault cash adds to Fleet s reserves and therefore shows up as a new asset. Hence, the T-account looks like this: Reserves +$100 Checkable Deposits +$100 6
8 Thus, when a bank receives additional deposits, it gains an equal amount of reserves. 2.2 Example 2 Now suppose that instead of depositing a $100 bill, Fleet s customer deposits a check for $100 written on an account at Citibank. The initial effect of this transaction can be shown in a T-account for Fleet: Cash Items in the Process of Collection +$100 Checkable Deposits +$100 Fleet then deposits the check in its account at the Fed. The Fed transfers $100 from Citibank s account to Fleet s account. Now we can draw T-accounts for both Fleet and Citibank: Reserves +$100 Checkable Deposits +$100 CITIBANK Reserves -$100 Checkable Deposits -$100 Thus, when a bank receives additional deposits, it gains an equal amount of reserves. And when a bank loses deposits, it loses an equal amount of reserves. 2.3 Example 3 Consider Fleet Bank s situation after it receives $100 in checkable deposits and hence $100 in additional reserves. By law, Fleet must hold 10%, or $10, as required reserves. 7
9 The remaining $90 is excess reserves. Required Reserves +$10 Checkable Deposits +$100 Excess Reserves +$90 Since reserves pay no interest, and since Fleet is not required to hold excess reserves, it may decide to use the $90 to make a new loan to one of its other customers. Required Reserves +$10 Checkable Deposits +$100 Loans +$90 If Fleet charges a 10% interest rate on this loan, its revenues increase by $90 10%, or $9. If Fleet pays only 5% on its checking account balances, its costs increase by $100 5%, or $5. Hence, Fleet makes a profit from this process of asset transformation. Strictly speaking, however, a fraction of the salaries paid to the bank s tellers (who received thedeposit)andloanofficers (who made the loan), as well as a fraction of the costs of running the bank s branches, must be subtracted from this profit. 3 General Principles of Bank Management A bank manager has four basic concerns: Liquidity management = making sure that the bank has enough cash to cover depositors requests for withdrawals (deposit outflows). Asset management = acquiring assets with the highest return and the lowest risk. Liability management = acquiring funds at the lowest cost. Capital adequacy management = maintaining sufficient capital while still providing decent returns to shareholders. 8
10 3.1 Liquidity Management To illustrate the basic principles of liquidity management, let s consider two examples of how a bank can cope with deposit outflows Example 1 Suppose that the required reserve ratio is 10%, but that Fleet Bank holds some excess reservesaswell. Fleet s balance sheet is: Reserves $20 Checkable Deposits $100 Securities $10 Capital $10 Loans $80 Required reserves are $100 10%, or $10. So Fleet has $10 in excess reserves. Now suppose that Fleet experiences a deposit outflow, either because one of its customers withdraws $10 or because one of its customers writes a check for $10 on his or her account. We know from our previous analysis that, as a result of this transaction, Fleet loses $10 in deposits and $10 in reserves. Fleet s balance sheet is now: Reserves $10 Checkable Deposits $90 Securities $10 Capital $10 Loans $80 Required reserves are $90 10%, or $9. So Fleet is still meeting its reserve requirement and, in fact, still has $1 in excess reserves. This example shows that by holding excess reserves, a bank can cope with a deposit outflow without changing any other part of its balance sheet. 9
11 3.1.2 Example 2 Now suppose that the required reserve ratio is 10%, but Fleet holds no excess reserves. This time, Fleet s balance sheet is: Reserves $10 Checkable Deposits $100 Securities $10 Capital $10 Loans $90 Required reserves are $100 10%, or $10. Hence, excess reserves are $0. If Fleet experiences a $10 deposit outflow, it loses $10 in deposits and $10 in reserves. Now it s balance sheet is: Reserves $0 Checkable Deposits $90 Securities $10 Capital $10 Loans $90 By law, Fleet must hold $90 10%, or $9, in required reserves. But right now it has no reserves at all. Hence, Fleet s manager must take action to obtain $9 in reserves. Fleet has three options: Option 1: Borrow reserves as a discount loan from the Federal Reserve, borrow from another bank in the federal funds market, or borrow from a non-bank corporation by entering into a repurchase agreement. In this case, Fleet s balance sheet becomes: Reserves $9 Checkable Deposits $90 Securities $10 Borrowings $9 Loans $90 Capital $10 10
12 Thecostofchoosingthisoptionistheinterestrateontheborrowing. Option 2: Sell securities. In this case, Fleet s balance sheet becomes: Reserves $9 Checkable Deposits $90 Securities $1 Capital $10 Loans $90 The cost of choosing this option is the brokerage cost of selling securities. Also, the bank no longer gets the interest paid by the securities it sold. Option 3: Reduce its loans. In this case, Fleet s balance sheet becomes: Reserves $9 Checkable Deposits $90 Securities $10 Capital $10 Loans $81 This third option may be the most costly of all, since it might antagonize the bank s customers who want to borrow. Also, the bank no longer gets the interest that would have been paid by the borrower. Comparing examples 1 and 2 illustrates why a bank might hold some excess reserves even though reserves do not pay interest. If the bank does not hold excess reserves, it must meet deposit outflows by borrowing, selling securities, or reducing its loans. All of these options are costly; excess reserves provide insurance against these costs. 11
13 3.2 Asset Management The bank must hold a mix of assets that provides the highest return with the lowest risk. Thus, asset management involves four basic principles: 1. Finding borrowers who will pay high interest rates but who are unlikely to default. 2. Finding securities with high returns and low risk. 3. Diversifying the bank s asset holdings to minimize risk: holding many types of securities and making many types of loans offers protection when there are losses in one type of security or one type of loan. 4. Holding some liquid assets, including excess reserves and US Treasury bills ( secondary reserves ), to protect against deposit outflows, even though the interest rate on these assets may be lower. 3.3 Liability Management Checkable deposits are a bank s lowest-cost source of funds. But checkable deposits are unlikely to provide a bank with all of the funds that it needs. Thus, the bank may obtain additional funds at higher costs by issuing CDs or by borrowing from other banks (federal funds) or non-bank corporations (repurchase agreements). 3.4 Capital Adequacy Management Recall once again that Capital = - = Net Worth To understand the role played by bank capital, consider two more examples Example 1 Consider two banks, one with high capital and the other with low capital. Their balance sheets look like this: HIGH CAPITAL BANK Reserves $10 Checkable Deposits $90 Loans $90 Capital $10 12
14 LOW CAPITAL BANK Reserves $10 Checkable Deposits $96 Loans $90 Capital $4 Now suppose that both of these banks have made $5 loans to a company that goes bankrupt. The value of loans at both banks falls by $5. And since the value of their liabilities remains unchanged, both banks also lose $5 in capital. HIGH CAPITAL BANK Reserves $10 Checkable Deposits $90 Loans $85 Capital $5 LOW CAPITAL BANK Reserves $10 Checkable Deposits $96 Loans $85 Capital -$1 The high capital bank still has positive net worth. But the low capital bank is insolvent (bankrupt). This example shows how capital serves as a cushion against a drop in the value of the bank s assets Example 2 If capital is a cushion against a drop in the value of the bank s assets, then why don t all banks have high capital? To answer this question, let s consider the high capital bank again, before the $5 loan went bad: 13
15 HIGH CAPITAL BANK Reserves $10 Checkable Deposits $90 Loans $90 Capital $10 Suppose next that this bank receives $6 in new deposits, but instead of holding the $6 as additional excess reserves, loaning the money out, or buying securities, the bank decides to pay the $6 out as an extra dividend to its shareholders. Now the bank s balance sheet is: HIGH CAPITAL BANK Reserves $10 Checkable Deposits $96 Loans $90 Capital $4 This example shows that by lowering its level of capital, the bank can pay more dividends to its shareholders. Thus, the bank faces a trade-off: By maintaining more capital, it protects itself against a decline in the value of its assets. But by maintaining less capital, it can pay more dividends and thereby provide its shareholders with a better return on their investment. 4 Conclusion By looking at a bank s balance sheet, we can see how banks are involved in the process of asset transformation: they sell liabilities with one set of characteristics and use the proceeds to acquire assets with a different set of characteristics. By engaging in asset transformation, the bank hopes to profit by charging a higher interest rate on its assets than it must pay on its liabilities. Thus, a bank manager must be concerned with both asset management (acquiring assets with the highest return and the lowest risk) and liability management (acquiring funds at the lowest cost). 14
16 But a bank manager has to additional concerns as well: Liquidity management = making sure that the bank has enough cash to cover deposit outflows (hold some excess reserves, even though they do not pay interest). Capital adequacy management = maintaining sufficient capital as a cushion against a decline in the value of the bank s assets, while still providing a decent return to thebank sshareholders. 15
Chapter 12 Practice Problems 1. Bankers hold more liquid assets than most business firms. Why? The liabilities of business firms (money owed to others) is very rarely callable (meaning that it is required
The Monetary System Chapter CHAPTER CHECKLIST Define money and describe its functions. Money is any commodity or token that is generally accepted as a means of payment. Money serves as a medium of exchange,
Exam Name MULTIPLE CHOICE. Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1) The government agency that oversees the banking system and is responsible for the conduct
Macroeconomics Topic 6: Explain how the Federal Reserve and the banking system create money (i.e., the supply of money) Explain the factors that affect the demand for money. Reference: Gregory Mankiw s
Chapter 14. The Money Supply Process C H A P T E R O B J E C T I V E S By the end of this chapter, students should be able to: 1. Describe who determines the money supply. 2. Explain how the central bank
University of California, Merced EC 121-Money and Banking Chapter 2 Lecture otes Professor Jason Lee I. Introduction In economics, investment is defined as an increase in the capital stock. This is important
4 Macroeconomics LESSN 4 The Federal Reserve System and Its Tools Introduction and Description The focus of this lesson is the Federal Reserve System: how its actions relate to the money creation process
Chapter 2 Practice Problems MULTIPLE CHOICE. Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1) Assume that you borrow $2000 at 10% annual interest to finance a new
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND MARKETS T Chapter Summary Chapter Web he Web Chapter provides an overview of the various financial institutions and markets that serve managers of firms and investors who invest
SECOND MIDTERM EXAM EC26102: MONEY, BANKING AND FINANCIAL MARKETS FEBRUARY 25, 2004 This exam has 25 questions on five pages. Before you begin, please check to make sure that your copy has all 25 questions
0 Learning Objectives: 14.1 Describe the important of accounting and financial information. 14.2 Differentiate between managerial and financial accounting. 14.3 Identify the six steps of the accounting
THE MEANING OF MONEY. The Functions of Money. Money has three functions in the economy: The Functions of Money. The Functions of Money
In this chapter, look for the answers to these questions: What assets are considered money? What are the functions of money? The types of money? 11 What is the Federal Reserve? What role do banks play
Macroeconomics, 8e (Parkin) Testbank 1 Chapter 9 Money, the Price Level, and Inflation 9.1 What is Money? 1) The functions of money are A) medium of exchange and the ability to buy goods and services.
Adjusting and Closing Entries Adjusting and Closing entries tend to be difficult to grasp at first. A reason for this might be due to the type of transactions requiring adjustment, which tend to be unfamiliar.
MULTIPLE CHOICE. Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1) Of the four players in the money supply process, most observers agree that the most important player
Money, Banking, and the Federal Reserve System 1. For each of the following transactions, what is the initial effect (increase or decrease) on M1? On M2? a. You sell a few shares of stock and put the proceeds
Lecture 10: Money and the Federal Reserve System March 1, 2016 Prof. Wyatt Brooks THE BASIC TOOLS OF FINANCE 0 Question: What Backs US Money? Answer: Nothing. This is true of essentially every currency
Chapter 13 Money and Banking After reading Chapter 13, MONEY AND BANKING, you should be able to: Explain the three functions of money: Medium of Exchange, Unit of Account, Store of Value. Understand the
Bond Mutual Funds. a guide to. A bond mutual fund is an investment company. that pools money from shareholders and invests
a guide to Bond Mutual Funds A bond mutual fund is an investment company that pools money from shareholders and invests primarily in a diversified portfolio of bonds. Table of Contents What Is a Bond?...
Ipx!up!hfu!uif Dsfeju!zpv!Eftfswf Credit is the lifeblood of South Louisiana business, especially for the smaller firm. It helps the small business owner get started, obtain equipment, build inventory,
The Banking System and the Money Supply 2003 South-Western/Thomson Learning What Counts as Money MONEY Anything that is widely accepted as a means of payment What Counts as Money MONEY Anything that is
Answers to Concepts in Review 1. An investment is any asset into which funds can be placed with the expectation of preserving or increasing value and earning a positive rate of return. An investment can
Hmwk 14 1. Let's find out what counts as money. In this chapter, we used a typical definition of money: A widely accepted means of payment. Under this definition, which people are using money in the following
Managing Your Money C H A P T E R 6 a haircut. With $110 to spend, Sandra wrote seven checks totaling $90. Unfortunately for Sandra, she made a math error in entering one of her checks into her checkbook
9. Short-Term Liquidity Analysis. Operating Cash Conversion Cycle 9.1 Current Assets and 9.1.1 Cash A firm should maintain as little cash as possible, because cash is a nonproductive asset. It earns no
Homework 5: The Monetary System and Inflation Solutions 1. Be sure to read your copy of the Wall Street Journal every weekday, looking especially for items related to the material in this course. Find
C H A P T E R 1 0 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS AND WORKING CAPITAL ANALYSIS I N T R O D U C T I O N Historically, profit-oriented businesses have used the accrual basis of accounting in which the income statement,
Review for Exam 1 Instructions: Please read carefully The exam will have 21 multiple choice questions and 5 work problems. Questions in the multiple choice section will be either concept or calculation
Practice Problems on Money and Monetary Policy 1- Define money. How does the economist s use of this term differ from its everyday meaning? Money is the economist s term for assets that can be used in
ECON 4110: Money, Banking and the Macroeconomy Midterm Exam 2 Name: SID: MULTIPLE CHOICE. Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1) Which of the following
Chapter 11 The Central Bank Balance Sheet Problems and Solutions 1. In an effort to diversify, the Central Bank of China has decided to exchange some of its dollar reserves for euros. Follow the impact
CASH FLOW STATEMENT (AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT) - At the most fundamental level, firms do two different things: (i) They generate cash (ii) They spend it. Cash is generated by selling a product, an asset
Practice Problems Mods 25, 28, 29 Multiple Choice Identify the choice that best completes the statement or answers the question. Scenario 25-1 First National Bank First National Bank has $80 million in
Basic Banking When choosing a bank, you should look for a bank that offers the type of accounts and services you are looking for. You might look for convenience of branch locations, great customer service,
Accounts Payable are the total amounts your business owes its suppliers for goods and services purchased.
Accounts Payable are the total amounts your business owes its suppliers for goods and services purchased. Accounts Receivable are the total amounts customers owe your business for goods or services sold
CHAPTER 1 Simple Interest and Simple Discount Learning Objectives Money is invested or borrowed in thousands of transactions every day. When an investment is cashed in or when borrowed money is repaid,
By Jessica Huff The standard accounting equation is Assets=Liabilities + Stockholders Equity. Depending on which item someone is looking at will determine what the normal balance is. The normal balance
ab Loan Disclosure Statement Risk Factors You Should Consider Before Using Margin or Other Loans Secured by Your Securities Accounts This brochure is only a summary of certain risk factors you should consider
READING 1 The Money Market Timothy Q. Cook and Robert K. LaRoche The major purpose of financial markets is to transfer funds from lenders to borrowers. Financial market participants commonly distinguish
Chapter 13 Money and Banking Multiple Choice Questions Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question. 1. The most important function of money is (a) as a store of
Please do not hesitate to call if you have any questions as you fill out our questionnaire. Feel free to attach additional sheets if necessary.
Investor Knowledge Quiz A helpful guide to learning more about investing. An overwhelming 97 percent of investors realize they need to be better informed about investing. And nearly half said they could
Bookkeeping Tips & T Accounts Prepared by Accomp Services (www.accompservices.ca) Further valuable accounting and bookkeeping website resources are listed at the end of this document. A business is one
I strongly encourage you to work in groups and discuss your solutions, and only then write them down for me. This will save you time AND will improve your understanding of the subject. I do NOT advise
½ a mark for rounding up (6 marks) (b) There are a number of costs to the business associated with holding inventory:
SOLUTIONS TO EXERCISES Lesson 1: Definition of Accounting 1. What is accounting? What are its main functions? Accounting is the process of financially measuring, recording, summarizing and communicating
Answers to Chapter 5 Questions 1. First, money market instruments are generally sold in large denominations (often in units of $1 million to $10 million). Most money market participants want or need to
lesson twelve saving and investing overheads pay yourself first (a little can add up) example 1: Save this each week At % Interest In 10 years you ll have $7.00 5% $4,720 14.00 5% 9,440 21.00 5% 14,160
Financial Statements and Ratios: Notes 1. Uses of the income statement for evaluation Investors use the income statement to help judge their return on investment and creditors (lenders) use it to help
Current liabilities - Obligations that are due within one year. Obligations due beyond that period of time are classified as long-term liabilities.
Accounting Fundamentals Lesson 8 8.0 Liabilities Current liabilities - Obligations that are due within one year. Obligations due beyond that period of time are classified as long-term liabilities. Current
Financial Plan Assignments Assignments Open your copy of Learning Tool 5A: Investment Plan Example. Make sure you understand the terminology related to investment plans. I will discuss many aspects of
Pivotal Issues When Managing. Chapter 7. Cash and Receivables. Skyline College Lecture Notes. Cash Considerations. Cash Requirements.
Chapter 7 Cash and Receivables Skyline College Lecture Notes Pivotal Issues When Managing Cash and Receivables 1. Cash needs 2. Credit policies 3. Level of accounts receivable 4. Financing receivables
Introduction Money, Banking, and the Financial Sector Chapter 13 Real goods and services are exchanged in the real sector of the economy. For every real transaction, there is a financial transaction that
Balanced fund: A mutual fund with a mix of stocks and bonds. It offers safety of principal, regular income and modest growth.
Wealth for Life Glossary Aggressive growth fund: A mutual fund that aims for the highest capital gains. They often invest in smaller emerging companies that offer maximum growth potential. Adjustable Rate
EC 341 Monetary and Banking Institutions, Boston University Summer 2, 2012 Homework 3 Due date: Tuesday, July 31, 6:00 PM.
EC 341 Monetary and Banking Institutions, Boston University Summer 2, 2012 Homework 3 Due date: Tuesday, July 31, 6:00 PM. Problem 1 Questions 1, 4, 6, 8, 12, 13, 16, 18, 22, and 23 from Chapter 8. Solutions:
2P A R T Managing Your Liquidity Chapter 5 Banking and Interest Rates What bank services are most important to you? Which financial institution will provide the best bank services for you? Chapter 6 Managing
Practice Problems: Chapter 14 Money, Banking, and the Federal Reserve System 1. Money is: A) any asset the government says is money. B) any asset that can easily be used to purchase goods and services.
112 Allianz Group Annual Report Liquidity and Funding Resources Organization The liquidity management of the Allianz Group is based on policies and guidelines approved by the Board of Management of Allianz
business builder 4 how to prepare a cash flow statement zions business resource center zions business resource center 2 how to prepare a cash flow statement A cash flow statement is important to your business
What three main functions do they have? Reducing transaction costs, reducing financial risk, providing liquidity
Unit 4 Test Review KEY Savings, Investment and the Financial System 1. What is a financial intermediary? Explain how each of the following fulfills that role: Financial Intermediary: Transforms funds into
A guide to margin borrowing Before you borrow on margin, it is important to review your financial situation, investment objectives, risk tolerance, time horizon, diversification needs, and liquidity objectives
Evaluating Financial Performance Chapter 1 Return on Equity Why Use Ratios? It has been said that you must measure what you expect to manage and accomplish. Without measurement, you have no reference to
Often stock is split to lower the price per share so it is more accessible to investors. The stock split is not taxable.
Consolidated Summary Report < under US GAAP> for the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2001 Date: August 2, 2001 Company Name (code number) : Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group, Inc. (8306) (The Mitsubishi Trust
Catalyst/Princeton Floating Rate Income Fund Class A: CFRAX Class C: CFRCX Class I: CFRIX SUMMARY PROSPECTUS NOVEMBER 1, 2015 Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s complete prospectus, which
account statement a record of transactions in an account at a financial institution, usually provided each month
GLOSSARY GLOSSARY Following are definitions for key words as they are used in the financial life skills resource. They may have different or additional meanings in other contexts. A account an arrangement
1 Solwise Ltd. Quick set-up instructions for The Avois AV-3500 IP Phone The Solwise Forum is designed to be the first port-of-call for technical support and sales advice for the whole Solwise product range. Please check the forum for coverage on any technical problems you have. Many people have trodden your path before you, and a quick check on the forum will reduce the pressure on our support staff.
2 Notification is hereby given that Solwise Ltd. reserves the right to modify, change, update or revise this document from time to time as required without the prior obligation to notify any person, company or organization. Further, Solwise makes no warranty or representation, either express or implied, with respect to merchantability, or fitness of its products for a particular purpose. Solwise Ltd. 13/15 Springfield Way Anlaby Hull HU10 6RJ UK Tel (local rate) Fax Http
4 AV-3500 IP Phone 1 Introduction This is User s Guide for the AV-3500 IP Phone. Before using the AV-3500 IP PHONE, some basic setup processes are required to make the phone work properly. You should at least setup the IP address of IP PHONE and router when DHCP is disabled. When DHCP server is available, you can skip the process of setting up IP PHONE IP address. (Please refer to Setup Menu for further information.) 2 Connections The figure shows the cable connections on the rear of the AV-3500 IP Phone. Apart from the power connection you should also use the BT phone cable supplied to connect your IP phone to the BT analogue phone line. Also connect the LAN port to your IP network this could be either a local LAN or direct connection to a cable modem service or to an internet router. 3 Dialing There are 4 different dialing methods in using the AV-3500 IP Phone. Dial IP address directly (e.g ). To use this method dial the IP address using the syntax 210*244*26*111# - substitute the correct IP address accordingly. If you don t put a # on the end of the line then the call will be made after a two second delay (to ensure you ve typed the whole number in). Dial extension number when Gatekeeper is available (e.g. 207) Dial through VOIP Gateway to PSTN (when a Gateway device is available at the destination site e.g. * ) The difference of Dial extension number and Dial through VoIP Gateway is that dialing number starts with *1 to *5 will go through Gateway and thus make it a call to PSTN. (Please refer to Setup Menu for detail description regarding how to setup Gateway) Dialing through PSTN in order to dial a normal land line number (e.g ). Simply lift the handset and dial the number as normal. Please note you must setup the PSTN Prefix value to <null> to dial this way see Setting the PSTN Prefix below. When you are engaged on a VoIP call and a PSTN call is made to the PSTN number that the caller hears the normal BT - 1 -
5 ringing noise and the HOLD LED on the phone goes on. If you want to accept the PSTN call you must first hang up the VoIP call. When you have done this the IP Phone will ring for the incoming PSTN call as normal which you can then accept by lifting the handset. Pickup the handset Speaker Input IP or TEL # Press Redial button Press OK or #Key Or wait for a short period of time Redial Dial Please refer to speed dialing P-Book Please refer to Phone book dialing
6 MENU NAME: Gary 4 Setup Menu Setup the name of the phone DHCP: Disable ADSL DIALUP: NO Setup DHCP mode (Enable or Disable switched by or key) Setup ADSL Dialup mode (for Support PPPoE NOT in the UK). Enable or Disable switched by or key Note*: If you select ADSL DIALUP to YES, please complete the settings as required IP Share : NAT Setup the LAN IP address of the IP share to provide the virtual IP address for Internet access. This sets the address of the phone on the PC port (see Connections above) IP Address : Setup IP address You don t have to setup the IP address if DHCP is enabled but you do when DHCP is disabled Router IP : Setup router IP address. You have to setup router IP address. However, if you just want to do testing within the LAN, set the router IP to is recommended. You don t have to setup the router IP address if DHCP is enabled. Use or arrow key to switch among stages Subnet Mask SNTP Server IP: Setup subnet mask. The default subnet mask is (class C network). You have to modify it depends on the configuration of your network. You don t have to setup the subnet if DHCP is enabled. Setup SNTP (Simple Network Time Protocol) This function allow IP Phone to get Time from Internet DATE: --/--/-- TIME: --:--:-- Setup the date (year/month/day) e.g. 99/11/30 Setup the time (hour: minute:second) e.g. 14:53:20 Only need when SNTP is not available Time Zone GMT + 0:00 Setup the Time Zone Gatekeeper NO Enable or Disable Gatekeeper by or key Note*:If you select Gatekeeper to YES, please complete the setting as note2 Default Codec G Gateway #1 IP Setup the highest priority of the voice codec for this phone. (G.711ALaw/ G.711ULaw/ G.723.1) You could use, key to choose. Setup gateway IP address If you want to dial to PSTN network, the VOIP gateway IP address has to be set. There are total 5 gateways from #1 to #5 MAC Address : 00D0E90022E4 Show the MAC of the machine. Version: IP Phone V2.00 Show the version of the firmware MENU You can exit the Setup Menu anytime by press MENU key again. UPDATE CHANGES? <OK> or <Cancel> Press the OK key to save and Cancel key to ignore the changes - 3 -
8 5.1 Setup The Speed Dial Keys 5 Speed Dial SPEED Dial Please select Speed dial key Press any button from M1 to M10 to select Phone number: The system will display the previous setting first (Blank if no previous setting.). K 1 Press OK to end speed dial mode and save the changes. 5.2 Using the Speed Dial Keys Press any button of the speed dial keys from M1 to M10 to dial 6 Phone Book Every record inside the phone book includes 2 fields: Name, Phone number. Name: *** Phone num: Name: xxx Phone num: The Name field is the primary key of the record and Phone number is the field you can use to store extension number, PSTN number or IP address. Phone book records are sorted by Name automatically. The functions like search, add, delete records can be helpful to update your personal phone book
11 Note ** : Only OK key will save the OGM msg. 10 Volume Adjustment VOLUME If on the hook If off the hook Speaker Volume Handset Volume After adjusting the volume, press any key or wait a short while, the system will return to its original state. 11 IP Call Transfer This function is available only when both IP phones support H.450 call transfer. Upon placing a phone call, you can use call transfer function to transfer the call to other person. For example: when A is talking to B, A could press FLASH key and the display will show Transfer to. A can enter the IP address of C and A is talking to C. After A hanging up the phone, C can talk with B. 12 IP Share / NAT This function allows IP phone and PC to share the same IP address. For example: You may only have one real IP address assigned by ISP. After putting this real IP address in IP Address and setup the IP Share / NAT to , you can then configure the network environment of PC as follows, Fixed IP address: Subnet mask: Gateway IP address: (Same value of IP Share / NAT ) Set DNS to a well-known Domain Name Server, e.g Call Forward (between IP/PSTN) The AV-3500 IP phone can be setup to forward IP calls to a PSTN number or PSTN to and IP number. The setting for the Gateway function Call Forward: Enable Toggle between Call Forward Enable and Disable. PSTN to IP: Setup the IP address for Call Forward from PSTN to IP - 8 -
12 IP to PSTN: Setup the phone number for Call Forward from IP to PSTN Demo :45:59 Back to normal mode. 14 Busy Tone setting Since the busy tone might be different from country to country, make sure to setup your IP Phone s busy tone for different PSTN environments. Tone setting: Select proper tone setup by arrow keys America: You could use, key to choose different country. User defined Press OK to enter User defined mode then setup the ms for on /off interval. 15 Gateway/Phone Mode This IP phone supports Gateway mode or Phone mode. Set this IP Phone to Gateway mode if you want to forward the incoming PSTN call to another IP phone. Otherwise, setup your IP Phone to Phone mode. 1. Set as phone 2. Set as GW Press 1 or 2 for gateway or phone mode Use Func and * button to scroll through the display modes Demo :45:59-9 -
13 16 Setup from Web Browser Your IP phone can also be setup by using a web browser, such as Microsoft IE, Netscape. Please note you must first of all check/set the phones IP address using the Menu function on the phone. Then, within the web browser, type in the IP Phone s IP address using to get into web page of IP Phone. A new page will appear, which will allow you to enter all of the IP Phone s setup parameters. Once complete, press submit to save the settings
14 17 Setting the external line flash time To adjust the duration of the external flash signal then you need to go into the Advance IP Phone Configuration and set the Flash/Hook Switch Interval (see above). For UK use on a BT analogue phone line this should be set to any value from 62 to Setting the PSTN Prefix By default the AV-3500 requires you to enter *0 as a prefix for all PSTN calls. This is messy! You can alter this setting in the phone setup to <null>. This then means that the phone will allow you to dial PSTN numbers normally without any special prefix. To do this go into the Advanced setup and go to the Option called Prefix PSTN, VoIP, GW#1~#5. Change this entry to <null>,#,*1~*5. The click on Submit to store the settings
15 19 Re-Setting to the Default settings To completely reset the IP Phone to the factory default settings (e.g. you may need to do this if you set a configuration access password but forget the setting). Pick up the handset and dial 255*000[ok][ok][ok]. Obviously you will have to reenter all of your settings after doing this reset. 20 Doing a firmware upgrade From time to time new firmware may be released for your AV-3500 IP phone which adds new features. To do a firmware upgrade you need to use a tftp programme (these are readily available as shareware or supplied with Windows). e.g. using the standard Windows tftp.exe programme use following commands : tftp -i [ip phone_address] put [firmware_file] For example C:\temp>tftp -i put p21v252.rom Transfer successful: bytes in 1 second, bytes/s C:\temp> You should then do a configuration reset (see above) please note you will then have to renter your configuration settings
Key Feature New Feature Remote Maintenance: phone can be diagnosed and configured by remote. Zero Config: automated provisioning and software upgrading even through firewall/nat. Centralized Management:
PLANET is a registered trademark of PLANET Technology Corp. All other trademarks belong to their respective owners.
VoIP 110R/200R/422R/404R/440R User s Guide Trademarks Contents are subject to revise without prior notice. All trademarks belong to their respective owners. FCC Warning This equipment has been tested and
Voice User Guide Model No. SPA3102 Copyright and Trademarks Specifications are subject to change without notice. Linksys is a registered trademark or trademark of Cisco Systems, Inc. and/or its affiliates
SIP-T22P User s Guide Thank you for choosing this T-22 Enterprise IP Phone. This phone is especially designed for active users in the office environment. It features fashionable and sleek design, and abundant
SMCDSP-200/SMCDSP-205 Series VoIP Phone Administration Guide SMC s Limited WARRANTY Limited Warranty Statement: SMC Networks, Inc. ("SMC") warrants its products to be free from defects in workmanship and
GSM VOIP GATEWAY GB 400 010 with GSM module Two-way converter between VoIP and GSM User Guide LEVEL 2 Dear customers, Congratulations on purchasing our product - GSM Gateway GB 400 010. You have acquired
Broadband Router ESG-103 User s Guide FCC Warning This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for Class A & Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC rules. These limits
Chapter 3 Connecting the Router to the Internet This chapter describes how to set up the router on your Local Area Network (LAN) and connect to the Internet. It describes how to configure your DG834GT
Chapter 2 Managing Your Modem Router This chapter describes how to perform management tasks on your ADSL2+ Modem Router DM111PUSP. To use the features described in this chapter, log in to the modem router
Application Note. IP8000 Conference Phone Configuration Guide. Table of Contents. Overview. Requirements. ST-10010 October 25, 2007
Application Note ST-10010 October 25, 2007 IP8000 Conference Phone Configuration Guide This application note provides the details on adding the IP8000 conference phone to the ShoreTel IP phone system.
User Manual 821121-ATA-PAK IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS When using your telephone equipment, basic safety precautions should always be followed to reduce the risk of fire, electric shock and injury to
VOIP-211RS/210RS/220RS/440S SIP VoIP Router User s Guide Trademarks Contents are subject to revise without prior notice. All trademarks belong to their respective owners. FCC Warning This equipment has
Phone Adapter. with 2 Ports for Voice-over-IP. Installation and Troubleshooting Guide. Model No. PAP2 Ver. 2. Voice
Phone Adapter with 2 Ports for Voice-over-IP Voice Installation and Troubleshooting Guide Model No. PAP2 Ver. 2 Copyright and Trademarks Specifications are subject to change without notice. Linksys is
User Manual Welcome Unleash Your Phone For assistance with installation or troubleshooting common problems, please refer to this User Manual or Quick Installation Guide. Please visit www.vonage.com/vta
Linksys PAP2T Configuration with VirtualPBX The Linksys PAP2T is an inexpensive ATA device that connects to the internet and registers with your Virtual PBX extension, allowing you to use any analog phone
IMPORTANT NOTICE CONCERNING EMERGENCY 911 SERVICES Your service provider, not the manufacturer of the equipment, is responsible for the provision of phone services through this equipment. Any services
Introduction to your V-IP Featurephone The V-IP Featurehone provides the same functionality as the BT Versatility Featurephone. It can be connected directly to the BT Versatility system or installed at
NF1Adv VOIP Setup Guide (for Pennytel) Configuring your NF1Adv for VOIP Service The following steps will take you through the process of setting up your VOIP connection. Step 1: Checking Computer Network
1 GXP-2020 6-line SIP Enterprise Phone Quick Installation Guide WARNING: Please DO NOT power cycle the GXP-2020 when LED lights are flashing during system boot up or firmware upgrade. You may corrupt firmware
AudioCodes MP-20x Telephone Adapter Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Page 2 AudioCodes Customer Support Table of Contents Introduction... 6 Frequently Asked Questions... 7 Web Access... 7 Q1: How must
Epidemiological studies of religious behaviours and health in the Nord-Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT 3), Norway
Download "Epidemiological studies of religious behaviours and health in the Nord-Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT 3), Norway"
1 Torgeir Sørensen Epidemiological studies of religious behaviours and health in the Nord-Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT 3), Norway PhD Thesis MF Norwegian School of Theology, Oslo 2012
3 Contents Acknowledgements 5 List of papers 7 Summary 9 1. Background 13 A personal approach 13 Religion and health as a theme of interest throughout the centuries 14 Religion and health research 15 In the beginning 15 The Allport tradition 16 Religious coping 17 The emerging era from Norwegian religion and health research 21 Possible explanations for relationships between religion and health 22 Religion and physical health 24 Religion, cancer and quality of life 26 Religion and mental health 28 Objective(s) Material and Methods 32 Concepts 32 Religion 32 Health 34 Epidemiology informed by and relevant to psychology of religion 36 Theory of science 37 Normative aspects 40 Ethics 41 Material 42 Environment religiousness in Nord-Trøndelag County, Norway 42 Data source the HUNT Study 46 Samples Paper I, II and IV 46 Samples Paper III 47 Variables 48 Assessment of items applicability and choice of exposure variables (independent) 48
5 Acknowledgements I am sitting on the veranda of our cabin in Vera at spring time writing these first (or last) lines of my thesis. The snow is about to melt and the small stream murmurs. As the landscape emerges from a long, cold and dark winter, the sun heats me up and sheds light on this scenery of Nord-Trøndelag. I am thinking that the delivery is close - in several ways. Later on, maybe a red tractor will stop by with my good friend Arve coming out for a cup of coffee, reminding me of the other inhabitants in this county participating in the HUNT 3 Study. What would my thesis be if not all of these people had shared their time and sincerity regarding a huge amount of personal sensitive information? Thanks to HUNT Research Centre and all staff there for including the religiousness items in the HUNT 3 Study, for hosting me in the three months period when my project protocol was written, for awakening the interest for research in me, and last but not least for providing data for my project. Thanks to MF Norwegian School of Theology for funding four years of research, hosting me in its PhD-programme, accommodating me with an excellent office, exceptional IT-resources, and an outstanding library. Thanks to the department of research at Innlandet Hospital Trust for giving me a 20% position in three years at Centre for Psychology of Religion, Sanderud, and granting me funding for publication of data. Thanks also to Eckbo s legater for financial support. I have always considered this interdisciplinary project as a team work. I am very grateful to my supervisor prof. Lars Johan Danbolt, PhD (Centre for Psychology of Religion, and MF Norwegian School of Theology) for his continues encouragements and for his view that everything will turn out just fine. To co-supervisor prof. Jostein Holmen, MD, PhD (HUNT Research Centre, NTNU), for including me in the HUNT-family, for his everlasting patience, and thorough responses. To co-supervisor prof. Lars Lien, MD, PhD (University of Oslo, Center for dual diagnoses, and Innlandet Hospital Trust), for his obligingness and for his quick and pronounced replies. It has also been a pleasure to extend the team with other excellent scholars as co-authors on different papers. Thanks to prof. Harold G. Koenig, MD, PhD (Duke University Medical Center, NC, USA), for sharing his accumulated knowledge from the religion and health field 5
6 the last 25 years, and for never being more than five minutes away on mail. I am in debt to prof. Sophie D. Fosså, MD, PhD and prof. Alv A. Dahl, MD, PhD (both at National Resource Centre for Late Effects after Cancer Treatment, Oslo University Hospital, Radiumhospitalet), for their contribution to the cancer-paper. And statistician Tore Wenzel-Larsen made important efforts on two of the papers giving hands-on supervision. Several people have been supporters all the way. Thanks to dean Per Halstein Nielsen and vicar/dean Nils Åge Aune, my good colleagues in Verdal back in 2004, for the idea and mutual encouragement working towards inclusion of the religiousness items in HUNT 3. Prof. Hans Stifoss-Hanssen (Diakonhjemmet University College) and prof. Leif Gunnar Engedal (MF Norwegian School of Theology) have participated at the national seminar for psychologists of religion and given valuable feedback on presentations together with PhD Tor Torbjørnsen and the other PhD-candidates. Thank you very much to everyone else, colleagues, relatives, and friends, who gave their encouragements. At the cabin, just now, our oldest daughter Ingrid is fetching milk on the nearby farm for the waffles we are having in the afternoon, Ola is doing some carpentry next to me on the veranda, Johanne is running around just smiling, while my wife Ingvild, a bit unyielding, is taking the last skiing trip for the season. I am truly grateful for them being around me. There are some advantages from having a wife who knows how to merge files and who knows what it takes to get a paper published. But first and foremost she is my best friend. An imaginary spring at Sisselvollkoia in Vera, somewhere in Nord-Trøndelag Torgeir Sørensen 6
9 Summary The main objective for this thesis was to investigate, in a Norwegian context, relationships between attendance at a church/prayer house and seeking God s help for strength and solace on the one side, and different health factors on the other. Possible relationships between religion and health have not been investigated with population-based large data sets in Norway before, and hardly ever in a North-European context. Therefore, the approach was explorative and attempted to cover the largest disease groups: cardiovascular diseases and lifestyle, cancer, and mental health. Initially, an introduction regarding religiousness and worldview in the third wave of the Nord-Trøndelag Health Study (the HUNT 3 Study) was made, together with an assessment of their applicability for this kind of research (Paper I). In Paper II, the aim was to investigate the relationship between religious attendance and diastolic and systolic blood pressure in a large Norwegian sample. In Paper III, the variable I seek God s help when I need strength and solace and its relation to the time since a cancer diagnosis among patients was investigated, in addition to its association with life satisfaction for all cancer types, and disease-specific quality of life for patients with breast, prostate and colorectal cancer. Finally, the relationship between attending a church/prayer house and depressive symptoms was investigated, with an analysis of whether or not this relationship was moderated by the death of a close family member (Paper IV). One central finding in the thesis was that attendance at a church/prayer house was associated with lower systolic as well as lower diastolic blood pressure, the latter displayed with gradients in both genders (Paper II). In the cancer study (Paper III), there was an increased prevalence of seeking God s help, which decreased after follow-up of more than five years in men, but not in women. However, there were no significant associations either between seeking God s help for strength and solace and life satisfaction among all cancer patients, or between seeking God s help and disease-specific quality of life among breast, prostate or colorectal cancer patients. In the last study (Paper IV), attending a church/prayer house was significantly and inversely related to symptoms of depression. Death of an immediate family member interacted with attendance at religious services. Consequently, the inverse relationship between religious attendance and depressive symptoms was strongest among those who had lost an immediate family member in the previous 12 months, especially among men. 9
10 In public health and epidemiology research, investigators search for risk factors that contribute to poor health outcomes. At the same time, protecting and promoting health are also emphasised. Among several other themes, researchers have also looked into religion and religious activity, and have investigated whether religious factors are associated with health, either negatively or positively. Thus, religion and health research has been an emerging research field internationally, especially in the last three decades. Because the Nord-Trøndelag Health Study (The HUNT Study) included items of religiousness and worldview in its third wave (HUNT 3, ), it was possible to investigate relationships between religion and health in a Norwegian context. The HUNT Study provides for large-scale public health research with numerous health and health-related variables, mapping both mental and physical health status, quality of life and risk factors, as well as health-promoting factors for the whole population in the county of Nord-Trøndelag, in Central Norway. Through its three waves (HUNT 1, ; HUNT 2, ; HUNT 3, ), data from 120,000 persons have been obtained. In HUNT 3, 50,405 people 20 years old and older participated. Of these, 37,981 participants (21,247 women and 16,734 men) responded to the question about attendance at a church/prayer house, which constituted the samples in Paper II and Paper IV. Between 36,280 and 40,031 participants rated items regarding religiousness and worldview affiliation presented in Paper I. The basis for the sampling in Paper III was the 2,777 participants in HUNT 3 with a record in the Cancer Registry of Norway (CRN, 2012). Most previous religion and health research has been conducted in the USA. Norwegian research in the field should be welcome, since religious and cultural environments appear to be quite different from continent to continent. Typical for the Norwegian context, and especially for Nord-Trøndelag County, is its folk-church environment, with high membership, but low rates of weekly attendance compared to other countries. Compared to Americans, less Norwegians believe in God, and even less Norwegians have faith in a personal God. This makes Norway an interesting environment for investigations regarding religion and health, and for comparisons with earlier findings. 10
11 In the current population, religiousness was measured only once, which allowed for a crosssectional research design. Frequency distribution was considered to derive the characteristics of the sample, and cross-tabulations, one-way ANOVAs, t-tests and Pearson correlations were performed to describe bivariate relationships among variables. When associations between religiousness and the selected aspects of health were investigated, regression analyses were applied, with adjustments for socio-demographic factors together with other relevant control variables. This thesis represents a first step in a systematic composition of knowledge regarding the relationship between religion and health in a Norwegian context using an epidemiologic approach to population-based data. The cross-sectional design of this current work represents pure research and shows significant relationships between religiousness and both physical and mental health. However, an obvious limitation concerning the research design is the missing possibility to demonstrate any causal direction between the variables included in the analyses. The thesis includes suggestions for further research strategies, and possible implications are also discussed. 11
13 1. Background A personal approach For eight years, from , I served as a vicar in several parishes in Verdal, Nord- Trøndelag County, Norway. I held services every Sunday. Some days the church was full; other days only a handful of people participated. I followed the church members, who were inhabitants in the area, through joy and sorrow, in life and death. The high level of attendance related to baptism, confirmation, funerals, and also to some extent weddings was striking. The inhabitants in the parishes seemed to be strongly connected with their local church, and this was brought to light especially when it came to rites of passage and other occasions when they were especially invited. At the same time, it seemed difficult for these people to articulate the significance of church. Even among those attending services, it was not common for them to put their beliefs into words. So, in fact, as a vicar I did not know very much about the religious life of church members except that they came to church. I did not know what function their religion had, what it meant to them, or whether religious life was a help in their everyday lives. In 2004, the HUNT Research Centre (HUNT Research Centre, 2012), situated in Verdal at that time, was planning the third wave (HUNT 3) of its population-based health survey. My colleagues and I started discussions with the HUNT Research Centre, arguing that the HUNT Study should include questions about religion and worldviews because a holistic view is among several factors, including religious practices that could be important for health. As a result of these discussions, a group including science scholars covering the psychology of religion and medicine, in addition to a colleague and I, was established to work with relevant religious and worldview perspectives to be included in the HUNT 3 Study. Finally, five items were accepted by the HUNT Research Centre and were included in the HUNT 3 survey. The question was how the religious variables would work, whether data from the HUNT 3 Study could generate new knowledge, would include some of my questions regarding the religious life of church members, and would give some perspectives on the function of religious life for the inhabitants of Nord-Trøndelag County, Norway. 13
14 Religion and health as a theme of interest throughout the centuries As long as there has been human life, there has also been interest in health and religion. From ancient times religious leaders like priests, shamans, and wizards had, in addition to the keeping of faith and contact with the gods, responsibilities as mediums for healing (Koenig et al., 2012). Despite quite varied religious origins, it was thought that health depended on the gods, spirits, ancestors, or evil powers. The practice of laying on of hands, the use of herbs and amulets in the service of healing is known in notes from the old cultures of, for instance, Egypt and Mesopotamia, as well as from India and China in pre-christian times (Prioreschi, 1995). It is clear that both religious rituals and natural methods were used to address health issues. In the Western world, from the first centuries AD, a paradigm shift occurred in the development of Christianity. Among Christians, caring for the sick, rather than curing their illnesses, became the most important issue. This was based on the Christian teachings and sayings in the Bible, where care for those in need was one of the most profound requests. Subsequently, in the middle of the fourth century, a hospital funded by Orthodox Christians was established in Asia Minor. Two hundred years later, Benedict of Nursia wrote his rule on prayer and labour. In the prolongation monks and nuns dedicated their lives to their God and to serve the sick. Later on, in the eleventh century, monks learned about Greek medicine and established the first medical school in Italy. Thus, medicine became part of the university, run by clerics and church (Koenig et al., 2012:19-23). A typical example of the link between religion and health in a Norwegian setting arose in the Middle Ages, when special interest emerged in Norway, and later on throughout Europe, regarding the sacred places linked to St. Olav. Stiklestad in Nord-Trøndelag County, where St. Olav died in 1030 AD, and Trondheim, where his body was kept in a shrine in the cathedral, became important. Due to the tradition of wonders related to St. Olav s death and the time after, people made pilgrimages to these sacred places for healing the body as well as the soul (Sturluson, 1979:445). Even though medicine became a profession of its own during the Middle Ages, and the clergy concentrated more on their theological duties than on medicine later on, Christians and the Church were still strongly involved in diaconal care for the sick and the indigent. In Norway 14
15 in the second half of the nineteenth century, for example, the education of nurses was established by deaconess Cathinka Guldberg, in close cooperation with the Christiania home mission (Munkeby, 2008). Throughout the centuries, people have maintained an interest in religion and health together, and these important aspects of people s lives have been interwoven on several levels. In the Western tradition, this relationship has been motivated through Christian care for the sick and respect for their faith. However, wider religious references have emerged in later years through the ritualisation of healing, for instance from a New Age perspective (Danbolt & Stifoss-Hanssen, 2007:56). Additionally, in relation to demanding events and catastrophes in Norway, new practices have arisen regarding seeking God, sacred places, rituals, etc. Such practices, and the psychological and healing function of rituals, have been observed and discussed (Danbolt & Stifoss-Hanssen, 2007; Stifoss-Hanssen, 2001). The development of natural science placed research on subjectivity and religious experience in the shadow during large parts of the twentieth century. But, as described below, a new era may have emerged, at least with respect to research, concerning the relationship between religion and health. What remains to be seen is what impact the generated knowledge will have on further epidemiological research and on a longer perspective on different practices, for instance in clinical settings and in practical theology. Religion and health research In the beginning Throughout the last hundred years some milestones have been important for the development of religion and health research, some of which will be presented below. As a theme for research its history goes back to between the 19 th and the 20 th century (Wulff, 1997:23-30). At that time, the field of psychology arose as a separate discipline, growing out of philosophy. Interestingly, the pioneers were already interested in religious experience and the function of religion as it relates to psychology. The psychologist Edwin Starbuck established the quantitative paradigm, tracing conversion and religious development through questionnaires (Wulff 1997:26). In the first scientific paper written in the field of the psychology of religion, psychologist James Henry Leuba (1896) characterised religious experience as naive and illusory because, according to him, it lacks a transcendent object. He also argued that mystical 15
16 experiences could be explained by psychosocial processes. The Harvard psychologist and philosopher William James had a more positive approach towards religion s state within psychology, which was presented in the classic The Varieties of Religious Experience (James, 1902). Through a qualitative design, he established a descriptive approach to religious phenomena. Fundamental for James was that mental states are dependent on bodily states (Wulff, 1997:27). Further, he made a distinction between healthy ( once-born spirit) and unhealthy ( twice-born spirit) religiousness (Wulff, 1997:491). This distinction between positive and negative types of religiousness and their impact on mental health was to be followed by other researchers in the field. The psychoanalytic tradition of Sigmund Freud also made important contributions to issues of religion and health, but it is left out here due to space limitations and because its methods, interwoven with clinical practice, deviate from religion and health research in general. The Allport tradition In the 1950s, there was renewed interest in the objectifying paradigm (Engedal, 2011:214) and the religion and mental health research field. Gordon Allport (1950) developed sophisticated standardised questionnaires describing religiousness and its relationship with mental health. As such, Allport emphasised the cognitive aspects of religion. Through his instruments he was able to measure what he called extrinsic and intrinsic religiousness. Extrinsic religiosity was characterised as instrumental, self-oriented, dependent on authorities, prejudiced and immature. On the other hand, intrinsic religiosity was described as integrated, personal, authentic and mature. Extending the Allport tradition, a third construct of religiousness, the quest, was introduced by Batson and colleagues (Batson et al., 1993:169), and emphasised the individual s religion and its involvement in an open-ended responsive dialogue with existential questions raised by the contradictions and tragedies of life. These three different approaches to religiousness represent quite different relationships to mental health. Integrated intrinsic religiousness may have a protective function towards mental health problems, and can be of help for persons with serious problems, for instance related to anxiety (Shreve-Neiger et al., 2004). A firm conviction and a clear worldview may provide a determined direction for life when other factors are demanding. Those living within the borders of normal variations, the non-pathological variations of mental health, would benefit from the quest approach to life. People who adopt this approach towards religion and 16
17 life tend to experience better than average mental health (Stifoss-Hanssen, 1992). In general, the extrinsic approach towards religiousness contributes to worse than average mental health (Stifoss-Hanssen & Kallenberg, 1996:48). This is seen related to hospitalisation and diagnoses, as well as when rigid religiousness is seen in relation to the positive features of mental health, such as flexibility, or realizing one s potentials. On these grounds, it could be said that an ideal religious approach would be a combination of an integrated intrinsic religiousness, with its determined orientation, and the religiousness of the quest, with its willing view outwards in order to gain self-realization and flexibility (Stifoss-Hanssen & Kallenberg, 1998:70). Religious coping The strict categorisation of religiousness in the Allport tradition can be criticised for being just that, too categorical. Religion as a construct is too complicated to be defined in only three different groups, particularly when considering its relation to health. With that in mind, religious coping as an alternative approach was developed by Kenneth Pargament (1997). He emphasised that religion, together with coping, is seen as a multidimensional process. Religion is not merely static, traditional and ritual. According to Pargament, religion must also be seen in a physical, mental, social and spiritual context, because people constantly search for significance within these dimensions. Positive helpful religious coping reflects a confident relationship with a transcendent God or deity, a conviction that life has a meaning beyond the limits of the senses, and relationships with others in a social setting tied together by a common belief. With a negative harmful religious coping approach, people see the world as threatening and they struggle with religion in order to find and conserve significance in life (Pargament et al., 1998). Several studies have found positive religious coping to be significantly associated with desirable mental health indicators, such as optimism, and less severe stress symptoms, like numbness and avoidance (Pargament & Raiya, 2007). A meta-analysis of 49 studies also concluded that positive religious coping was related to positive psychological adjustment to stress (Ano & Vasconcelles, 2005). Negative religious coping, on the other hand, is related to negative health outcomes. In a longitudinal study, negative religious coping was associated with a higher risk of dying 17
18 (Pargament et al., 2001). This was especially true for people who felt that God had abandoned them and were uncertain about whether they were loved and cared for by God. Among cancer patients, negative religious coping (struggling with faith) was significantly related to poorer functioning in the areas of depression, distress, mental health, and pain and fatigue, after controlling for relevant variables (Sherman et al., 2005). In another cancer study, negative religious coping was associated with higher levels of depression, anxiety, pain severity and frequency, and poorer overall physical well-being (Cole, 2005). Pargament argued in favour of a direct connection between religion and health outcomes (Pargament & Raiya, 2007). This is due to numerous investigations of the relationship between religion and health that adjusted for all available relevant control-variables, and still found a significant association in multivariate analyses. In meta-analysis, this association is found with regard to religious involvement and lower mortality (McCullough et al., 2000). Another example is where religious coping predicts the degree of life satisfaction (Tix & Frazier, 1998). According to Pargament, a brief explanation of these relationships is that religion is a distinct dimension playing an independent role in life. Religious coping can also function as a mediating factor in relationships between religion and physical health, as religious coping may foster adaptive health behaviours that can lead to stress-related personal growth, as well as improved physical health (Oman & Thoresen, 2005). Since physical and mental health issues may be connected (see below), religious coping can serve as a complement to non-religious coping, offering resources beyond personal powers through connection with the transcendent (Pargament, 1997:310). Those who collaborate with God when facing demanding events in life may experience better outcomes than those who are passive towards problems, or those who approach stressful events through self-directive coping styles (Pargament, 1997:294). Even though the instrument for religious coping, RCOPE (Fetzer Institute, 2003), is utilised in Scandinavia (Ahmadi, 2006), adaption of this instrument to a Scandinavian context can be challenging. Religion and religion and health research depend on cultural context, as mentioned in the Discussion section of this thesis (DeMarinis, 2011). For instance, the wording of the items in RCOPE may not find echoes among the majority of the Scandinavian population to the same extent as in the USA. Especially in the homogenous folk-church 18
19 environments, such as in Nord-Trøndelag County in Central Norway, most people seem to find it difficult to identify with expressions like finding comfort in reading the Bible, or being punished by God. Still, more than half of this population prays to God and attends church at least once every six months. At the same time, RCOPE could be relevant for the most religious, but not necessarily for a whole population. Pargament is one of the most important contributors to the new era of the psychology of religion that emerged in the 1980s (Wulff, 1997:249). Although his theory has been considered suitable for qualitative research (Ekedal, 2002; Torbjørnsen, 2011), Pargament finds a natural place within what has been characterised as the measurement paradigm (Wulff, 2003) utilising quantitative methods. The emerging era from 1980 From the 1980s onwards, research in the field of religion and health developed extensively utilising empirical quantifiable measurements (Engedal, 2011; Koenig et al., 2001; Koenig et al., 2012; Paloutzian & Emmons, 2010). Illustrative of the expansion of religion and health research from this time on is the conceptualisation and operationalisation of religion, as well as the development of a wide range of instruments suitable for research on associations between religion and health (Fetzer Institute, 2003; Hill & Hood, 1999). At the same time, the field appeared as interdisciplinary, engaging social sciences like psychology, sociology, and anthropology; humanities like theology; and natural sciences like medicine. A quantitative approach to the objectifying paradigm has dominated the field (Engedal, 2011). Even though qualitative research, as well as mixed methods, is used in this research (Belzen & Hood, 2010), the body of research is derived from quantitative studies. For this thesis, the quantitative research approach was chosen in order to compare the thesis findings with other studies in the field. The typical approach in quantitative religion and health research has been to study the relationship between aspects of religion and selected health factors, controlling for sociodemographic variables and other relevant factors. Consequently, associations between most religious phenomena, like belief, affiliation, activity, etc., and a wide range of the most common physical and mental health factors are listed in the research-body of religion and health. 19
20 A vast majority of the research in the field of religion and health is performed in the USA. Several handbooks present and review the literature extensively. Handbook of Religion and Health (Koenig et al., 2001; Koenig et al., 2012) presents the majority of the quantitative measurement research up to 2011, and evaluates its strengths and weaknesses. All together its two volumes contain reviews of approximately 3,700 studies. Typical for Koenig and collaborators in their handbooks is an assessment of the quality of the studies and a summary of how many studies found positive, negative or no relationship between religious phenomena and health factors. They conclude that in the large picture, as well as within the special chapters of their handbooks, the majority of studies show positive relationships between religion and health, demonstrating that religion is positively related to health. Another collection of particular interest is the Handbook of the Psychology of Religion and Spirituality (Paloutzian & Park, 2005), which presents a thematic approach to several issues regarding religion and health. Work in the German tradition, for instance Murken s (1998) dissertation regarding the connection between mental health and a relationship with God, is absent in the reviews mentioned above, possibly because the German language is not widely accessible for an English-speaking audience. However, investigations published in English may be found, for example, regarding religion and health research among cancer patients (Büssing, 2008). Only few, typical representatives for and relevant contributors to religion and health research are found in a Scandinavian context. Especially relevant for this thesis is a 20-year follow-up study of 734 Danes (la Cour et al., 2006). La Cour and collaborators found that the hazard ratios for dying were lower among church attendees compared to non-attendees, with women attendees living 2.2 years longer and men, 1.4 years. Their findings were not very far from findings in corresponding research in California, USA (Strawbridge et al., 2001). Another study by la Cour (la Cour et al., 2008) investigated existential, religious and spiritual/religious practice variables and their relationship with dimensions of health among 480 Danish hospital patients. Among men it was found that levels of existential, religious, or spiritual/religious practice issues were low when illness was not severe, but the levels increased when illness became worse. The opposite was found among women. 20
VOLUME 4, ISSUE 2 FEBRUARY 2008 The Psychological and Physical Benefits of Spiritual/Religious Practices By Ellen Idler Through a discussion of current research and related observations, Idler highlights
Validity and Reliability of the Malay Version of Duke University Religion Index (DUREL-M) Among A Group of Nursing Student
Religion, Spirituality & Medicine Research and Clinical Implications Harold G. Koenig, MD Departments of Psychiatry and Medicine Duke University Medical Center Director, Center for Spirituality, Theology
Summary of research findings Clinical Findings from the Mind Body Medical Institute at Harvard Medical School. Chronic pain patients reduce their physician visits by 36%. The Clinical Journal of Pain,
Religious and Spiritual Issues in African Americans at Increased Risk for Cancer Chanita Hughes Halbert, Ph.D. Department of Psychiatry and Abramson Cancer Center Populations at Increased Risk for Developing
Preparing Occupational Therapy students to integrate spirituality into practice Mick Collins Outline of the session Spirituality and health in context: World Health Organisation & the Department of Health.
Professional Reference Series Depression and Anxiety, Volume 1 Depression and Anxiety Prevention for Older Adults TA C M I S S I O N The mission of the Older Americans Substance Abuse and Mental Health
The cost of physical inactivity October 2008 The cost of physical inactivity to the Australian economy is estimated to be $13.8 billion. It is estimated that 16,178 Australians die prematurely each year
University of Michigan Health Risk Assessment (HRA) and Trend Management System (TMS) CIGNA has entered into a long-term agreement with the University of Michigan, which gives it access to intellectual
WMBC Counseling Ministry Personal Data Inventory Please complete this inventory carefully (Question marks have been eliminated.) Personal Identification Name: Birth Date: Physical Address: Mailing Address
* 515 MEDICAL AND PSYCHOSOCIAL ASPECTS OF DISABILITIES I. (3) This course is designed to prepare rehabilitation and mental health counselors, social works and students in related fields with a working
Psychology. Department Faculty Kevin Eames Michael Rulon Phillip Wright. Department Goals. For General Education. Requirements for Major in
Psychology Department Faculty Kevin Eames Michael Rulon Phillip Wright Department Goals The discipline of psychology is concerned with the examination of human behavior. For General Education The goals
A. MEANING OF THE SACRAMENT DIOCESE OF GALLUP SACRAMENTAL GUIDELINES ANOINTING OF THE SICK "The Lord himself showed great concern for the bodily and spiritual we/fare of the sick and commanded his followers
UMEÅ INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL OF PUBLIC HEALTH Master Programme in Public Health - Programme and Courses Academic year 2015-2016 Public Health and Clinical Medicine Umeå International School of Public Health
Understanding the Sacrament of the Anointing of the Sick THE HEALING SACRAMENT OF THE LIVING Are any of you sick? They should call for the elders of the Church and have them pray over them, anointing them
The Distinctiveness of Chaplaincy within a Framework of School Support Services Chaplaincy Services Division ACCESS ministries July 2010 Executive Summary Caring for people within school communities speaks
Assessment of depression in adults in primary care Adapted from: Identification of Common Mental Disorders and Management of Depression in Primary care. New Zealand Guidelines Group 1 The questions and
University of Michigan Dearborn Graduate Psychology Assessment Program Graduate Clinical Health Psychology Program Goals 1 Psychotherapy Skills Acquisition: To train students in the skills and knowledge
How do I become a counsellor? Students taking psychology are often interested in becoming counsellors or therapists. This guide is intended to assist with students who wish to go down this path. Please
Bachelor of Arts Degree Completion Program in 2015-2017 B.A. Degree Completion Program in Program Prerequisites: Associate s degree and a minimum G.P.A. of 2.5. 42 residency credits are required for an
Cornerstone Christian University School of Theology Orlando, FL Doctor of Theology Program This is 48 credit hours of Theological Studies program. Completing this track will lead to a Doctor Degree in
Mental Health Acute Inpatient Service Users Survey Questionnaire What is the survey about? This survey is about your recent stay in hospital for your mental health. Who should complete the questionnaire?
nn Mental Illness Facts and Statistics This section contains a brief overview of facts and statistics about mental illness in Australia as well as information that may be useful in countering common myths.
http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsweek/positive-psychology-in-practice.htm Positive psychology in practice (This article was first printed in the May 2008 issue of the Harvard Mental Health Letter.) Positive
Determining the Effectiveness Treatment Based on Acceptance and Commitment ACT on Reducing Death Anxiety and Life Expectancy of Patients with Breast Cancer *Zahra Zanjani (MA) Graduate of General Psychology,
Honoring Customs and Traditions The curriculum was written with the thought that Circle Of Life SM coordinators and educators will already know the community in which they are working. Its traditions will
Risk factors and public health in Denmark Summary report Knud Juel Jan Sørensen Henrik Brønnum-Hansen Prepared for Risk factors and public health in Denmark Summary report Knud Juel Jan Sørensen Henrik
Framework of competencies in spiritual care: A Modified Delphi study for nurses and midwives (generated from the public to the public) Josephine Attard PhD student. Lecturer in Nursing and Midwifery University
April 2015 21/04/15_16531 CONNECT SUCCEED THRIVE THE WELLBEING FRAMEWORK FOR SCHOOLS Introduction The NSW Department of Education and Communities (DEC) is committed to creating quality learning opportunities
Is Faith Delusion? Andrew Sims Fixed points You must be mad to believe that By mid-20th Century mutual distrust between the Church and Psychiatry Bilingual psychiatrists need... to become fluent in
Understanding. Depression. The Road to Feeling Better Helping Yourself. Your Treatment Options A Note for Family Members
TM Understanding Depression The Road to Feeling Better Helping Yourself Your Treatment Options A Note for Family Members Understanding Depression Depression is a biological illness. It affects more than
National curriculum for the Bachelor's Degree Programme in Nutrition and Health WWW.UVM.DK Table of contents Bachelor in nutrition and health... 4 The professional field of a bachelor in nutrition and
Palliative Care Certification Requirements Provision of Care, Treatment, and Services PCPC.1 1 Patients know how to access and use the program s care, treatment, and services. 2 3 Patients and families
Review of Findings on Chronic Disease Self- Management Program (CDSMP) Outcomes: Physical, Emotional & Health-Related Quality of Life, Healthcare Utilization and Costs Summary of health effects The major
535 REGULATIONS FOR THE POSTGRADUATE DIPLOMA IN PSYCHO-ONCOLOGY (PDipPsycho-oncology) (See also General Regulations) M.105 Admission requirements To be eligible for admission to the programme leading to
Psychiatrists and mental health chaplains: working in partnership Revd Lorna Murray I write as an ordained minister within the Christian tradition who has spent almost the whole of my ministry employed
Employee Health and Well being in the NHS: A Trust Level Analysis Anna Topakas Lul Admasachew Jeremy Dawson Aston Business School, Aston University Contents Executive Summary...2 1. Background...3 2. Methods...4
Before the face of God An interdisciplinary study of the meaning of the sermon and the hearers God image, personality and affective state
Before the face of God An interdisciplinary study of the meaning of the sermon and the hearers God image, personality and affective state All over the world, millions of people attend the church service
Living in a Nursing Home Quality of Life The Priorities of Older People with a Cognitive Impairment Compiled by Suzanne Cahill PhD and Ana Diaz in association with Dementia Services Information and Development
Doctor of Ministry Pastoral Care and Counseling Emphasis Overview San Francisco Theological Seminary offers a Doctor of Ministry with special emphasis on Pastoral Care and Counseling. This is one of several
Master of Counselling with nested Graduate Diploma of Counselling Transforming lives through excellence in Christian higher education Master of Counselling with nested Graduate Diploma of Counselling The
Chapter 7: Middle Adulthood PHYSICAL DEVELOPMENT IN MIDDLE ADULTHOOD. Changes with age = Aging. Age Changes
Chapter 7: Middle Adulthood Module 7.1 Physical Development in Middle Adulthood PHYSICAL DEVELOPMENT IN MIDDLE ADULTHOOD 4/14/2009 1 4/14/2009 2 Age Changes What stays the same as we age? What changes
Sick at Work. The cost of presenteeism to your business and the economy. July 2011 Part of the Medibank research series
Sick at Work The cost of presenteeism to your business and the economy. July 2011 Part of the Medibank research series In 2009/10, the total cost of presenteeism to the Australian economy was estimated
Effect of mental health on long-term recovery following a Road Traffic Crash: Results from UQ SuPPORT study
1 Effect of mental health on long-term recovery following a Road Traffic Crash: Results from UQ SuPPORT study ACHRF 19 th November, Melbourne Justin Kenardy, Michelle Heron-Delaney, Jacelle Warren, Erin
Health Insurance Wellness Programs. What s in it for you and how they affect your insurance premiums
Health Insurance Wellness Programs What s in it for you and how they affect your insurance premiums Introduction The Canadian approach to health care needs to change. Canadians generally have a reactive
Myly Nguyen email: myly.nguyen@rmit.edu.au 1 Cultural profile Values & Beliefs Cultural aspects on health and illness Spiritual care approaches in death and dying Essential elements for Healthcare chaplains
Things To Consider When Choosing A Counselor The following information is meant to be a guide to help you make an informed decision on a counseling resource for either yourself or someone you know. Making
Nurse Caring Concepts 1A Spirituality, Loss and Grieving Week 16, December 1, 2003 Definitions Religion: organized system of beliefs concerning cause, nature & purpose of universe, especially belief in
My Home Life Research Briefing No.6 This briefing sets out the key findings of a research review on good end of life care in care homes undertaken by Caroline Nicholson, in 2006, as part of the My Home
Chapter 8 - General Discussion 101 As stated in the introduction, the goal of type 2 diabetes care is to offer patients an integrated set of interventions in relation to life style, blood pressure regulation,
Chronic Disease and Nursing: A Summary of the Issues What s the issue? Chronic diseases are now the major global disease problem facing the world and a key barrier to development, to alleviating poverty,
, For a Healthy Mind and Body... Now that my psychologist has taught me strategies to improve my psychological health, my physical health has also improved. My psychologist helped me to understand my problems
Before and Beyond Baptism Pilot Study Summit on Nurture and Retention Presentation Nov 18-20, 2013 Silver Springs, MD Barbara Fisher, Principal Investigator Senior Lecturer School of Education, Avondale
National Mental Health Survey of Doctors and Medical Students Executive summary www.beyondblue.org.au 13 22 4636 October 213 Acknowledgements The National Mental Health Survey of Doctors and Medical Students
Religious education. Programme of study (non-statutory) for key stage 3. (This is an extract from The National Curriculum 2007)
Religious education Programme of study (non-statutory) for key stage 3 and attainment targets (This is an extract from The National Curriculum 2007) Crown copyright 2007 Qualifications and Curriculum Authority
The table below presents the summary of observed geographic variation for incidence and survival by type of cancer and gender.
Results and Maps Overview When disparities in cancer incidence and survival are evident, there are a number of potential explanations, including but not restricted to differences in environmental risk
WELLNESS PLANNING YOUR JOURNEY TO A Road Map I AM WALKING MY INNER CIRCLE I CAN DO IT! Commitment What is your present level of commitment to addressing any changes needed that relate to your lifestyle?
It is critical for adolescents to gain difference and distance from parents to transcend infantile ties to them. Individuation during adolescence is
Barry Gane PhD It is critical for adolescents to gain difference and distance from parents to transcend infantile ties to them. Individuation during adolescence is defined as a sharpened sense of one s
Religious education. Programme of study (non-statutory) for key stage 4. (This is an extract from The National Curriculum 2007)
Religious education Programme of study (non-statutory) for key stage 4 and years 12 and 13 (This is an extract from The National Curriculum 2007) Crown copyright 2007 Qualifications and Curriculum Authority
PCHC FACTS ABOUT HEALTH CONDITIONS AND MOOD DIFFICULTIES Why should mood difficulties in individuals with a health condition be addressed? Many people with health conditions also experience mood difficulties
Westminster Campus Nursing Program Curriculum Organizing Framework The curriculum organizing framework describes the concepts, beliefs and philosophy upon which the nursing curriculum is organized and
Finding Balance in Your Grieving. Dr. Jo Christner, Psy.D. The death of your spouse most likely turned your whole world upside down
Finding Balance in Your Grieving Dr. Jo Christner, Psy.D. The death of your spouse most likely turned your whole world upside down out of balance. Everything seemed to change in your life especially you.
The Role of Religiosity and Spirituality in the Lives of Low-Income Families Conducted by RTI International Sponsored by The Office of the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation U.S. Department
MA1 Methods and Resources in Contextual Theology The unit will enable students to develop and evaluate contextual approaches to the Bible, mission, and congregational studies. It will analyse different
Online Stress Management Support Groups for Social Workers Based on the work of Andrea Meier, Ph.D. Clinical Assistant Professor University of North Carolina School of Social Work Presentation developed
Doctor of Philosophy in Counseling Psychology Program Description Objectives The program aims to develop competent and effective academicians and practitioners in counseling psychology by: a. Exposing
Overview Overview Founded in 1946, the Saint John Vianney Center is the longest running behavioral health treatment facility in North America for Catholic Clergy, Consecrated Men and Women Religious and
Meet and greet at the Port Blair airport, our representative will escort you to the hotel for Check-in. After some relaxation we start the breath-taking trip to Corbyn's Cove Beach - one of the most picturesque, coconut palms fringed Beach, 7 kms away from Port Blair town. After this we visit the Cellular Jail - a place of pilgrimage for all freedom loving people, in the evening the History of the heroic freedom struggle which is brought alive in a moving light and sound show at the Cellular Jail.
After breakfast, start your voyage in a boat towards Ross Island - the erstwhile capital of Port Blair during the British régime. The Island presently houses the ruins of old building like Chief Commissioner's house, Government houses, church, bakery, press, swimming pool, etc. and then for an enthralling journey to North Bay Island (Coral Island) offering exotic coral and underwater marine life which can be viewed through glass bottom boats. After this we can visit the Harbour Cruise (Viper Island). Overnight stay at Port Blair.
Early morning departure by luxury Catamaran Makruzz to Havelock Island - which is 38 kms by sea from Port Blair, visit the famous Radhanagar Beach & Kalapathar Beach- It is India's best beach rated by CNBC. Experience trilogy of yourself, sun and the sea like never before. Overnight stay at Havelock.
We start off after the breakfast to Neil island by luxury Catamaran Makruzz,on arrival our Representative will receive you and escort you to the Hotel, after check in and little relax, we head for Laxmanpur Beach and Bharatpur beach. A marvelous Island with plenty of marine life, Neil Island in Andaman is an ideal location for eco-tourism. Overnight stay at Neil.
We start off after the breakfast to Howrah Bridge at Neil Island. is triangularly shaped with lust green surroundings of paddy fields, banana plantations and tropical trees. Many natural beaches and attraction like Howrah Bridge, a natural bridge formation makes this Island a much sought after picnic spot. Tourists who like to spend vacations in an eco-friendly locale will find this Island ideal. The breath-taking view of the sea and the lush greenery really rejuvenating and enjoyable for enthusiastic travelers. Return back to Port Blair. Overnight stay at Port Blair.
Early morning departure from Port Blair to Baratang which is around 120kms. The travel involves crossing of creeks and dense forest. Baratang Island is rich with wide range of evergreen forest, colorful birds and butterflies. Limestone Caves and Mangrove frilled creeks give a distinct identity to Baratang. Overnight stay at Port Blair.
Entry permits/ entry tickets/ boat tickets/ ferry tickets/ luxury catamaran tickets wherever required.
Extrinsic Andaman Travels, one of the leading Andaman based travel agency offering a wide array of travel services to the corporate, Individual tourist, families & groups with complete travel services support.
Kate Fitzpatrick says she´d ″rather climb a mountain at 6am with amazing people than stumble out of a club with whoever was left.″ In 2013, this yearning for a circle of like-minded fitness freaks grew into PinkFitz, an online personal training community specifically for LGBTQ people. Why focus on our demographic? Fitzpatrick says we have high levels of obesity, depression, anxiety and low self-esteem, and PinkFitz is a tool to change that. With custom meal plans, workouts, personal training and motivation, ″you can be anywhere in the world and still be part of PinkFitz, and engage in a healthy homo lifestyle,″ Fitzpatrick says. In fact, she´s inspired by one of her clients, a lesbian teacher in Mississippi who was fired for being gay. Now the woman has supportive friends across the globe and support on her path to wellness through PinkFitz. All in a day´s work for Fitzpatick, who was the youngest person ever elected to Australian local government (at 19!) and still volunteers with numerous LGBT groups. ″I was told focusing on the LGBT community was silly and narrowing my audience,″ she admits. ″I just didn´t listen. I followed the tune my heart sang and I believed. Believe it; achieve it!″
©2018 MODERN SPIN MEDIA, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website is subject to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Ford Mustang photos - one of the models of cars manufactured by Ford. Ford Mustang photos received many good reviews of car owners for their consumer qualities. On this page we present you the most successful photo gallery of Ford Mustang photos and wish you a pleasant viewing experience. ...
Ford Taunus 12M photos - one of the models of cars manufactured by Ford. Ford Taunus 12M photos received many good reviews of car owners for their consumer qualities. On this page we present you the most successful photo gallery of Ford Taunus 12M photos and wish you a pleasant viewing experience. ...
Celebrity stylist and designer, Toyin Lawani has made it known to her followers that she is not shy in displaying her creations utilizing various styles and colors even to the extent of wearing pink-colored braids. In her latest outfit, the celebrity stylist was seen wearing a black gauze like fabric, which provided enough see-through but not to the extent of what you’ll expect from an Amber Rose or Kim Kardashian.
Her long sleeve outfit was adorned with an eye-popping necklace which displayed quite too much of her skin, but formal enough to grace certain types of society social functions. The outfit could be much sought after for those living in the tropical belt area where heat from the sun and high perspiration could inevitably ruin any good fabric.
P Diddy sues the ‘Empire Show’ for Stealing & Twisting his Personal Story: ‘It’s basically my life except the ALS stuff’
Good work Toyin girl. U constantly keep me entertain with your latest creations.Hope to see more of yur work
I expect more see through from you Lawani. It is cute and entertaining for me to look at your creation.
Property typeHouse for sale in Ciputra Houses for sale in West LakeHouse for sale in Cau GiayVillas for rentHouses for rentApartments for rent Serviced Apartments for rentOffice for leaseProperty for sales
Salon De Jardin Pour Terrasse #16 - D233coration Bureau Couleur was posted in January 1, 2018 at 2:12 am. If you want to use this photo as your desktop wallpaper, you should click the download link at the bottom or you can just right click on the picture at the top and select "Save Image As" to download the Salon De Jardin Pour Terrasse #16 - D233coration Bureau Couleur or by choose the "Set Desktop Background As" section if your browser has that option. If you could not find the the most beautiful image you are awaiting for, you need to go for "Search Column" at top right or browse different image backgrounds whatever you love. This photo has the picture size is 66kB and the dimension of 425x282. Salon De Jardin Pour Terrasse #16 - D233coration Bureau Couleur has been viewed by 23 visitors and it is a picture from Salon De Jardin Pour Terrasse.
Welcome to our essay examples section, here you will find a large collection of example essays demonstrating the quality of work produced by our academic writers. Report vs Essay Report and Essay are two words used by the common man with almost the same sense when there exists a difference between report and essay.
Practical Abstract Examples Getting into college is a huge achievement; still, it comes with some strings attached. In particular, students will have to write all sorts of new academic assignments, and follow some totally new formatting requirements. Difference between essay and report writing. theme, needs, writing style and structure of essay writing essay is significantly different from that of report. Essays are mostly written by students whore given a particular topic to discuss.
Report writing includes examples, cases, tables and illustration for explanatory purpose. By Report Writing Format By YourDictionary Unlike an essay, which sets out and defends a writer's view about a topic and does not have to feature headings, a report discusses a topic in a structured, easytofollow format.
Main Difference Essay vs Report. Essay and report writing is an area that confuses many people. Despite having some similarities, they both Essay vs report style examples written in different styles. Both Essays and Reports must be written in a formal academic style while carefully checking grammar, spelling, and presentations. What is the Difference Between a Research Paper and an Essay?
Research Paper Researching and expressing others points of view on a topic, as well as incorporating your insights and ideas Long in length, at least 8 Get APA Essay Help on APA Essay Format and APA Style for APA College Essay Format assignmnments.
Review examples and ask questions online! Order Client Lounge Support Live Chat free plagiarism report and free title page. Jan 23, 2012 " Summary, Analysis, Response" Essay Example. Updated on June 28, 2017. The Year that Changed Everything" is a definition essay is written in a classical style which attempts to persuade the audience to accept the authors conclusion that 1948 was an important year.
He gives more examples of secrets in paragraph 8 Examples of Compare and Contrast Essay Subjects. Second Millennium vs. the Third Millennium; Similar to the style of the paper itself, the tutorial will be listed in order to reproduce it. This way, youll be able to comply with suitable norms. Lab Report. Capstone Project. Editing& Proofreading.
corner picket fence incredible decoration corner fence landscaping images about fencing on picket interesting ideas for instant curb download picket fence corner decorative vinyl outdoor country corne.
corner picket fence landscaping ideas dining chairs extraordinary vinyl pickets pertaining to with solar light,ashley vinyl corner picket fence kit lot landscaping for privacy image of country,corner picket fence lowes decorative sharper image with solar light ashley vinyl kit,white vinyl corner picket fence country how to make for sale,corner picket fence ideas with solar light home depot white vinyl country,wood fence open spaced picket colonial co ma corner with solar light lowes white vinyl country,country corner picket fence outdoor vinyl model decorative white,corner picket fence with solar light white vinyl fences image of house ideas landscaping,decorative vinyl outdoor country corner white picket fence for sale awesome kit,corner picket fence landscaping white vinyl country idea ideas.
Short Haircuts 2014. Best 2014 Short Haircuts trends 2011 short hairstyles have always been a convenient fashion statement. From models to businessmen who
I love the curves and how it shows off the nape area. This short cut is both chic and sexy. High Profile Cute Blonde Short Haircut Over The Ears
The No. 1 Hornet football team opened the 2018 season by dodging a bullet on Saturday afternoon getting past No. 23 Golden West College 30-27 in a non-conference road game.
Fullerton struck first at 9:22 in the first quarter on a 2-yard run by sophomore running back Infant Eckford (PAT by Corey Lewis). Prior to the touchdown, the FC defense recovered a fumble on the GWC 41-yardline and went on to score in five plays.
The Rustlers came back with a TD of their own in their next drive on a 28-yard strike from Beau Kalbacher to Ben Ratzlaff. The PAT failed due to a low snap and ball bounced off of the upright.
Golden West took their only lead of the game at 12:47 in the second quarter on another touchdown pass combination of Kalbacher to Ratzlaff from 10-yards out.
Down 13-7, the Hornets returned the favor on their next drive at 10:14 when freshman Devin Moore took one to the house on a 20-yard scamper. The point-after was blocked by Justin Parker forcing a 13-13 tie.
Fullerton's defense forced a quick three-and-out, and the offense quickly took advantage scoring on a 41-yard touchdown pass from Zach Smith to Robert Downs. Downs caught the ball about 15-yards out and then used his speed to break free from four Rustler defenders (Lewis's PAT good).
FC added to their lead with 20 seconds left in the first half when Lewis knocked in a field goal from 37-yards out.
Up 23-13, the Hornets opened up the second half with a TD pass from sophomore Gresch Jensen to sophomore Jawaun Johnson for 88-yards. Johnson caught a 10-yard pass and broke free using another gear to score six from deep in the Rustlers end of the field (Pat by Lewis).
Holding a healthy 30-13 lead, Fullerton looked to be in total control of the ball game, but Golden West had other plans. Kalbacher and Ratzlaff struck again on a 32-yard score with 6:24 left in the third quarter.
Kalbacher torched the Hornets again to start the fourth quarter (14:53), this time from 29-yards out to David Antencio. GWC went for two and went back to the well with success, Kalbacher to Antencio.
The game remained scoreless for the entire fourth quarter as the Fullerton defense held strong forcing two three-and-out drives and one four-and-out drive to hold on for the win.
Since 2000, Fullerton has had great success on opening day suffering only three losses with a healthy sixteen wins.
Up Next: The Hornets (1-0 overall) will play again on the road at #4 Riverside City College on Saturday, September 8th at 6:00 pm.
The constants below are defined by this extension, and will only be available when the extension has either been compiled into PHP or dynamically loaded at runtime.
The journey of finding a job today is less difficult than you might suspect. Irrespective of whether you're endeavoring to discover work opportunities on a local level, or you are simply concerned with various jobs that let you work from home, finding these employment opportunities have never been easier, if, of course, you know where to search. Actually, the benevolent internet offers you the one of a kind chance to make complete use of your resume by posting it on specialized websites.
Do not think that just because you are currently unemployed that means that you should be spending less time slogging to get yourself a job than many others are spending on their actual jobs. Remember to check at your present state of being unemployed as a job in itself, one which you have to get over with as quickly as possible. In order to accomplish this, you need to dedicate no less than 6 to 8 hours of each business day for distributing job applications , going to interviews and linking with several people and possible employers. Your main objective ought to be to apply to at least 3 jobs each day. It would also be quite a clever idea to establish a contact list containing everyone you interact with in this procedure. This strategy is sure to reward you with a job sooner than you expect.
Look, all of us dream about a profession that enables us to display your 1000 dollar shoes on the table as we lean back on our fancy leather chair and stare joyfully out in a thousand dollar sight. Oh, and all of that from the very top of a multi-billion dollar enterprise. Did I miss anything? Now, the vast majority of us are not fortunate enough to find that specific job, but we definitely have the capability to pursue a career that makes us feel accomplished and delighted. Have you ever examined cyberspace lately? The internet is basically crammed with job opportunities.
Presuming that what you are looking for is an opening for a job, then by far the best place to begin with is online. So you finished your college education, got your diploma, and now you're genuinely searching for the ideal work opportunity that fits your skills and qualifications. That makes it just the correct time to test Careerbuilder.com or Monster.com, two websites which allow you to browse easily through thousands of job offers in a couple of minutes. This way, it's way easier and obviously much faster to spot the perfect job for you. You also have the option to search for available positions right in your area, or even nationwide. Use the filter section and perform a swift search. In case the results are not what you hoped for, you can always add your decree for more input. It's very possible that the job you're striving for is out there that you find it; and you will, in case you first make sure to navigate in the ideal location. You can even forward your resume to a potential business owner through the internet.
A good number of corporations are interested in highly competent individuals. Therefore, these corporations have a tendency to use the web far more often with the objective of locating potential workers to add to their staff. What's also interesting enough is that in order to increase their chances of discovering skilled, gifted personnel, the managers of such companies often list a number of open spots in job posting websites. If a job is what you are searching for, websites such as this are a superb place to start your inquiry.
On the occasion that you are more interested in freelance work, finding an internet job is not as complicated either. You practically have dozens if not hundreds of web pages at your fingertips that provide an excellent source of online jobs which don't need any fixed schedule and may be done exclusively from the comfort of your home. Some of the web pages even allow employers to list offers so that more freelancers can put a bid on them.
Finding your desired job online is undoubtedly less demanding than finding one in a more classic method. The old school way of finding a job implied the future employee to get as many papers as possible and filter through countless commercials. Not to mention that most of these ads about job offers were completely inadequate for those eager to occupy them. On the other hand, job listing websites offer some key advantages like the reduced time a potential employee must waste while attempting to find work, or the individualized procedure, especially tailored for those job hunters.
All in all, the World Wide Web could be your most Precious assistant when trying to discover jobs online. You can always encounter plenty of websites that will enable you to expose your resume on the internet so that different companies can examine your expertise and possibly hire you, or you can stroll through dozens of job offers with the assistance of an effective search engine incorporated on these sites. What's more, you won't need to stay at the mercy of classic job searching methods and as a consequence of that, you're drastically improving your chances of finding the job that you're entitled to!
You ought to be conscious of your abilities. Be Conscious of The talents you possess and the level you have the ability to perform at. Be reasonable once you analyze yourself, and do not minimalize your expertise. Know your value, but also set the cheapest (pay) you are ready to accept.
It's critical to know your range of abilities. Once you understand this information, it will be easier to assess the spot you are looking for. You see, it is not always about the boss finding the perfect match for the available position, but it's also about you fitting right in. Ask about the wage to your position by visiting sites like PayScale.com, or Salary.com and SalaryExpert.com. As soon as you are accustomed to the payment, you'd want to remain at least $5000 within that area (e.g. in the event the wage for the activity is called to gravitate around $45,000, then you ought to consider offers within the range of $40,000 to $45,000, respectively $45,000 to $50,000, conditioned by the level of your experience in that domain).
As an extra to a printed curriculum vitae, numerous people who are engaged in jobs pursuit arrive at the conclusion that list their resume and portfolio online are both extremely useful in regards to helping them discover and start a new career. Specially projected for prospective employers to view, the vast majority of resume posters are not troubled with their position within the search engine, but instead a professional outlook to aid with their jobs pursuit.
There are various online job banks (sometimes called job boards) you can use today, such as http://monster.com, where career seekers receive help in their quest for jobs. People have the option to post a resume with the job board or submit their personal copy straight to the potential employer. The best amount of jobs posted online demand computer and internet experience and many times people decide that having their personal web portfolio helps in their jobs pursuit.
In regards to those engaged in a jobs search, the resume will offer potential employers their initial glance at your skills. Prior educational experience, credentials and work background are among the vital details to highlight. One of the most significant online certification websites, http://BrainBench.com that is, provides 3-year job board credentials upon successfully completing an internet test. Available to people of all kinds, including individuals engaged in a jobs search, every single test provides instantaneous results and the right to add a certification on a resume. Free of charge tests are available each month for subjects such as math, programming, computer principles, typing, business, medical and legal terminology and so forth. These supplementary qualifications are always welcome as they add veracity to a resume and might even maintain one's likelihood in a jobs search.
In the events that a meeting is accorded, candidates must dress properly in order to correspond to the position they apply for. The dress code is particularly important, but maintaining a friendly yet pleasant mindset can also be signaled. Rather than overly praising your potential new boss, which by the way is a fast red flag to most companies, jobs search candidates are advised to act as if they were in the presence of a friend. Over the duration of the interview, applicants must convince their potential employer of how personable they are and how they can add value to the team.
By far the most effective method to build a contact network is by calling the recruiter or employer straightforwardly. The contact info is typically made known when you apply for work online. If you visit a job bank site such as: CareerBuilder.com or Monster.com, or a niche-oriented job board such as: DataCenterLife.com, then it is very likely that the contact info can be found on the job offer page. If, however, you want to apply directly through a company's site, then most likely you can find the contact information under the"Contacts", or"Contact Us" tag.
Merely because you are currently out of work doesn't Imply that your skills aren't needed somewhere. And it definitely doesn't mean that you will need to fall behind in your area of work. To the contrary, you should still be interested in whatever happens in your business and spend your time effectively. Research your area of work market and learn about the latest technology in the respective domain. What's to attend an interview if you'll have no clue what they will be talking about? Stay updated, stay informed and know your stuff. You might not become an expert at it but any piece of knowledge helps.
Remember the saying that goes: "first impression is the most lasting"? You only have one shot to make a excellent impression. It would be a terrible shame to waste it. Don't think about picking up the telephone if you are too busy to have a proper conversation. So if you find an unknown number calling, just presume it is a recruiter or an employer and you should under no circumstances response, if you're too occupied. There is nothing more embarrassing than the sound of a toilet flush, or a baby crying his eyes out, or a third-party conversation going on in the background right when a prospective employer or recruiter calls. In such cases, it is better that you don't pick up the call until you're back in a quiet location and you're calm, concentrated, composed and prepared to reply to all questions in a transparent manner.
Job hunting can get quite stressful after a while. Give yourself a break and take your time during weekends to recharge your batteries and kick out the anxiety. I recommend taking off Fridays also. The only situation in which you should schedule interviews on Friday is when the recruiter or the employer schedules it on Friday. In addition, keep your phone close just in case a possible employer decides to call, but remember the advice above and don't answer if you're too busy to talk. Rather, let your voice mail service handle the situation until you become accessible again.
Earning that job interview is what you strived so hard for. The achievement of an interview is as crucial as getting the job . This moment settles everything. The second you're scheduled for a meeting is the second you have to get started with the preparation for the interview. Do your homework about the history and background of the company. It's ideal that you're accustomed with what the company does and how it functions. Usually this information is available right on their web address, but sometimes it's deeply buried within the pages of the website, so you may need to do some digging. Think of questions and ask your interviewer about the company, about the position you're about to get, or anything else you should know. Oh, and do not forget to rest well the night before. At least 7-8 hours of sleep would be ideal.
You should own at least two business attires. In case You have a second interview, you should be capable of switching to another suit. They don't have to be fancy, but at least have a more sober look. Colors like black, gray, or navy are favored. Be careful to be well groomed too.
When the interview begins, relax and be your real self. Leave your worries behind and instead concentrate on articulating your words and ideas in a coherent way. Ask about the workplace, about the position you're applying for and also, out of courtesy, ask about their position and the time period they been in the company. Try to discover how come the spot is open and why did the former employee leave in the first location.
Do not forget to be authentic, display a friendly figure and keep in mind that the interviewer is only human, same as you. Even if you don't receive the job, don't panic and do not let yourself down. Take the experience as a lesson and try all over again, until you finally succeed -- because you will. More often than not, the interview is merely a presentation of your personality and personality. If you genuinely and appropriately exposed your abilities on your resume, then the company already knows what you are capable of.
Welcome to the active web search tool for the license plate starting with SFQMT. A user is free to leave his feedback or comment so that others could find their registered US plates. In case you have lost your own plate, look info on it using our search tool.
If any other car owner has accidentally found it, you can contact him and get your plate back. We are happy to make your lost-and-found routine easier and more convenient!
The platform also offers an easy access to information on other license plates that may be added to your private black list due to their owners’ behavior and driving history. Yet, don’t expect us to share their private information or photos. The list of US states, where license plates can be used, is posted on customlicenseplates.info.
Heilstätte Hohenlychen. Mere words cannot describe the jaw-dropping otherworldly beauty of Heilstätten Hohenlychen. Idyllic charms weave their magic to convey an air of secluded innocence, enveloping past nightmares in a cloak of dreamlike stupor. Gotthold Pannwitz managed the sanatorium at the turn of the 20th century under the auspices of the German Red Cross. Tuberculosis was well spread at the time and clinics to counter it were numerous. Pannwitz was famous for TB curing, and so the first sanatorium, for kids, was founded in 1902.
After WW I, the swimming pool and a sports center were built and a department of sports medicine was established under the watchful eyes of Karl Gebhardt who as a chief physician run the place until 1933. More than 25,000 patients were treated between 1933-42. Hohenlychen became war hospital. After WW II, the Red Army took over. They trashed the place, stole all the valuable equipment, and then occupied the vacant buildings. The Russians stayed nearly 50 years, using some of the buildings to house soldiers and the rest as a hospital and maternity ward until they finally left on Aug. 31, 1993.
The place is not anymore secret like a lot of other Urbex places. Approaching Hohenlychen without a grant to visit is a high risk. Parts of the compound have changed hands and new neighbors watch strongly. All openings are secured tightly. Entrance admission is provided by www.go2know.de.
All pictures are in reduced quality for faster loading and lesser use of storage space. All originals are crystal clear and sharp.
If you are interest in an original picture, please write me an email with what you need and for what purpose. I will immediately contact you for licensing.
Alaric Moebius and Basil Fox are a pair of scoundrels tethered against their will to serve the mysterious and other-worldly billionaire known only as The Collector. After traipsing around the globe stealing ancient artifacts at his demand, they are desperate to find a way out of their curse, and it seems at long last they might have found their solution. Recorded on 13 ancAlaric Moebius and Basil Fox are a pair of scoundrels tethered against their will to serve the mysterious and other-worldly billionaire known only as The Collector. After traipsing around the globe stealing ancient artifacts at his demand, they are desperate to find a way out of their curse, and it seems at long last they might have found their solution. Recorded on 13 ancient stone discs lies the secret history of The Ancients, a fabled race of godlike beings who may still be living among us. And The Collector may be the most dangerous one of them all! A high-thrills adventure spanning all four corners of the globe!"...
Alaric Moebius and Basil is back in this the third volume of adventures. They are still bound to find artifacts to the mysterious "Collector" but are looking for a way to get out of their servitude. Now it seems like they finally will get their wish as they are learning the origin of "the Collector", through 13 old stone discs that tell the history of the Ancients, a mythological race of godlike creatures that once was worshiped on earth. It was quite nice to once again to be reacquainted with Alaric Moebius and Basil. But, even though I enjoy reading these kinds of adventures graphic novel do I prefer a more serious note. The banter between Moebius and Basil and the humorous tone with women they meet etc. just doesn't always appeal to me. It can be too much. I found I grew a bit impatient with the story.Still, it nice to read something action-filled once in a while. And, I did enjoy learning more about the Collector. And, I loved that we get to met Basil's mother. Even though I didn't always like the humor did I enjoy the humorous part with her. I will say that the last 1/3 of the book was my favorite part with Moebius and Basil realizing that they may have done a big mistake. And, despite the ending have I a feeling that they are not really off the hook yet!The art is ok, I can't say I love it. It's nothing that really takes my breath away when I read it. But, I don't dislike it, it suits this kind of story. I want to thank the publisher that provided me with a free copy through NetGalley for an honest review.
In 'The Adventures of Basil and Moebius, Volume 3: Secret of the Ancients' our two adventurers are still scoundrels. They are also still politically correct like 1970s men's adventure novels.This time around, they've managed to find a stone disc that may help them decipher the strange tattoos that their demonic master, the Collector, has given them. The problem is that groups of hooded people with poison knives and sharp swords are also interested in retrieving these items as well. While Basil and Moebius find themselves on the run, the Collector finds himself under attack, but it's nothing his tentacles and sharp teeth can't dispatch with. They guys end up finding out more of the mystery behind the Collector and where he came from. With some crazy inventions, including the Spring Heel Jack suit from a previous issue, they avoid death on more than one occasion.I read the first volume when it came out and I really didn't like it. When this volume came up for review, I decided to give it another try. It's still overly Brit-slangy. It's also sexist, but many comic books are. I did like that this issue was more one cohesive story instead of a few of them. The whole thing still feels a bit dated in ways, but it's growing on me. The action is ludicrous like James Bond movies are, and our protagonists are luckier than they should be.I received a review copy of this graphic novel from Diamond Book Distributors, Magnetic Press, and NetGalley in exchange for an honest review. Thank you for allowing me to review this graphic novel.
It's always a little hard to come into a series several volumes in. I'll be honest, I didn't really "get it" but was still able to follow the story in some manner of fashion. To me, the book seemed a bit disjointed, but that could just simply be because I was missing some of the backstory. The characters were funny and amusing at times, while at others seemed a bit forced. I don't think I'll be trying for another one of these books, but I enjoyed this novel well enough. The story of The Ancients was intriguing, so I'll give it a solid 3 stars for that!
This story is packed with action. From the first page, when our heroes are trying to escape from gang members, till the very end. As enjoyable as it was I wish I knew some more of the story. After all, it's the third volume and since I haven't read the previous two I can't even tell you if the story holds or if there even is a story... With this amount of action, I have some doubts about it.The characters are surely entertaining but portrayed in a rather annoying way. I don't normally care that much about half-naked women, but it seems like the authors wrote this story clearly for a male audience. A young male audience at that. You know what I mean, right?Let's take one of the assassin's that chase them (view spoiler)[. They catch one of them and is so happens it's a sexy girl (pretty much every woman in this story is sexy and rather stupid). Few scenes later one of them sleeps with her and she tells him everything they wanted to know. And a moment later she's eaten by the Collector.(hide spoiler)]I hope you know what I mean now, right? Seriously, I'm really not that touchy about half-naked heroines. I play video games for crying out loud!Female-armor-versus-Male-armorOK, enough with the hate. I just had to get it out of me :P.The story moves at a very fast pace. A bit too fast in my opinion. It's like one action scene after another, jumping from place to place, chasing another item or person again and again. The story gets lost in all this. I'm guessing the goal was to create a Lara Croft type of story, but I don't think they succeeded. Well, maybe they did.It was still rather enjoyable. And the graphics were nice for an eye, very colorful. Monsters were scary and creative, just as they should be. The humor, even if sometimes a bit annoying, was still funny and well placed. I can't say I liked the two main characters (reasons above), but they fit the story.The novel is satisfying if you're in a mood for some action-packed story that won't make you think too much. I can think of days that this would work :PI received a copy of this book from the publisher via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.Check my reviews at https://maginibooks.wordpress.com
A British dandy who fancies himself the next Indiana Jones and a former SAS guy are forced to serve an ancient alien by going around the world collecting artifacts for him, though they don’t know why he wants them. The story starts in Hong Kong but goes off to many other places, including London, before the final showdown in Crete. Both the Mossad and a secret cult are after them, with no one knowing the endgame, as you would expect. I love that it’s the old Chinese professor who comes up with the perfect word everyone’s groping for to describe Basil’s mom: “Cougar?” There are other female characters more appropriate to this kind of story, particularly Sophi, who’s a wannabe Lara Croft, especially in the way she dresses. Isabella the assassin babe is actually more fun, and exquisitely drawn, until she meets her untimely death in a most gruesome way; I hate when that happens, and even more that Basil didn’t try to help her. The one thing that could have been done better was the exposition, which happened in the form of clunky info drops. There isn’t much opportunity in individual comic books to tell the whole story, but there’s room for improvement. Extra credit: if you go to their website you can see a short film about these characters, with Zach Levi from Chuck playing Moebius! 3.5 pushed up to 4/5
This is the story of two guys that have somehow become enslaved via mystical tattoos to a shape shifting tentacle monster from another dimension called The Collector. The Collector has been sending them around to steal ancient artifacts around the globe for some reason they don't know about. They aren't too keen on being slaves so are actively trying to find out what he's up to so they can free themselves from his control.I thought the story was pretty interesting it has a bit of an Indiana Jones / National Treasure vibe to it. I haven't read the first two volumes so I can't say how this flows out of those but I was able to follow the story without feeling confused. The art is well done, consistent, finely detailed and vibrantly colored. My only real complaint about the book is the feeling that a lot of the dialog is a bit over the top. The guys are supposed to be from the UK, I think and something about it felt off to me. Other than that it's a fun story if you are interested in pulp horror adventure stories.Extended review with pictures:https://stabbingstardust.wordpress.co...I selected this book from NetGalley's Read it Now selections in exchange for my feedback and a review.
Alaric Moebius and Basil Fox are two gentlemen-rogue fortune hunters. They are bound to a mysterious being called the 'Collector' who forces them to hunt for artifacts. This is their third adventure.In this story the two men are seeking a way to free themselves from the ties and powers of the Collector. They have stolen an ancient stone disc which they hope will show them how to rid themselves of the Collector. The disc reveals the secrets of the ancients but alas there are many people after this disc including the collector himself, gangsters, governments and members of a cult. Basil and Moebius find that they are going to have to stay ahead of everyone else in this race to find the disc and they find that this is far easier said than done. It also involves a huge amount of running, fighting, ducking and diving, and using state of the art weaponry. This is a good graphic novel with an interesting story, enjoyable characters and a fast pace. Adventures stories are not usually my thing but I did enjoy reading this one. The comic has a 'Raiders of the Lost Ark' feel to it and it is action packed. It was ok to read but I thought the artwork was a little too dark in places. Great banter between the characters though.A good series to get into for graphic novel fans!Copy provided by NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
For fans of Raiders of the Lost Ark or Laura Croft, this is a graphic novel to read. This title has it, action, adventure, snarky main characters (Moebius and Basil) who always seems to find a way out of even the most perilous of situations. Working for a mysterious client, Moebius and Basil set out to find ancient relics with untold powers. Their adventure includes periods of graphic violence as they encounter various adversaries. The witty story line flows nicely and quite fast as the main characters travel around the world on their quest. The ending, and all of the tight situations, seem to work out perfectly for our heroes. The violence and mature situations in the book would qualify it for an older audience, high school and above. The female characters in this work lack depth; their presences is used to further the plot rather than develop them as characters. This is evidenced by their hyper-sexualized clothing and interactions with other characters.
I received a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.First of all, even though this is the third volume it is the first one in the series that I have read. That being said, there were some things that I was in the dark about, but things that happened in this volume were still explained well enough to enjoy it. This was an interesting story that seemed to come with its own mythology. The characters were sassy (always a plus) and I appreciate how dedicated they were. I'd be interested to see what else is in store for these two.
Basil and Moebius are seeking to escape from the Collector's curse and get rid of their brands. They end up teaming up with Sophie from Mossad. Between fighting cultists in China, England, Turkey and Crete, they and Sophie had hair-raising adventures and plenty of fights. Plus you get to meet Basil's Mum. If you enjoyed earlier volumes, read and keep up with the team of "screw-ups" (as Sophie calls them).
Our dashing heroes try to rid themselves of the curseIn this third volume of the adventures of Basil & Moebius, two adventurers, they find themselves involved in supernatural plots involving their employer, the Collector. They are trying to free themselves from his dominion. The plot involves Triads, the Mossad, globe-trotting and loads of monsters.Colourful and well-illustrated, this works quite well but there is an awful lot of plot explanation which tends to spoil the pace.
A fun, entertaining adventure featuring two rogues trying to stop the elder gods from returning to earth. What I didn't like about the book is the coloring. It looks like it was done by someone who just discovered a new toy. There are so many light sources and dark spots in each panel it's distracting and unnatural. It's so bad that I would have preferred a black and white comic.Received an advance copy from NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
Free eBooks Thefourthreich.co.uk Library is in no way intended to support illegal activity. We uses Search API to find the overview of books over the internet, but we don't host any files. All document files are the property of their respective owners, please respect the publisher and the author for their copyrighted creations. If you find documents that should not be here please report them. Read our DMCA Policies and Disclaimer for more details.
After the death of second millenium spawned to the world a bastard child CALVARIUM. Formed by Veilroth and Lord Sargofagian, two dark souls in search to create more sinister and suicidal Black Metal they had ever made before. Veilroth, ex-member of Alghazanth and current part of Behexen's legion, handled the malignant strings of blasphemy while Lord Sargofagian, leader of his band Baptism and also a member in Satanic Warmaster, Trotzreich, Valonsurma and Ymir, performed the ritual art of all percussions. Both of them manifested the vocal liturgies and screams of torture.
With this line-up they recorded the first rehearsal tape in Dungeons of Hate in October of 2001. The tape wasn't officially released. It featured too long tracks later to be recorded with different titles.
Shortly after the recording of the tape another thyrant of darkness shows interest to join the evilness of Calvarium. Molestor Kadotus, the mastermind behind Anal Blasphemy and also a member of Trotzreich, was to be the infernal main vocalist and the lyricist of self-destructive poetry. Unholy trinity had now been full-filled and Calvarium was more alive than ever!
Second rehearsal tape was recorded in early 2002 with improved versions of old songs and new ones as well. At that time decision was made and Calvarium headed for studio. So in May 2002 they entered studio Lutakko with five completed songs and lyrics to be recorded and released as a promo/demotape. Change of plans occured when Calvarium was offered a record deal by Dynamic Arts Records. Five songs were ready along with a torturous intro; a twisted moment of insanity captured by the whole trio.
Despite the excellence of the tracks the five songs weren't enough to release them as a full-length. New recording session was necessary. But in August 2002, six hours before the recordings, studio Lutakko's equipments were burnt in electrical fire. It was time to book a new studio and this time Calvarium entered to legendary Studio Perkele. Three new tracks were recorded and all tracks were re-mixed. The result was Calvarium's first bastard child, "The Skull Of Golgotha"! Album has been released 21st of January 2004 via Dynamic Arts Records.
Lace making has always seemed a bit of a mystery to me, and therefor challenging, so how better to understand it than jump right in?
I recently bought a few books on lace making, and after browsing a bit, never being one to think something is too hard to give it a go, I dove in and ordered supplies. I plan on focusing my attention to English bobbin lace. There are many different types of bobbins for many different types of lace making, but English bobbins have spangles, which makes them infinitely more fun!
Surprisingly, even the most intricate of patterns are made only with variations of either crossing the thread, or twisting it. Click here for a better description of how lace is made.
Spangles are the beads attached to the bottom of bobbins. English bobbins are drilled with holes to facilitate attaching the beads by wire. The loop of beads has a purpose, aside from looking pretty. It stops the bobbins from rolling on the pillow and the weight keeps the threads evenly taught.
Traditionally, lace makers seem to be rather superstitious. Lots of beads have meanings, much like charms. A snake or serpentine design is said to ward off evil spirits, as is a button. Here are examples of each. Images courtesy Lacefairy.
Below is a "Kitty Fisher" bead, named after the famous 18th century actress (who found Lucy Locket's pocket). This bead is usually grey with blue on white and red on white dots, roughly resembling a face.
While I wait on my pillow and thread to come, I tried to find some beads that were traditional, but I just fell in love with the cupcakes and mice! I also chose a very pretty four leaf clover bead, some carved jade and lots of cloisonné. Some of my favorites:
I hope to be able to make at least some modest lace, because how fun are these bobbins! I'd love to collect antique ones, but I refuse to collect things I can't use. So I better get practicing!
I should note, unfortunately, all the really beautiful 18th century lace, like alencon and argentan are actually needle lace, not bobbin. I'll elaborate more on this another day, as well as more info on bobbin lace and how it's actually made. But for now I'm just smiling about the bobbins :)
It might be a daunting task if you are to search for numbers of different businesses that are offering wide options of products and services. But, if there will be a help to you then the process could be a lot easier and faster as well. And that help could definitely come from Eye Tamil Directory. If you choose us to be your partner, there will be an assurance that you will not provide your possible customers with any hassle just to find you. With us, the right customer will definitely be with you.
Eye Tamil Directory is known due to our remarkable services which benefit everyone almost all over the world. If you consider joining us, there will be numbers of advantages or benefits that will be experienced. Every business that will choose to register to us will definitely be provided with the assurance that our listing is indeed ahead among others in the industry. Every aspect of the business will be included in our directory ensuring you that customers will easily find you.
To provide you with a more elaborated way on how we serve our business clients, consider our services:
· Gallery. There will be gallery wherein it will exhibit what you are offering. Through this, you will have the chance to showcase your business to everyone.
· Social Icons. These would include the social media sites that are supporting the business. Through this, the said business could be promoted through the use of the included social media sites.
· Web. This would include the informational site that is being operated by the said business or by other private enterprise like a non-profit organization or charity.
· Telephon. This will include the contact numbers of the business particularly if you are a delivery business.
· Comments. This will be the feedbacks that would come from the customers. It might include both positive and negative comments in order for the company to be aware with what is the stand of the customers to the business.
· Opening Hours. This would serve as the time when a certain business is to open for people to avail the products and services.
· Yoast SEO. There will also be an assurance of best SEO practices as it will affect the visibility of the site.
· Address. There is a need to include the complete address of the business in order to be located easily by possible customers.
· Image. It would be appealing to have an image in your business site. And it will provide the perception to the customers.
· Content. There will be an assurance that content editing could be provided even editing your very own item. It will help in finding the site a lot easier.
And there are numbers of other things that should be included once you choose to register with us. Just provide us the needed information and we’ll make sure to offer you the assurance that customers could easily find you and be your customers as well. Only Eye Tamil Directory could do that.
This is your invitation to this year’s tackle and cheer banquet for Grades 6 - 8. The banquet will be held at The Italian Center in Stamford on Tuesday, December 1 at 6:30 pm. Your RSVP is due by November 17.
We are planning to have another exciting raffle as part of this year's celebration. In the past few years we have been fortunate to be able to supply our athletes with new jerseys, pants, helmets, cheerleading uniforms, lights, a scoreboard, tackling sleds, dummies - among other things. But a successful fundraising effort at the banquet is necessary to continue to provide the equipment and apparel the kids need.
If you have access to an item, which we could include in the raffle, such as sports or entertainment memorabilia, tickets to a sporting or entertainment event, larger electronic items, a weekend house, photography, opportunities to play golf, etc., please let us know as soon as possible. Be creative!! If you have an idea, please contact Jamie O’Neill at by November 3rd.
(Please consider registering online even if you plan to send payment by mail--If online registration is not possible, contact Linda Colgan at with your reservation. ALL reservations must be input to the online reservation system)
Players and Coaches are admitted to the banquet free of charge HOWEVER; they must still make reservations online to attend.
This year we would like our WYF family to do something special to help our Wilton friends who are struggling a bit. All WYF players and cheerleaders are asked to help out in one of two ways when they attend their banquets:
One is to contribute to a holiday gift for a Wilton child by donating a gift card, in any amount, from Wal-Mart, Toys 'R' Us, Amazon, Master Card, Visa or American Express.
Thank you for your support, and we look forward to a wonderful evening honoring our terrific young athletes!! Please note that in order to properly honor our grade 6-8 athletes, siblings are not invited to attend. Our arrangement with The Italian Center prohibits walk-ins or payment at the door. There can be no exceptions.
Your invitation to this year’s tackle and cheer banquet for Grades 6 - 8 has been sent to you by e-mail. Please look for it. The banquet will be held at The Italian Center in Stamford on Tuesday, December 1 at 6:30 pm. Your RSVP is due by November 17.
(Please consider registering online even if you plan to send payment by mail--If online registration is not possible, contact Linda Colgan at with your reservation. ALL reservations must be input into the online reservation system)
Please note that in order to properly honor our grade 6-8 athletes, siblings are not invited to attend. Our arrangement with The Italian Center prohibits walk-ins or payment at the door. There can be no exceptions.
We are planning to have another exciting raffle as part of this year's celebration. In the past few years we have been fortunate to be able to supply our athletes with new jerseys, pants, helmets, cheerleading uniforms, lights, a scoreboard, tackling sleds, dummies - among other things. But a successful fundraising effort at the banquet is necessary to continue to provide the equipment and apparel the kid’s need.
If you have access to an item, which we could include in the raffle, such as sports or entertainment memorabilia, tickets to a sporting or entertainment event, larger electronic items, a weekend house, photography, opportunities to play golf, etc., please let us know as soon as possible. Be creative!! If you have an idea, please contact by November 3rd.
Electronic Invitations were sent by email on 11/1/2015. If you did not receive your invitation, please check to make sure your profile is updated with correct email addresses and that your email address has not been blocked in your profile. Respond to this email if you need help.
One, is to contribute to a holiday gift for a Wilton child by donating a gift card, in any amount, from Wal-Mart, Toys 'R' Us, Amazon, Master Card, Visa or American Express.
As you and your young athletes get ready to attend their year-end celebrations, please take note of what is really needed for the Wilton Community Assistance program.
One, is to contribute to a holiday gift for a Wilton child by donating a gift card, in any amount, from Walmart, Toys 'R' Us, Amazon, Master Card, Visa or American Express.
Players and Coaches are admitted to the banquet free of charge HOWEVER, they must still make reservations online to attend!
Click Here to download the Cheers List. This list will be updated periodically throughout the season.
«One of the most essential things you need to do for yourself is to choose a goal that is important to you. Perfection does not exist — you can always do better and you can always grow.» Les Brown
So what's Search engine marketing? Search Engine Optimisation. You can find primarily different distinctive explanations on what Web optimization is, how it works and why it works. Simple and easily set, our Search engine optimisation company Adelaide gets your enterprise to the 1st website page of Google to raise your on the internet publicity to boost prospects and potential customers/shoppers you would not usually have attained without the need of Adelaide SEO services. Beneath you will see the several elements of the research result:
“Be sure they have got your neighborhood Get in touch with range, and set it on Telephone book also. That perhaps usually takes some hrs amount of do the job, and for the mom and pop store, that may deal with a huge quantity of challenges.”
In contrast to a number of other kinds of electronic promoting, Search engine optimisation Brisbane is amazingly cost-effective. Additionally Search engine marketing builds a long term asset with your enterprises Site.
Enjoy as your business entirely transfigures. Know that you will be reaching your entire buyer foundation that requires the help within your assistance by governing the major search engines of one's sector.
Identify the best Search phrases to employ on your marketing campaign and also to push traffic to your internet site. The volume of key terms will likely be according to your
An optimised Web-site rises throughout the ranks of Google so that buyers can find the website for your small business. That is how Website positioning can in the end aid The underside line of your company or organization.
SMB Digital provides effectiveness because of our put together encounter which makes up our workforce and would make us and our clientele productive. You have the best group here with SMB Digital which requires absent your time and effort of getting to seek out very good men and women, causing your company preserving even more money. You'll be able to be self-assured in our workforce, simply because We've critiques kind our current prospects that explain to individuals how pleased They can be with us.
It is nearly appropriate for your needs depending on your money problem. Additionally, you must think about the amount of professionalism inside the company’s customer service department. One example is, the company must have numerous and easy means of speaking with them. The response to the questions mustn't consider time and it is best to receive development reports periodically as soon as you start working with them.
At DGreat Methods, we just take final pleasure in supplying the most Google referenced Online page optimisation services to all our consumers country vast and our Adelaide workforce contain Web-site style and Search engine optimisation professionals. Our internet search engine optimisation services are accomplished by domestically primarily based staff, Which means that you don't need to bother with your projects becoming transported off to oversea.
Some want to rank the identical day they created their Web page, Other folks are satisfied going through the procedure. The instant you decide to Perform wise with Google, we can Virtually promise that your web site will likely be penalised. The key is to get on to it and observe exactly what they inquire. Utilizing An effective campaign means you must address both equally On-Site and Off-Website page factors of your system. Your web site position results will likely not depend on exactly how much content you might have on your website by itself, or how many times your hard earned money keywords and phrases are repeated.
Working with DGreat Methods Web optimization professionals comes along with guaranteed results. You can be assured that you will see excellent results. You can’t go Completely wrong Along with the Web optimization why not try these out deals and personalized approaches we deploy for personal small business.
We produce a Cost-free Video clip and explain to you what it'll take to get you to the highest in the market and just what the anticipated ROI could be.
It is a standard problem, for the reason that so Many of us deal with it and have no idea how to correctly handle it. A lot of organizations imagine that they have to hire their very own in dwelling Search engine optimisation staff to take care of all in their Search engine optimisation issues. Nevertheless, they do not get into consideration variable costs for instance time, effectiveness, assurance in addition to receiving a return on their financial commitment.
When it comes to Google how much does one certainly know? You expended hours of browsing on the other hand have you discovered what the rules and polices Google has? From practical experience we are able to Permit you to realize that Google can prevent you in the tracks and give you some high priced lessons.
Labelled as round dining table with leaf object also cheap round dining table area of interest plus round table dining set subject as well as large round dining room set object along with round dining table for 8 object plus round dining table set for 4 area of interest as well as Dining Tables, So don't forget to check out the main article in astonishing dining tables round
Related to breathtaking-dining-tables-round-round-dining-tables-for-6-round-wood-dining-table-with-wood-chairs-with-brown-cushion
FlexNet Licensing is the market-leader in software monetization, enabling you to support software licensing models from strict enforcement to usage-based and subscription. FlexNet Licensing is part of a comprehensive suite.
Eliminate shelfware, reduce software license spend by as much as 25 percent, and maintain license compliance for your high-value Microsoft, Adobe, IBM, Oracle, SAP, Symantec, VMware, and engineering application software. FlexNet Manager Suite for Enterprises helps you cut costs and reduce software audit and license compliance risks. Ensure continual application governance and compliance with the integrated enterprise app store that verifies license availability, obtains proper approvals, and reclaims unused licenses.
FlexNet Operations is a comprehensive software entitlement management system that empowers application producers to enhance customer satisfaction, provide deep customer insight and efficiently manage the entire license lifecycle of software, entitlements and devices. Available as an on-premises or cloud, software-as-a-service deployment, FlexNet Operations enables rapid product configuration to support the full software licensing spectrum, from strict enforcement to usage-based trust but verify software license compliance models.
Prix ​​incroyable sur Produits de soin corporel en Paris (France) de la compagnie Heliocosm, Société. Un large choix de produits de bon qualité à des prix accessibles.
looking for a white woman to date where to meet trannys older ladies dating younger guys fetish lands shemale cum piss meet girls to have sex
www black porno sexy upskirt panties best website to meet cougars where to meet lesbian women masturbation video male dating sites that let you message for free
reddit casual sex top dating apps chat singles your area free white male interracial dating meet and fuck sex games full version dark circles masturbation
adult sex dating date what does the bible say about interracial dating and marriage list of 100 free dating sites in australia alt scene dating meet black tranny
old men dating young women sex dating sites that are not scams in india interracial dating meaning nude self shot teen girls drugged sex movie naked bikini sex
plenty of casual dating best website for casual dating meet black women free gay superhero video mature tease tubes best app to meet cougars
thong ass tube good dating apps for teens gay oldmen videos phorn tube lesbian butt love is it safe to have sex at 35 weeks pregnant
meet and fuck sa whats a good app to meet singles best free casual dating site free online foreign dating sites asian cougar dating black porn pics sites
best site to meet girls free bbw online dating eastern european dating uk dating sites for large women my neck my back lick my pussy milf dating site free
massive mens cocks young guys peeing please a girl in bed reddit bdsm personals gay male pron free tranny meet
shemale fuck female image first date oral sex full porn sex hd college dating app hot blondes milfs sites like dating
is it good to have a lot of sex dating russian gay guys sexy naked anime girls pics sexual contact during pregnancy huge cock anal big tits hot sexy pussy licking
dating a younger guy in your 20s non dating social sites homemade voyeur porn cougar dating site reviews meet cougars near me young girl anal sex
world biggest man lun british amateur swingers porn legit russian dating sites how can you get bigger breasts naturally sex dating games online young teen nude family
hot lesbians with a strap on how to have sex with fat people should date a younger man oral contact lesbian dating online us whole family sex stories
online watch sex clip public masterbating videos brother sisters having sex free dating russian ladies mature masturebation xxxx he
women being massaged married dating app big baboos casual sex porn videos british milf in pantyhose interracial dating pics
big booty white girl squirts adult dating websites two women with big tits xxx gay interracial how to do sex chat with gf how to stop masturbating
big butt white girls nude 3d hentai movies group handjob movies oral sex on the first date play full meet fuck games free wife dating com
online dating games 18 new dating social networking sites apps to meet girls gay brothers sex movies mexican dating app free social dating apps
adult massage games women like big black cock new interracial dating sites sex meet app nude school girls clips teacher sex with young girl
big black tits women big beautiful dating website prego tube horny girls live chat dating websites for olds lgbt dating sites
chubby in bathing suit most used dating app in how to give the best sex how to meet girls on snapchat tumblr gay double top free dating apps for iphone
call girl dating gay men having sex in public dating games sex fucked up young porn hollywood sex video hd lesbian dating montreal
sex on the beach how to make asian girl dating white guy interracial singles meet casual sex now free dating sites to find cougars bondage contract
big pussy teacher lesbian people meet should date an older woman homemade sex tapes for free free dating sites without registration how to masterbate longer
gay people meet com teens with hot bodies free ladyboy dating site fucked my horny sister big penis dating cum eating cuckold compilation
having sex in the club casual sex in your area app to meet singles in your area free erotic ebony porn hot indian cam 40 plus nude
game of season episode sex scene free foot fetish dating site why do women ejaculate classy dating sites best free lesbian dating websites meet horny milfs
sex games with dice online tranny dating russian dating sites in usa sex with big tits mom find a date right now how to date a chinese girl
Holy is a brave girl! She didnâ€™t mind posing almost naked in a frosty and snowy forest. She was in a danger of serious pussy-freezing!
By 1847, Thomson had already attained a track record for a precocious and maverick scientist when he attended the British Affiliation for that Advancement of Science once-a-year Assembly in Oxford. At that meeting, he read James Prescott Joule building Yet one more of his, thus far, ineffective makes an attempt to discredit the caloric principle of warmth and the theory of the warmth motor built on it by Sadi Carnot and Émile Clapeyron.
Selling price Discrimination a hundred and one "Rate discrimination could be the exercise of charging distinct rates to diverse buyers. Despite the identify, the apply is normally authorized, given that it is not discriminating determined by race, gender, age, and many others. Ideal cost discrimination is definitely the theoretical best of charging each customer the maximum that they might spend. This is unattainable to attain in exercise, While attempting to approximate It is just a worthwhile aim. Some examples of rate discrimination are: hardback and paperback editions of books; "lite" variations of computer software that come with less characteristics or deficiency consumer aid; premium pricing for a lot quicker response; savings to cost-delicate shoppers willing to use Coupon codes or rebates; and quantity discount rates. Take into account that whenever you price tag discriminate you come to be your have competitor and must be very careful that You do not find yourself encouraging prospects who would've paid out the next price to select a reduce-priced Variation of your product or service." - Tom Murcko Why the Financial Sector Exists "All the fiscal industry exists to promote solution. If you do not realize this simple maxim, you'll be misled time soon after time." - Timothy Vick nine Strategies to Build Consistant Profits Streams (8 of nine) "8.
Scientific biographers of Thomson, if they've compensated any consideration in the slightest degree to his compass innovations, have usually taken the issue to become a sorry saga of dim-witted naval directors resisting marvellous innovations from the superlative scientific thoughts. Writers sympathetic to the Navy, However, portray Thomson as a man of undoubted expertise and enthusiasm, with some authentic expertise in The ocean, who managed to parlay a handful of modest Thoughts in compass design and style right into a industrial monopoly for his have production concern, using his standing for a bludgeon during the legislation courts to beat down even tiny promises of originality from Many others, and persuading the Admiralty along with the regulation to overlook both equally the deficiencies of his possess design as well as virtues of his competition'.
Notify us relating to this review if it includes your particular info, language you discover offensive, or you believe the Freeindex assessment is pretend. Read through more
Yakaz is really a internet search engine for all nearby categorised advertisements. Persons use This great site to buy and market automobiles, housing, in addition to a ton a lot more.
with David Rivers Become a electricity consumer of Microsoft Term by Understanding the best way to use extra characteristics. Test back again each week for your new online video to obtain time-conserving tips for dealing with formatting, kinds, templates, and a lot more.
with Anil Gupta Learn the way to maximize the benefits and lessen the costs and dangers when leading an organization internationally. Uncover how to connect with the nearby market place, deal with throughout cultures, develop world leaders, and even more.
[twenty] By utilizing this kind of "waterfall", Thomson postulated that a degree could be achieved at which no even more warmth (caloric) can be transferred, the point of complete zero about which Guillaume Amontons had speculated in 1702. "Reflections about the Motive Ability of Heat", published by Carnot in French in 1824, the 12 months of Lord Kelvin's start, made use of −267 as an estimate of absolutely the zero temperature. Thomson utilized facts printed by Regnault to calibrate his scale from founded measurements.
with Don Phin Find out how to create a actually productive worker handbook. Learn about the lawful factors to possess a handbook, the cultural components of this vital document, and the way to share your concluded handbook with staff.
Notify us relating to this assessment if it has your particular data, language you find offensive, or you believe the evaluate is phony. Read extra
EPage was among the list of initially “dot com” corporations on the earth, founded in 1994 as an “Web only” business committed to delivering the most effective classified and auction products and services to its consumers.
Discover mountains, forests, and lakes to observe wildlife and witness the drama of the purely natural entire world unfold. Find out the history that led for the conservation of our nationwide treasures “with the profit and enjoyment on the men and women.”
It can be hard to point out a assets in it is best gentle in under two minutes and/or by only utilizing the camera in your pocket. It really is unlucky that they don't give the chance to upload or embed the next-high quality, greater-created video clip. Whenever they extra this feature, it would be An important enhancement to their FSBO listing System.
Getting your fondant or cookie dough even when rolling out large pieces can be tough. Chef Alan shares his tips and tricks for using leveling strips in this short instructional video. Learn how easy it is to get consistent thickness…
October 11, 2017 Administrator	0 Comments cookie decorating, day of the dead, decorated cookies, halloween, Haniela's, how to, how to make, royal icing, skull cookies, sugar cookies, sugar skull cake, tutorial, video
raised pet bed extra small dog bed extra small dog bed extra small dog beds raised pet bed with raised pet bed hammock.
raised pet bed nz with stairs dog large plans,raised dog bed wiring diagrams o pet hammock with stairs sides,raised pet bed with canopy new age dog memory foam stairs nz,raised pet bed hammock beds canada diy the 1 guide on best dog,raised pet beds canada dog bed elevated sided best uk plans,raised pet beds canada top best dog bed reviews care with dogs plans hammock,raised pet beds canada paws and purrs bed supplies with sides stairs,raised pet beds uk x large dog elevated bed hammock plans,raised pet bed with stairs sides hammock beds for dogs elevated large small,raised pet bed with sides stairs hammock original hi dog.
amazon garden recliner chair covers sofa uk set 2 with armrests and pockets,amazon uk recliner chair covers slipcovers garden sofa,sofa chair covers amazon enchanting reclining dining room chairs near me with casters decor garden recliner uk,sofa chair covers amazon uk recliner garden slipcover for pattern,sofa chair covers amazon recliner lovely cover uk garden,sofa chair covers amazon garden recliner uk cool chairs dark grey,recliner chair covers sofa amazon uk garden,amazon uk recliner chair covers garden chairs home design ideas sofa,sofa chair covers amazon uk recliner slipcovers for swivel rocker chairs home garden,amazon uk recliner chair covers garden reversible oversized sofa.
I would like more information about the home located at 223 East LINCOLN Highway #E DEKALB, IL 60115.
Anyway, I will be planning to update the forum to the latest version some Saturday if nothing comes up. It will be will take about 1-3 months if everything goes well.
Your generous donation has been received. I will be revived for a few days to fix some spam bot problems. :)
Now I shall be testing this backup with the latest version of SMF. In the latest SMF, there is finally proper mobile support and additional features. The upgrade to the forum may take some time as I would like to properly test the upgrade process on the backup.
Did it happen ? I don't have a mobile thing to test if the mobile version is a go, but I think 2.0.9. is the newest version.
Anyway, I will be planning to update the forum to the latest version some Saturday if nothing comes up. It will be will take about 7 months if everything goes well.
The latest version with the mobile support is 2.1RC. I am still in the process of testing it out on the backup.
If you right-click and hit properties you can see what you actually need to copy to post the image correctly.
In a not so surprising move this last week, the United States Congress announced that it had finally passed legislation that will reformat U.S Presidential elections into a celebrity reality TV show. Citing increased partisanship and political apathy in the U.S there was overwhelming consensus in the house that this was the right direction for the country.
“Let’s be honest,” said Massachusetts congressman Will Overstreet. “This was a long time coming. Americans share two things: a celebrity-obsessed culture that any other nation would see as unhealthy, and a complete disregard for the sanctity of democracy or the actual content of their constitution.” He added that “when Kanye West announced he’d be running in 2020, it was a real wake up call. We’d been considering this move in congress for a while and when that happened, we collectively decided it was time to pull the trigger on this one.”
Congress hopes that this move will calm the partisan politics that has plagued post 9/11 America. In an official statement, they said “you can’t ever definitively win a debate on a political issue, but you can win a weekly challenge on a survivor style game show.”
When asked about a host for the show, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said there was only ever “one real choice” as to who congress wanted to be the moderator of their new political extravaganza, and that choice was of course, Jeff Probst. The former survivor host will indeed be leaving the show to work on this new project with the United States government.
Each party will nominate five candidates to go to a remote island. These candidate will be joined by two “wildcard” independents. All nominations will be done via twitter. Once there, each candidate will be given only a suit/pantsuit, an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle, a holy bible, and a “small loan of a million dollars”. Over the next 11 weeks they will participate in a variety of physical challenges and puzzles until only one candidate remains. The prize for the winning candidate will, of course, be the highest office in U.S politics and all the rights and privileges that come with it. Including control of the world’s largest economy and a stockpile of nuclear warheads.
Both Republicans and Democrats have agreed to forgo primaries and pursue this new avenue of election. Nominations will begin immediately to select party candidates.
The show is expected to premier in late summer 2016 under the name “Who Wants to be President of the United States of America?” with the tagline “No platforms, no ideologies, just 12 celebrities, and one island”. A complete breakdown of America’s social and legal institutions is expected to follow within two months of the shows premier.
Come be a part of Golden Words! If you can read this paragraph you're good enough for us. Everyone is welcome, regardless of year, faculty, or discipline. You can join us for Press Nite, which is held every Sunday during the Fall and Winter terms in the EngSoc Lounge above the bookstore. Feel free to join in any time and hit us up with some of that world-class humor of yours that we've been hearing so much about. Please bring a laptop. We will provide you with free food.
The Coach House is an exciting and progressive project by Goldfields Group made up of 49 design-driven apartments located in one of Windsor’s most iconic streets, High Street. Windsor is one of the most sought-after suburbs for those who desire close proximity to Melbourne’s CBD as well as access to a wide variety of restaurants, bars, boutiques and cafe’s – not to mention easy transport solutions.
The Coach House will finally offer potential owner-occupiers or investors a quality offering befitting of one of Melbourne’s most forward-thinking suburbs. Architecturally designed over six levels, this development will house one and two bedroom apartments just a short stroll from Chapel Street. The living room interiors include state-of-the-art bluetooth speakers integrated into the ceilings and timber floors. In the kitchens, bronze tapware and stone-top benches add a contemporary touch.
"I can't... Those 5 minutes were enough haha I have a pb with the editing/directing/music AND plot. Sowrry I'm still thinking "wtf a robot/human romance""
She finishes and stands over me. Tina started to eat Sarahs pussy while Master gave Sarah a few hard strokes in her ass. The cabin only had four real rooms. Photos http:cpmlink. I cant say it. After 3 months, I decided to sell the barbeque stand to Mrs. When Best Facial Cumshot Compulation 2017 mouth is full she pinches it off so that I can chew and swallow it.
Yoshiko gasped as she hauled herself Pusy of Sayuris body. He explained he was there with the high school group but he wasn't getting along with his roommates who were argumentative and snored all night, too. She would never get Devil in her ass. It was my husband, but he didnt say anything.
Capital of Oman, Muskat is one of the most amazing places of the world. in fact, though touristically under the radar, Muskat has nothing to envy to other places. Sprung up on the Arabian Sea, Muskat is surrounded by a magical desert whose fine sand can constitute isolated beaches– where eggs of seaturtles can be […]
Dear Zindagi: With Alia Bhatt, Shah Rukh Khan, Aditya Roy Kapoor, Angad Bedi, Tahir Raj Bhasin. An inspiring cinematographer meets an unconventional thinker who revolutionizes her life, and helps her to find happiness. Paterson: With Adam Driver, Golshifteh Farahani, Kara Hayword, Sterling Jerins, Jared Gilman. This movie is about the life of a normal couple […]
Ingredients: 200 g prowns 1 stick lemongrass 1 teaspoon of ginger powder 1/2 lime 1 red chili 1 coriander 1 leek garlic salt black pepper seed oil Remove the external leaves of the stick of lemongrass, and dice the white part. Remove the stalk of the red chili and cut it into half. Crumble […]
Advanced toothpaste, Regenerate is an extraordinary product for your teeth. It reverses the process of erosion, restores the natural enamel, re-giving you the smile.
The Room Three, a physical puzzle game within a beautifully tactile world. Lured to a remote island, you must draw upon all your puzzle-so...
Become billionaire Tony Stark as Iron Man in this free, fast-paced, endless runner, the official game of the upcoming movie! Iron Man 3(鐵...
Don't give constant aids to keep your horse in a certain speed. Realise that every aid you give you want a response to it, and not just "maintaining the same".
Has quick movement. It seems to be attracted to blood, and attack those bloodied with extra vigor (Deals 2 more damage, may have bonus to attack). It focuses entirely on its victim, heedless of the damage dealt to its allies.
If you have a connection with graphic design or photography then you have probably heard about clipping path. Clipping path is the most common techniques used by graphics professional. This service is now more familiar in graphics outsourcing company. Clipping path is a popular segment of graphics designing. Clipping path are typically used to hide the background or background change of an image or may be used to transform an image into any shapes, making the masked portions transparent or to any color background. It is done by using Photoshop’s powerful pen tool. The great tool in Photoshop, “Photoshop Pen Tool” is used to create an outline around an object is called Clipping path when it’s active. The term ‘Clip’ means to cut off any object from an item and ‘Path’ means cut out way an image. So clipping path means deleting selected objects from the background. It is possible to move the object to any other background while clipped.
Clipping Path, the process of detaching the objects from their background is called isolating, and the isolating parts of the image are settled on а new background. It can make another image or simply to remove the background and changed its color. Clipping path is also very helpful for background remove service. It is mostly similar to background knockout services or deep etch/deep etching services and it is also a vast familiar term to the photographers, photographs studio, graphics design companies, various web shop or e-commerce, print media, advertising industry, brochure companies, magazine industry etc. You can do whatever by clipping path in а variety of graphic editing. Skilled generally use the pen tool to expertise themselves with more accuracy to the customer or client to replace an image in a new background. In order to display your images on web shop or in print or anywhere, it is important to remove background of these images and this is usually done with a clipping path. EZ Clipping is one of the most renowned graphics company in image editing sector especially for clipping path. Clipping path in design is very creative types of job for us. Our highly expertise team have a much experience about the method of clipping path/deep etching service. EZ Clipping is always committed to you for providing best quality of clipping path in design.
We offer a great DISCOUNT on BULK orders. If you have images need clipped/edited, please request a Quotation Here.
Logan Sama has just dropped this epic mix of 100% Wiley classics and it is nothing less than Grime at its finest with Logan drawing out a few tracks from yesterday which you might have forgotten.
Tugga War sits down with Stormin to blaze some Cro & discuss his career as an MC, His experiences in Jamaica, Being accepted by some of the biggest names in Ragga & much much more.
Is the US flag merely a ‘designated’ emblem or does it symbolize the honor of a precious social and political concept?
The United States Supreme Court decision concerning the case of Gregory Johnson, arrested for burning the U.S. flag during a protest demonstration at the 1984 Republican National Convention in Dallas, Texas, came just as that nation entered its most patriotic season, celebrating its independence from England. Perhaps that’s what stirred up so much opposition to the Court’s ruling, which stated that flag burning is protected by the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution as a form of political protest.
Five years later, Washington D.C. was filled with a flurry of proposals to amend the Constitution to prohibit flag burning, with speeches galore against the Court’s ruling and full of patriotic indignation.
A number of liberal-minded people take a two-pronged position that 1) a nation’s flag is just another “designated” national emblem and 2) anything that prohibits any expression of any idea is in violation of the First Amendment. Unfortunately, burning the flag in recent times has long becom the customary method of the enemies of the United States to express their hatred of that nation and its people. Thus, today, in the minds of a considerable number of U.S. citizens, someone who burns the U.S. flag is an enemy of that nation and its people. This quite possibly is not so, but events of the past 40 or so years have demonstrated that it very often is.
Or at least it seems to be in the minds of the majority of U.S. citizens. U.S. legislators were swamped by communications from their constituents protesting the Supreme Court’s ruling. Thus, there was a surge among Senators and Representatives to be “out in front” on this patriotic issue.
It’s difficult to find many citizens of other countries in this community — Canadians, Mexicans, citizens of England and France — who express approval of burning their nation’s flags. Mexico is particularly protective of its national symbols. Such an act does not seem to be a popular method of self-expression among the majority of people with whom I have spoken to concerning the question. And while most U.S. citizens agree that one of the basic concepts of U.S. democracy is the protection of the right to be wrong, the right to hold minority, controversial, or even culturally repugnant convictions, most of them disapprove of burning the U.S. flag.
I was reared in a community where the flag was revered, where one was taught never to let it touch the ground and no one, certainly not a community leader, would ever wear it. Well, that was another time, another place. And yet, in 1989 it was the era for which much of the United States seemed to be expressing fulsome, even overwrought nostalgia.
Much of the United States was also expressing a longing for “old-fashioned values,” which may explain why the Supreme Court ruling concerning the flag generated so much opposition. Many people north of the border said the fundamental values of their society were being diminished. Drug use, crime, teenage pregnancies and school dropouts were clear indications of this condition, said social critics. Certainly, employers had long noticed a problem with education, which seemed to range from poor to awful, failing to prepare either high school or college graduates for managing their personal lives or competently handling tasks in the work place.
Some observers argued that such values as respect for the nation’s flag are an appropriate place to begin social rehabilitation. These days, the nostalgia in 1989 for the 1950s seems feckless as well as baffling if it meant nothing more than wearing clothing two sizes too large and getting one’s hair cut short. And perhaps the indignation concerning the burning of the nation’s flag reflected an uneasiness with superficial wistfulness.
Both then and today, a great many U.S. citizens of both conservative and liberal persuasion believe the flag symbolizes the honor of a unique nation, of a precious social and political concept, and an exceptional community consciousness. Therefore, the flag itself has special value.
Many such people argued that anything may be done with the flag except to show unambiguous contempt for it, because such acts demonstrate contempt for all members of the community. This argument postulates that citizens are free to verbally denounce the flag, publicly burn other symbols of government or effigies of the nation’s political or other leaders, march in protest and demonstrate for or against any idea.
But in 1989, forty-eight states had laws prohibiting the burning and desecration of the flat — only Alaska and Wyoming did not. This presumably meant that a majority of U.S. citizens did not want their flag burned. A reasonable state of affairs, it seems to me.
Perhaps the condition of being an expatriate generates heretofore unrecognized, exceptional patriotic sympathies. For on reading that Gregory Johnson had burned the U.S. flag at the Republican National Convention, my first reaction was that it expressed a disheartening lack of imagination. It seemed to me that a great deal could have been said by Johnson, possibly about the growing deficit, government corruption or Ronald Reagan’s cuts in public assistance programs. But he said none of it by burning the flag. It was inarticulate, unpersuasive, ineffective and it seemed to me inappropriate — because it was pathetically beside the point, the product of a dull and empty mind, a stunted imaginative process.
Perhaps Johnson was merely the product of a poorly educated and increasingly valueless society. Or perhaps I’d been away from the United States too long and my July 4 spirits had been running away with me. Certainly, no newspaper editor is excited about advocating any blunting of the expression of ideas, of free speech, especially an editor who operates an expatriate publication. Perhaps it was merely my writing sensibilities — my aesthetic sensibilities, if you will — that were ruffled by such empty-mindedness. Whatever the case may be, Gregory Johnson’s action and its aftermath seemed to have failed to enlist the majority of U.S. citizens into the ranks of those who believe that flag burning should be protected by the First Amendment.
Copyright © 2018 The Guadalajara Reporter. All Rights Reserved. Hosted by ~ Monarch Hosting Services and Developed by LNDesigns
In a suburban community, a young child struggles with a dysfunctional family and a brilliant therapist creates a profound method to help others to be happy. They happen to live next door to each other.
Annie’s mother hides in her room or disappears for days at a time. Annie’s grandmother thinks Annie should never have been born. Annie’s father has abandoned them. Everyone in Annie’s life is unhappy, and she is learning to follow in their footsteps. But Annie notices there is something different about her neighbor. He seems full of joy, warmth, and love. Even though suffering from a serious illness, he spends his days helping others to be happy. People come from all over just to talk with him. Annie wonders what his secret is.
The Guru Next Door: A Teacher’s Legacy brings the spirit of personal development expert Bruce Di Marsico’s revolutionary concept — the Option Method — to the masses. This remarkable book shares both the author’s experience with the essence of the man and the thinking behind his reflective teachings.
Many of Di Marsico’s own unique writings and teachings are interwoven throughout this fictional tale. The result is an entertaining and spellbinding illustration of how loving and nonjudgmental questions can reveal secrets within all of us that lead to profound happiness.
The Huntsman in Cheadle, Staffordshire is a thriving country pub and restaurant which offers a wide variety of Real Ales and excellent quality home-cooked food at affordable prices.
The Huntsman was acquired in 2009 by two brothers, Kieran and Conor Devine after standing empty for several months. The pub plays host to three darts teams, a crib team, and a football team. Every Sunday night there is a Pub Quiz, and a folk music session every third Tuesday of the month.
The local branch of CAMRA has been quick to recognise the range and quality of the Real Ales served at The Huntsman. In 2013, the pub won the 'Pub of the Year' competition. CAMRA members can get a 10p discount on every pint of Real Ale with their members card.
The Huntsman has recently received a Merit award from CAMRA in recognition for being one of the Top 10 pubs in the Potteries for Real Ale.
Both Kieran and Conor originally come from County Dublin but have been in Staffordshire for some years. At The Huntsman, Cheadle you'll not only find great pub food and great beer but a real Irish welcome and great 'craic'.
Đánh giá kèo cược trận Crystal Palace vs Stoke City: Cả hai đều có khả năng chiến thắng – 88ms88.info
Original equipment manufacturer (OEM) names are the trademarks of each manufacturer. Unless specified as "Genuine," all OEM names and part numbers are for reference only. All prices are in USD - Copyright 2018 Filter Element Store. Powered by BigCommerce
The entry-level 2013 Nero d'Avola Alhambra offers varietal characteristics of red cherry, pistachio and black olive. Those aromas are presented in a clear and uninterrupted fashion. There is a touch of fruity sweetness on the close and the wine also shows the plushness and richness to pair with oven-roasted pasta or lasagna. Robert Parker: 88 points
I’m back home after a few days in northern Sweden. It’s been lovely, filled with fun new things and some unexpected rush knitting. More will come but for now, I need to satisfy basic needs such as food and sleep. Have a lovely Friday evening!
The shovel is, symbolically and paradoxically, an object associated with both the old and the new. It denotes the parallel acts of burying and unearthing, clearing and constructing. A mundane presence in the entire material economy of progress, it changes the present but promises nothing, only the certainty of shifting circumstances.
When Bembol De La Cruz uses the metaphor of the shovel to probe the idea of continuity, he implies the urgent question of what has indeed changed, and how, in these precarious times.
The artist has earlier utilized the shovel among the objects in his body of work: to probe into the paradox of exploration, truth, and memories through a series on various digging tools in 2013 titled Unearth, for instance. In this exhibition, De La Cruz produces a series of seven paintings of shovels, each paired with seven actual shovels, spanning the walls, like portraits and busts of both the dignified and the dead. This is capped by an installation work: a grid of grim monuments composed of individual shovels embedded in cement blocks.
By appearing as central—almost colossal—forms, the shovels take a dig at today. Together, these presences form quiet signs of the times: connoting the serial progression of corpses and cover-ups, exposes and expectations, changes and continuities unfolding before our very eyes. They hint at a sense of unease at what lies next, and a growing anxiety over what can be further revealed and removed.
For those they love and lost I (diptych), Bembol Dela Cruz, 2016, Oil on canvas and object on wood, 60×60 in
For those they love and lost II (diptych), Bembol Dela Cruz, 2016, Oil on canvas and object on wood, 60×60 in
For those they love and lost III (diptych), Bembol Dela Cruz, 2016, Oil on canvas and object on wood, 60×60 in
For those they love and lost IV (diptych), Bembol Dela Cruz, 2016, Oil on canvas and object on wood, 60×60 in
For those they love and lost V (diptych), Bembol Dela Cruz, 2016, Oil on canvas and object on wood, 60×60 in
For those they love and lost VI (diptych), Bembol Dela Cruz, 2016, Oil on canvas and object on wood, 60×60 in
The Four Old Men (4人組のじいさん, Yonin-gumi no Jīsan?) are non-player characters from Final Fantasy III. Originally from Amur, they believe that they are truly the Warriors of the Light despite the townsfolk ridiculing them. In the sewers of Amur, the Warriors of the Light have to rescue them from four Gigantoads (Goblins in the NES version). Afterwards, they return the favor by warning them about the fake Levigrass Shoes from Delilah. One of the Four Old Men is summoned by Unei and Doga to rescue the Warriors from Xande's Curse of the five wyrms.
The soundtrack contains the "Four Old Men's Theme", and it is played in some cutscenes at Amur and its Sewers. This piece was also used in Chocobo Racing as "Pleasant Journey". It is available as a battle background music for Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy as part of a downloadable content pack of three tracks from Final Fantasy III.
In Final Fantasy Brave Exvius, four greybeards can be found in the Town of Amore who are the town's heroes.
Random sex chat sex fortellinger Povbitch Quick cock in tight blondes pussy crea We're always working towards adding more features that will keep your love for porno alive and. Alesya Gagarina - Hardcore defloration 41 min. Not a free member yet? Amateur redhead Czech girl Belinda analyzed and Pretty Czech girl Sunshine fucked in the fittin Night hooker fucked by public agent.
Every now and again there emerges a rapper that possesses an aura that is immediately felt by all within earshot. That rapper I’m talking about in this instance is the coldest Mack in the game right now: 100s. Hailing from Berkely, California 100s has already established himself as the leader of the new funk wave with his previous mixtape Ice Cold Perm. Through that project, 100s taught listeners the essentials of the pimp game; 100s told stories of women tripping over each other at the chance to file his nails and braid his hair, it’s something very reminiscent of the classic pimp figures in the rap game.
My first time hearing of 100s was probably the same time as much of the world when he appeared on Rockstar’s Grand Theft Auto V with one of the smoothest records on the soundtrack. After that, Ice Cold Perm was posted to pretty much every rap blog and the rest is history.
100s’ latest offering is his 8 song project on Fool’s Gold with IVRY. The mixtape is short, but it is pretty damn good. The subject matter is very much similar to Ice Cold Perm being that 100s is trying to teach you fools a thing or two about being a mack and keeping that pimp hand skrong. He sounds a lot more comfortable and confident on these tracks and these instrumentals compliment his style very well. Go ahead and stream IVRY below, learn a thing or too, but make sure you vibe to this funky shit.
Oh, and if you’re headed to SXSW be sure to check him out performing down there. He’ll certainly be performing some of his new work.
When secretive new neighbors move in next door, suburbanite Ray Peterson and his friends let their paranoia get the best of them as they start to suspect the newcomers of evildoings and commence an investigation. But it's hardly how Ray, who much prefers drinking beer, reading his newspaper and watching a ball game on the tube expected to spend his vacation.
Growing up, the Toronto Maple Leafs were my Dad's favourite hockey team. That of course meant they were my favourite team (until I moved to Ottawa and came to my senses became a Senators fan). My first Leaf game, was an amazing experience in the old [Read more...]
This will help you, check this moving truck rental deals. We welcome everyone for piano lessons Mississauga
There are 3 major means I've found out how you can evaluate for HPV genital growths: 1. A visual examination[…]
The Genital Verrucas Treatment is exclusive, 100% reliable as well as less costly compared to a lunch out. Say goodbye[…]
This site contains an individual testimonial of wartrol, a genital warts and also HPV infection therapy as well as remedy.[…]
HPV is a typical sexually sent disease, and also both males and females could have outside signs of HPV. Figure[…]
Genital growths as well as cervical cancer cells could be brought on by Human Papilloma Infection полово възпитание
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
«Your ability to communicate is an important tool in your pursuit of your goals, whether it is with your family, your co-workers or your clients and customers.» Les Brown
Forum for questions, queries and information regarding the programming langauge C, and it's variations.
Programming questions and discussions which are not related to other the other forums in this section.
This is the place where we just hang out.. talk about anything. Post count will not be increased in here
In total there are 19 users online :: 1 registered, 0 hidden and 18 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
This is the place where we just hang out.. talk about anything. Post count will not be increased in here
Battlefield 3 is about to step out from under DICE's secretive cover -- and onto a magazine cover. The game is featured in the next issue of Game Informer, and the game's official site is expected to host a teaser trailer tomorrow.
The title will utilize DICE's Frostbite 2 engine, which promises numerous visual enhancements (see: deferred rendering, real-time radiosity), a new animation system that originated from EA Sports, and environments that are more destructible than ever before. The developer made it clear today that it had canceled other projects in order to focus on making Battlefield 3 "the best Battlefield game ever."
Battlefield 3 is expected to launch on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC. We're already eager to see how how all that fancy technology holds up across three different platforms.
Battlefield 3 is the true successor to Battlefield 2. Beyond our signature multiplayer, we have also included a full single-player campaign and a co-op campaign – all straight out of the box. As for fan favorite features, how does the return of jets, prone, and 64-player multiplayer (on PC) sound? All this built with our powerful new game engine Frostbite 2, which you'll hear and see a lot of in the months leading up to launch. For the full reveal on Battlefield 3, stay tuned for links to our cover stories hitting the gaming press throughout February
Reading through the game is going to be amazing on PC as expected DICE is a pc dev first and foremost.
they started on the pc but they did cancel BF1943 and OnSlaught for the PC to focus on BF 3, having said that pc is not as high a priority as it once was for them as the console market has exploded and they actually get return on investment. Too many pirated versions of pc software is a turn off.
As I have been working with the Xplico code for my work, I could not help but notice things that I would personally like to have incorporated into the project. Here are 4 particular changes/additions/modifications I would make..
CMake port. I notice that the project does not even use Autotools for its build system, and instead uses what appears to be raw, hand-written Makefiles. I don't really blame/(care about) this choice (Autotools is difficult - more difficult than just writing Makefiles) - it is just unexpected, because most projects I have encountered at least use autotools. I recommend an alternative to both Autotools and raw Makefiles - CMake. Ever since I first found CMake, I have used it for all of my C/C++ building needs. It is so easy to use in comparison to Autotools/makefiles that I now sometimes go out of my way to port projects to CMake. I highly recommend it for this project as well.
Object-oriented C++ port. I just don't like C anymore, and think everything should be object-oriented until there's a good reason to port it to C. I am probably biased (because I deal with more object-oriented projects/code, as opposed to C-style code), but I imagine that things would be better understood (both for newcomers and in the longrun) if things were organized in that way (maybe not). All of the PEI functions in xplico-src/dispatch/include/pei.h I can easily see becoming methods of a class (Pei, PeiComponent). Interfaces would be much clearer to see/understand at first glance - for example, it was weird for me to find that the interface that dispatchers need to implement was specified as some #define statements in dispatch/include/dispatch.h - it makes more sense to me to have those be methods of a IDispatcher() interface class. I hear more people know C though, and maybe the main Xplico devs are simply most familiar with C, and so started with that.
Update sqlite3_prepare() calls to sqlite3_prepare_v2() calls. This would be a small(er) change, but I don't know why the code uses sqlite3_prepare() as opposed to the newer (and officially suggested) sqlite3_prepare_v2() calls (see http://sqlite.org/c3ref/prepare.html). Maybe that is something that is planned, but just haven't gotten around to.
Python replacement of non-speed critical code (not all, but some). One example of where I would recommend Python to replace current C code would be with the command line user interface. I notice that the -h option says that command line arguments have to be in a certain order - I don't think that should be true; they should be in any order. Python's optparse module (and the newer argparse module) can handle all command line parsing easily - doing the same thing in C is just tedious and annoying to look at in comparison (I think). There are probably other places where Python could/should be used, but I would particularly recommend its use anywhere that is non-speed critical (Python is relatively slow). I just think that usability and productivity (programming in Python) beats operational speed (programming in C) most of the time, because you could just rewrite things in C/C++ later to make things faster (I know that sounds too idealistic, but it's true most of the time I think). I come from developing with a methodology like "prototype in Python; (production in)/(port to) C++ later, if and when needed".
I trust the core/main/experienced developers will reply with their thoughts/ideas with regards to these recommendations, possibly pointing out flaws in the suggestions - maybe there are good reasons not to take the recommendations stated above, and that it is also the case that I am unaware of them.
Another benefit of using CMake is that everything that gets built can be put in a separate build directory, as opposed to the way things currently are, where everything that gets built (and placed) in the source tree. After you type "make", all kinds of things clutter the source directory (the tmp and xdecode directories, *.o files, etc.). When working with Xplico, I (relatively) frequently have to do "make clean; make" to reset everything. Granted, things get cleaned relatively well when you do "make clean", it would be better if the trash weren't there to begin with, and instead be placed in another directory, which is what CMake can do. I think Makefiles are capable of this behavior though, but 1. I may be wrong, and 2. it may be possible, but might be a hack to do.
I just wanted to mention this because I just now experienced some trouble regarding this matter, and wished Xplico was using CMake so I would not have had to deal with it.
I agree with kizzobot's suggestion to use C++ and CMake. CMake is a cleaner way to creating portable makefiles. It has mechanisms to detect toolchains and libraries what makes the porting process more productive and is simple to learn.
Another suggestion I would like to add is to change the way dema looks for new files. Instead of searching sub-directories it would be better if it uses libinotify to receive new file events. Actually I'm trying to do that. I'm starting by creating a new dema.c with this implementation. Please correct me if I'm wrong but the entry-point to start decoding a file is SeDeStart right? Basically what I'll need to do is to receive events from inotify populate the needed structures and call SeDeStart to start decoding, am I right?
Sometimes we keep looking at the closed doors for so long that we dont realise when a new door opens!! Life is full of hope!
ouch!!! that really hurt... it was so beautifully penned... i read it again and again... the feeling it gave is unxplainable... its just beautifull...
I thought it'll be a cute poem when I started reading it. But by the time it ended, I was left with a sad and morose kinda feeling. :(
I love your new template. It doesn't distract the reader. Leaves us to concentrate fully on your new post.
freya, thnx grl. wud u blv it if i say tht i mised ur blog wen i was away. and urs was the frst one i checkd in reader wen i came back :)
Anything and everything you find here is a reflection of my thoughts, my inner soul. They might or might not have any relation with facts. The data might or might not have credibility. If anything sounds like fiction, they better be treated as one, rather than making a controversy out of it!
At http://ruffledsoul.blogspot.com, the privacy of my visitors is of extreme importance to me. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information received and collected by http://ruffledsoul.blogspot.com and how it is used.
-> Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to http://ruffledsoul.blogspot.com and other sites on the Internet.
-> Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
-> These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on http://ruffledsoul.blogspot.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
-> This blog has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Dr Scott Johnson is a community ecologist at the Hawkesbury Institute for the Environment at Western Sydney University. His group investigates insect-plant interactions with a view to enhancing ecosystem vitality. This ranges from more sustainable pest management to promotion of ecosystem services. His research purview encompasses global climate change, plant defences and aboveground-belowground interactions.
Dr Rose Andrew is a molecular ecologist who tries to understand connectivity, adaptation and speciation, and how they interact. Her group studies organisms ranging from Eucalyptus to ants and feral mammals.
Dr Chris Bycroft is a Senior Ecologist and Botanist for Wildland Consultants based in Rotorua. Chris is the current Treasurer and Immediate Past President of the New Zealand Ecological Society. Chris works in a broad range of terrestrial and wetland habitats, undertaking botanical and avifauna surveys. In his early career he specialised in tussock grasslands in southern New Zealand, since moving to Rotorua he has taken a special interest in geothermal ecosystems.
Dr Cate Macinnis-Ng is Vice President of the New Zealand Ecological Society. She is a Senior Lecturer and Rutherford Discovery Fellow in the School of Biological Sciences, University of Auckland. Cate’s research specialty is plant ecophysiology. She is particularly interested in the impacts of a changing climate on forest ecosystems.
Dr Ben Moore is a chemical and nutritional ecologist broadly interested in plant-herbivore interactions, particularly the interaction of eucalypts with marsupials and the koala gastrointestinal microbiome.
Jonathan Finch is a PhD student at the Hawkesbury Institute for the Environment Western Sydney University. His research relates to pollination mutualisms and plant-insect co-evolution
Dr Jane DeGabriel is a Program Manager with the Office of Environment and Heritage’s Saving our Species program. She is interested in using science to inform conservation policy and on-ground management of threatened species. Her research interests broadly include plant-herbivore interactions and mammal ecology.
Dr Brad Murray is a Senior Lecturer at the University of Technology Sydney and has research interests in ecology, evolution and biodiversity conservation. He works on the comparative ecology of plant flammability, particularly in the context of wildfires, and on plant-animal interactions in relation to the ecological impacts of exotic plants on native fauna.
Chris-PC Game Booster tunes Windows to use the CPU more efficiently. improves the network connection usage of your PC and decreases reads and write access times for your storage drives. All these tunings and parameters settings are done by Chris-PC Game Booster without patching the games files. and thus isn''t considered a cheating software by network games. Just install the program to grasp the extent of its power; You will experience better frame rates in your games and smoother online multiplayer experience without lags. All this with the same hardware and Windows system that you had before. without patching the games. You will not need to spend a bunch of money to upgrade your hardware nor buy an expensive new version of a game console to enjoy playing a game title that you like. The results are amazing! Try for yourself and be shocked to find the hardware power that you already own. being unleashed by the Chris-PC Game Booster. .
Game Fire is a FREE open source PC games accelerator utility that enables you to enjoy your favorite modern PC games by transforming your personal computer into a powerful gaming machine with a touch of button. .
Fast Game Recorder is a free game recording software designed to record your game video. Fast Game Recorde is the best Game. and Desktop Screen recording software. Function: It is a smart PC game and movie recording software to record and compress video and audio in real time! It will not laggard down your PC much. Fast Game Recorder is a smart PC game recorder to Capture your gameplay and Compress game video and audio on the fly while you are playing them! It''s really easy to use and extremely efficieny! Even a newbie can make a really nice video using this fast game recorder software.
Game Turbo Booste is designed to help optimize your PC for smoother. more responsive game play in the PC games. Game Turbo Booster makes it simpler to enjoy the latest games and take your experience to a new level. .
Gaming PC is a free utility that can help you boost the performance of your games by loading them in a minimal Windows environment by closing custom defined Windows processes/services. by defragmenting the game folder. loading the game with highest CPU priority and by tweaking Windows. .
Designed to help optimize your PC for smoother. more responsive game play in the latest PC games with the touch of a button. Game Booster helps achieve the performance edge previously only available to highly technical enthusiasts. .
Pinnacle Game Profiler is a program that allows you to emulate your keyboard and mouse with your video game controller. and otherwise customize the controller''s behavior. Many PC games do not directly support game controllers. but with Pinnacle Game Profiler you can use almost any controller to play almost any game! Games that normally require an awkward keyboard/mouse control system can now be played with your favorite gamepad!. .
What are RPG Games? Role Playing Games. or RPG Games as they are commonly referred to in the gaming world. are a category of games in which a player can assume any character he or she chooses to be. These games open up a whole new world of possibilities wherein one could take on a role either strikingly similar to their very own personality or the exact opposite of it. Today. some of the best PC games are of the RPG genre. .
Louise Tremayne is an experienced EFT Practitioner, Mindfulness Teacher, Coach and Therapist who specialises in helping people eliminate stress and anxiety. She offers sessions worldwide via the internet, or face to face in Okehampton, Exeter and Tavistock, Devon, UK. She loves to empower her clients by teaching them tools that relieve stress and anxiety.
Sign up to my monthly newsletter to receive my free eBook - "6 Tips to Overcome Blocks Using EFT". My eBook will teach you:
Archives Select Month September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009
Thanks for visiting, I hope you've found it helpful. I'd love to help you. Drop me an email, or give me a call to find out more.
A great many details come into play in the selection of the architect who will draw the agreed golf project. Rigorous evaluation of such details is vital for the economics of an investment.
Other decisive factors in the selection of the architect include previous works carried out by the architect on similar lands, countries or climatic conditions; the number of his/her ongoing projects; the influence of his/her architectural style on the amount of earthworks; his/her architectural solutions on the related land; architectural service fee; logistic advantages; his/her recognition level; after-project maintenance costs; and contribution to marketing.
Golf International has the capacity to evaluate most of the architects in the world according to above criterias.
Golf International is capable of assessing a great number of architects around the world against the aforementioned criteria.
Apartments For Rent In New Haven Ct is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Purchasing Titleist Pro V1 customized golf balls from golfballsgalore.com is the cost efficient way of achieving pro results without dishing out a ton of green. We offer the finest quality golf balls at the cheapest prices. Give your golf balls that personalized touch! At Golfballsgalore.com we offer you customized logo options—a fantastic gift and an ace in the hole approach to marketing your own business.
Special Note: Effective January 1, 2015 -Titleist will begin charging tax on balls drop shipped to six states and District of Columbia in addition to Florida.
Prior to finalizing the logo order Golf Balls Galore will verify with Titleist the tax charge to be added to the invoice total. For further information please contact us at (239) 597-6528
Titleist is still the #1 ball played on Tour. When you put your Corporate Logo on a Titleist you will make a definite impression.
There are no setup charges for Titleist Pro V1x Logo Golf Balls when you send us electronic art work.
Free shipping when we ship ground. The prices you for each category is for 1-logo per ball with up to 5 colors.
If you need a second logo, please call us or email us that you have this need. We will give you a very competitive price. info@golfballsgalore.com or call 239-597-6528.
Emma Rigby nude celeb This “graffiti” was spotted by a number of Globe readers last week next to Hollins Hey Hotel on Albion Street. Do you know who the artist is? Call Emma Rigby on 0151 649 4018 or email [email protected]
Emma Rigby free nude celebs She’s been showing off her shape in a series of revealing swimwear looks and on Wednesday Emma Rigby wore not one, but two sizzling looks. The former Hollyoaks actress donned a red hot bikini before looking beautiful in a blue two-piece and a pair of …
Emma Rigby celebrity nudes "I thought we just need to have better service," Moreau said. "I’m not sure how many crosses we had that went right to (Waubonsie Valley goalkeeper) Emma (Rigby). We’ve got to get those off the keeper. We hit too …
Emma Rigby naked Emma Rigby is a beautiful and talented British actress She has appeared in many TV and movie projects in her career Next up for Emma is the new movie A Hundred Streets While there are a lot of British actors making waves in Hollywood at the moment …
How many days can you survive camping in the woods? Face the darkness of the night on your own and spot the safe paths to walk your way back to the camping tent. Be careful with the snakes!
Bush Ambush is inspired by the classic minesweeper game, but with totally innovative mechanics and awesome artwork! It has a cool snake too.
Simply tap the bushes to remove them and pay attention to the shaking and flashing bushes around it NOT to tap them! Unless you’re in the mood for a snake bite. The goal is simple: get rid of all snake-free bushes and survive for the next night!
Survive through the nights and earn rewards to improve your hideout. Are you skilled enough to earn them all and have the most awesome camping tent to live in the woods?
Please note! This game is free to play, but it contains items that can be purchased for real money. Some features and extras mentioned in the description may also have to be purchased for real money.
Dental sealants are very thing coatings used to fill in deep grooves and pits in teeth that can harbor bacteria. Sealants are applied to healthy chewing surfaces of the teeth to prevent decay and cavities – especially among children. According to the Centers for Disease Control, tooth decay affects more than half of children ages 6 – 8, and even more older children and teens. By applying sealants, families can prevent decay and the save on the costs associated with filling cavities. If you plan to get dental sealants in Port Jefferson Station, the CDC recommends doing so shortly after the molars have erupted from the gums – usually beginning around age 6.
Many Port Jefferson Station parents choose sealants for their kids because it is more affordable and less invasive to prevent cavities than it is to treat irreversible dental decay.
Sealants are white or clear in color, making them virtually invisible when talking, smiling or eating.
Dental sealants cover approximately 90 percent of the tooth structure and are 100 percent effective when fully preserved on the teeth.
Sealants may be right for your child if he or she has molar teeth that are healthy and free of decay. Schedule a dental consultation for a complete examination to determine if dental sealants could be a preventative health solution for your children.
Your child will not experience any pain when sealants are placed. There is no drilling, and the entire tooth is left intact for the procedure. The tooth will be thoroughly cleaned and treated with a special gel before the sealant is painted on and cured. Although your child may at first feel the sealants on his or her teeth, the sealants are very thin and easy to adapt to.
Normal eating habits can be resumed after dental sealants are applied, although the sealants should be checked at every dental appointment for deterioration. Sealants that are damaged or missing can be replaced.
The article describes the history of interactions between the social structures of the freshly conquered Inca realm and the Spanish-designed structures brought on by the colonization of the New World. The article mentions the replacement of top sovereigns and elites of the Inca empire by Spaniards. In the beginning, the pace of changes within the lower and local social classes was very slow. Overall, the replacement of political structures was a time-consuming, top-down process.
Morocco has a long history of relations with the American states. Diplomatic relations with independent governments were preceded by a number of trade links. After the first wave of revolutions against Spanish colonial dependency the freshly formed states of South America participated in interesting events, which relate with their occasional maritime presence in the ports of Morocco. This had started with the 1821 arrival of the Venezuelan ship "Nuevo Congreso" in Tangier.
Dziubiński gives accounts of different occasions on which Columbian ships visited Moroccan ports. Their presence included attempts to establish diplomatic relations with the Moroccan government. Dziubiński judges this presence as diversion aimed at Morocco's neighbor and former Columbian sovereign, the Kingdom of Spain.
Zyblikiewicz's article describes Woodrow Wilson's foreign policy toward Latin American states, which was shaped chiefly by economical considerations. Woodrow Wilson very soon started to create a basis for such foreign policy, starting with fdeclarations of friendship and brotherhood with Latin American states few days after taking office. Various measures towards different actors from multiple Latin American states were taken to reinforce this policy.
The Seventh Pan-American Conference in Montevideo (VII Conferencia Panamericana de Montevideo) held in December of 1933 was the first manifestation of new a political line of the Cuban government led by Grau San Martín. The Conference took place just a few months after the Revolution of 1933 which overthrew Gerardo Machado's dictatorship. The previous Pan-American conference was held in Havana and not all Latin American countries recognized the previous Cuban government. Similarly, the new Cuban government was not fully acknowledged at the time. Another important dimension of international politics lied in the complex and tense relations with the United States.
The Paris Peace Conference of 1919 was attended only by a limited number of Latin American states. The conference was organized by the Allied victors. Despite incomplete participation the Conference aimed to set up major frameworks for of global politics. The presence of Latin American states which did not directly participate in World War I was partially related to their support for the major forces behind the conference, e.g. the United States. The article describes this and other Latin American related issues of the Paris Peace conference of 1919.
The article describes the complexities of Argentine foreign policy between 1939 and 1945. After the beginning of World War II Argentine declared neutrality in the conflict. This was opposed by Argentine citizens and entrepreneurs. Great pressure was put on Argentina to denounce its neutrality after Pearl Harbor, as United States wanted all Latin American countries to support the Allies.
it's about whatever, but harper's a good excuse. this site is copy-free. 'the respect of wisdom' means once something is spoken or written it belongs to everyone. courtesy is to give credit to the person who altered what is already known - collective consciousness.
It's good to refer to people like Bush and 'Shrub' Harper as Hitler. It's good to protest Canada's extension of troops to Afghanistan. It's good to keep an eye out what we are doing internationally, nationally and locally.
We're avoiding something though, and that's the ongoing genocide of Native Indians in Canada and the United States (Turtle Island). Harper may better be portrayed as General Custer. CONTINUED Native Indian genocide is considered the largest genocide in world history.
Some non-natives feel they have no right, no voice to express their stand against how the government deals with First Nations. Everyone has every right and it will take all to help.
One of the barriers came down today at Caledonia as a goodwill gesture by Six Nations, while some Caledonian non-natives erected their own barricade. the mindset of 'The Colonizer' has brainwashed too many. That's pretty caustic soap they've been using, must have a high 'lie' content (pardon the pun).
MIGHT VS RIGHT: The winners write the history, and determine curriulum. I think this is a major factor in the wide-spread ignorance of the general Canadian public about Aboriginal issues today. Education is THE KEY. Keep up the good work.
Stupid Famous People Winner #12 is The Anon of ....no blog!!!! The Anon is a frequent commentator here and at many other sites. he/she pops about on a regualr basis and, well, it wouldn't be a day without The Anon stopping by...what else can i say, that's a huge compliment unto itself. Hey The Anon, always feel free to sit down in your fave comfy chair at Harper Valley, I'll stoke the fire and you can comment away while I make ya some good hot chocolate :) . ANSWER: Augusto Pinochet
For now I would just associate myself with Daniel Gilbert's post. While I appreciate the time colleagues and staff members on the USGSO have put into the process, I find myself in complete disagreement with this recommendation, and consider David Haig's dissent the only reasonable response to the matter. By the Statutes of the University this issue belongs with the FAS faculty, and the attempt to finesse that reality is to be resisted in the most vigorous ways. Otherwise, why bother turning up to faculty meetings, standing for Faculty Council, doing anything but teach, advise students and write. If this maneuver works, I'll certainly save myself the monthly 2 hours.
More importantly the notion that we would forbid students from joining clubs that are not involved in illegal activities is odious. I hold no brief for these off-campus (they are) Final Clubs, but the idea that we would dismiss a student for belonging to them is repugnant and a moment's reflection about recent and less recent history would back that up. I also don't see why fraternities and sororities should be effectively banned. What harm do they do beyond taking students away from the Houses and (soon) the Smith Center?
The trumpeting of the cases of Bowdoin and Williams–fine colleges–is not encouraging. Is that what we aspire to be? Are their locations, size, complexity, truly comparable? I also gather the reality of the Williams situation may have been slightly misrepresented.
Finally, there may be a student death tomorrow that may be connected somehow to one of these Clubs. So far I think those have happened mostly in the Houses. If that happens it will be tragic but would not change anything. The very possibility seems to have become a weapon in the arsenal of those who want this policy to happen. I think we should all resist this sort of sophistry.
I am Gordon McKay Professor of Computer Science in Harvard's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, where I have taught since 1974. For eight years, from 1995-2003, I served as Dean of Harvard College.
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on The Kitchen Link's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by The Kitchen Link at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
The materials on The Kitchen Link's web site are provided "as is". The Kitchen Link makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, The Kitchen Link does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the u se of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
In no event shall The Kitchen Link or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on The Kitchen Link's Internet site, even if The Kitchen Link or a The Kitchen Link authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
The materials appearing on The Kitchen Link's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. The Kitchen Link does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. The Kitchen Link may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. The Kitchen Link does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
The Kitchen Link has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by The Kitchen Link of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
The Kitchen Link may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Any claim relating to The Kitchen Link's web site shall be governed by the laws of the UK without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
The Department of Justice has once again petitioned the Supreme Court to intervene in pending cases over the future of DACA, or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, the Obama-era program that protects immigrants who were brought to the USA illegally as children.
In this October 9, 2018 photo, police office guards the main entrance to the Supreme Court in Washington.
DACA, which was created after President Barack Obama signed an Executive Branch memorandum, gives some illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States as children the opportunity to receive a renewable two-year period of deferred action from deportation and become eligible for a work permit.
Solicitor General Noel Francisco announced Monday evening that the Department of Justice filed a legal request, known as a writ of certiorari, asking that the Supreme Court take up the case to prevent the issue from remaining unresolved for the coming year.
"It is assumed that the Court of Appeals will proceed expeditiously to decide this case", the Supreme Court's February order read. "USTelecom will continue to support that order from challenges in Washington, D.C. and state capitals".
In that case - like in the other lawsuits over this issue - challengers say that the White House acted "capriciously and arbitrarily" in ending DACA.
The appeal was unusual in that the FCC's 2015 net neutrality rules have already been repealed under the current administration, following a Commission vote last December in which members voted 3-2 along party lines. Four of nine justices must agree to hear a case, but only three voted to grant the petitions. "The ISPs went all out to push FCC Chairman Ajit Pai to repeal the agency's net neutrality rules - and then ran to the Supreme Court looking for a do-over on earlier cases that rightly upheld those rules". Roberts owned stock in AT&T-owned Time Warner, while Kavanaugh took part in the case when he was a judge on the DC Circuit appeals court, Bloomberg Supreme Court Reporter Greg Stohr noted.
Today, the United States Supreme Court rejected an appeal from the telecommunications industry seeking to vacate the D.C. Circuit's 2016 decision to uphold the FCC's 2015 net neutrality rules.
The legality of the separate DACA program for undocumented immigrant youths had never been tested in court (although an expansion of that program fell with the court rulings against the program for undocumented parents). The change fits with the deregulatory stance of the Trump administration.
Colorado law requires that a first-degree murder conviction brings a mandatory life sentence without the possibility of parole. The plea deal states that Watts will serve consecutive life terms for the three murders, news media reported.
Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi was allegedly killed and dismembered inside the Saudi consulate in Istanbul , Turkey. The kingdom's public prosecutor, Saud al-Mojeb, later said that the journalist was killed in a premeditated attack.
Total turnover for the two-day event was $157,445,841, the fifth highest since Breeders' Cup adopted a two-day format in 2007. Jaywalk punched her ticket to the Breeders" Cup with a victory in the "Win and You're In' Grade 1 Frizette at Belmont Park.
World Rugby said there were no citings arising from the test following reviews, or from the Wales-Scotland and Ireland-Italy matches on Saturday.
If Amazon's shipping costs keep rising at a similar pace, they could easily top $9 billion in the current quarter. By waiving the minimum purchase requirement, hundreds of millions of items will be eligible for free shipping.
The booking of the entire show was quite questionable, but at the end of the day, it was a historic and memorable show. WWE's "Crown Jewel" event streamed live on the WWE Network from 11 AM EST until late into the 3 PM hour.
Each pill, placed under the tongue for quick absorption, would have the same impact as five milligrams of intravenous morphine. The numbers say it all: More people die in the USA each year from drug overdoses than from breast cancer.
Otherwise, you'll have to vote by provisional ballot and return by Friday 5 P.M. with required ID if you want your vote to count. If you are registered to vote and have not moved since the last election, your polling place has most likely not changed.
This is the outcome that most experts, and polls, are predicting once the midterms are said and done. "I just hope it's enough". Trump warned Americans would "lose all of their money" if the GOP was defeated because the stock market could take a hit. "Sen.
Pramintohadi Sukarno, the Ministry of Transportation's acting director general for air transportation, said Flight No. Indonesian officials said on Wednesday they would extend the search by three days.
Diablo Immortal is built from the ground up for mobile and is co-developed by Chinese gaming giant Netease. Right now, the Diablo III subreddit is (appropriately for a game about a denizen of hell), on fire .
Bolsonaro pledged not to hire anyone tainted by corruption charges. Interest rates are at an all-time low of 6.50 per cent.
He recused himself the next day, saying it would be inappropriate to oversee an investigation into a campaign he was part of. Several hours after announcing the new AG via Twitter, Mr Trump was once again condemning the Mueller investigation.
The conversation also touched on when Chris and Geri used to date in the 90s, with Mel B reacting to Chris saying he knows Geri "inside out".
Her upset drew comparisons to progressive Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez 's victory in a New York House primary in June. Tlaib also becomes the first Palestinian-American in Congress and Omar the first Somali-American.
We expect third parties to shortly launch their own takes of the keyboard case, which may come in at a lower price point. In line with Apple's bid to keep people using only their products, the headphone jack is also gone from the new models.
And before that, CEO Jeff Bezos - whose fortune is tied to his Amazon stake - became the world's wealthiest man in recent history. The Raleigh-Durham area was one of 20 in the US and Canada in the final running to lure the Amazon site, dubbed HQ2.
Both sources were not permitted to talk to the media about Iran sanctions and declined to be identified. Companies that monitor Iran's shipments are already seeing a drop in tanker activity this month.
Every seat in the House, 35 seats in the 100-member Senate and 36 of the 50 state governorships were up for grabs. The call came shortly after Pelosi's remarks, which were broadcast on the main cable networks.
Wolves had a goal disallowed for offside before halftime, although replays appeared to show that it was an incorrect decision. It certainly has brought Wolves success with the Portuguese coach picking up the manager of the month award in September.
SCREENSHOT / THE KNOT The couple's page on The Knot remains active. "Our hearts hurt now, but we know this is not forever". The National Transportation Safety Board says it's investigating the crash and the cause is not yet known.
Rapper Mac Miller's cause of death was revealed on November 5, and coroner's say he died of a mixture of fentanyl and cocaine. Miller, whose full name is Malcolm James McCormick, had battled with substance abuse for years, according to several reports.
After the all-female pop group confirmed they're reuniting for a United Kingdom tour, Victoria Beckham addressed her absence. The girls released three studio albums and 13 singles - with nine of them going to number one in the UK.
The company reportedly found the claims against Rubin credible, but still gave him a 90 million dollar severance package in 2014. The Google Walkout account said there were also walkouts in London, Singapore, Tokyo, Zurich, Berlin and Haifa in Jerusalem.
Immediately after Cormier's maiden 265lbs title defence, attention turned to the prospect of him have a trilogy fight with Jones. Weidman stunned Souza with a right that smashed the Brazilian's nose, making it spew blood for the remainder of the first round.
As a result, sanctions lifted by the USA and others in 2016 are now being unilaterally re-imposed by the United States. Trump said the deal, approved by predecessor Barack Obama, was weak and flawed in Iran's favour.
The rebels were using the air base to launch attacks on the kingdom with drones and missiles, the spokesman, Col. The Saudi-led coalition had not yet commented on the Houthis' statement.
An AnthologyRead up on a collection of dark and gripping stories based on real life incidents and catch the hidden lessons to learn from them. Also featured on NaijaStories.com
On today's flashback post, we showcase the picture of founding members of Performing Musicians Association of Nigeria on a visit to the then President of Nigeria, Alhaji Shehu Shagari at the State House, Ribadu Road, Lagos. These were the rich crop of pioneer artistes who paved the way for different genre of Nigerian artistes today. Some are dead and some are still alive.
lol...I know there are many readers who are unfamiliar with some of these people, especially those born in the nineties. But that does not say they can't be familiar with the likes of Onyeka Owenu, Ebenezer Obey, King Sunny Ade and Kris Okotie who's now the Pastor of Household of God church.
Javier Ricardo Alfaro was self taught. No formal training; Passion and a beat were all he needed. His inspiration for new moves comes from studying the past (i.e. Michael Jackson.) Javier started battling hip-hop dance styles like popping, locking, break dancing, and krumping. After graduation, he decided to start going out in the community and begin teaching upcoming dancers.
Javier is in a well known crew, DA VGz, which performs at local events around the city. He is always working on his craft and never sets any boundaries on his choreography. He is always challenging dancers with intricate and innovative dance moves. The LDDF family welcomes his unique style of Hip-Hop!.
This site is optimized for a resolution of 1024x768 or higher , using IE 8.0 or higher/ Designed by qnetww.com
Hi, Thank you for visiting. I'm using this site to show how others benefit from these resources. Feel free to check out the Testimonials.And remember to get your Free ebook All Of Grace. ok?
So how can you go to heaven? Only believe. Accept the work already done, the work of Jesus on the cross. Accept the goodness of Jesus Christ.
ROLL CALL!! Check-in with everyone here. Tell us all where you are from and one fun fact about you!… ROLL CALL!! Check-in with everyone here. Tell us all where...
This entry was posted in Max Lucado, Sermons and tagged Max Lucado, Sermons by jamesyee. Bookmark the permalink.
Prayer for Finances: “God, You are the owner of everything I possess. And You provide for me as You…
This blog is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
“The people in the group reminded me that I’m not alone and that life is not a battle that’s meant to be fought alone,” junior Almarie Mata said. Photo courtesy of Orlando BeltranWhen clean water becomes a treasure a...
Photo by Lauren CaldwellPositive energy fills the room as high school girls from across San Francisco gather at the South San Francisco Conference Center for the 18th annual Young Women’s Health and Leadership Summit. Young wome...
Seniors Maria Wangamez (front) and Rhea Sharma present their project before a panel at Hack the Fog, San Francisco’s first high school hackathon. Photo by Lauren CaldwellIt’s 2 a.m. on a Sunday, and a room full of high school stude...
Lowell students participate in a 17-second moment of silence honor the Parkland shooting victims. Photo by Tobi KawanamiThis Wednesday morning, Lowell students joined thousands of other schools across the nation in walking out to stand in solidarity with the victims ...
The Lowell staffClick on the photoDear The Lowell readers,This month we have decided to do a giveaway in conjunction with the release our newest edition of The Lowell, “ Time’s up”.Here’s how the give away works-After you have r...
By Sofia Woo and Allison JouIllustration by Hannah CosselmonWith this year’s class of 2018 graduating in a few months, recent changes in the graduation date has caused confusion amongst seniors. Graduation has traditionally tak...
By Kate Green and Beatriz DurantIllustration by Hannah CosselmonSophomore English honors courses have permanently ended this semester in a district attempt to eliminate inequitable tracking towards Advanced Placement English...
By guest contributors Reto Simonet and Tim AebersoldIllustration by Naomi HawsleyFor three weeks in late October and early November, a high school class from the Enge Canton School in Zürich, Switzerland visited Lowell. Nine Lowell jun...
Sophomore Tala Rahal catches a wave. Photo by Ciara KosaiBefore the sun awoke from layers of rain clouds, before the barking of dogs pierced the calm and before the colorful surfboards decorated the ocean, Lowell’s swim cla...
This year’s spring musical, Seussical the Musical, is based upon the works of Theodor Seuss Geisel, also known as Dr. Seuss, and developed by composer Stephen Flaherty, writer Lynn Ahrens, and writer Eric Idle. Seussical incorporates ch...
https://medium.com/media/d000dc1158b8301816acd2cfb5aa95a0/hrefMost students arrive at school lugging textbooks, but one Lowell junior comes equipped with hair clippers.Colin Sommerfield is a barber-in-training, and Lowell’s campus is his barbershop.At the start of this school year, Sommerfield began offering free haircuts to other students, u...
Lowell alumnus Chuck Wilt (middle), joined by Kyle Filley (left) and Rebecca Margolick, visits the Lowell dance department and demonstrate some of his works. Photo by Shyla DuongLowell alumnus Chuck Wilt (2010), a New York City-...
Outgoing President of the Chamber of Commerce Jim Breedlove addressed a sold out crowd on Tuesday night for the annual end of year chamber banquet and award ceremony held at Tartan Hall. Breedlove emphasized the importance of a successful community by the people who work and serve, and for 2016, one Franklin resident was recognized for going above and beyond to not just contribute to the community as a business owner, but to dedicate his time to giving back. Recognizing his continued community involvement, Timothy Crabtree was named the 2016 Chamber of Commerce Citizen of the Year.
“I am honored to receive the award,” said Crabtree. “I share the award with so many other people that work harder than me. I play a small part in many organizations that have so many amazing people! It’s a pleasure helping others achieve our goals in Franklin, NC!”
In addition to owning and operating Motor Company Grill and Crabtree General Store, Crabtree volunteers countless hours serving on various boards and volunteering to help charity events all year long.
For the last two years, Crabtree has partnered with the Macon County Sheriff’s Office to host “Tip a Cop” a fundraiser event that Crabtree came up with to raise needed funds for the county’s Shop with a Cop Program, which provides Christmas gifts to children in need in the community. Motor Company Grill and the Crabtree family offer the use of the restaurant for the night and with law enforcement officers as the servers, 100 percent of the tips generated are donated to Shop with a Cop.
When the fires first broke out in Macon County in early November, Crabtree was one of the first businesses to step up and donated hundreds of sub sandwiches to the firefighters on the ground fighting the blazes in Macon County. Crabtree also partnered with Joe Kennedy of Twice Played Sports to organize a “Friends of Firefighters” event to raise needed funds for the local volunteer fire departments who have been working alongside U.S. Forest Service officials as the fires burned in Macon County. Crabtree and Motor Company Grill donated spaghetti dinners to raise money for the cause.
This past Halloween, Crabtree signed up for the Safe Kids event hosted to provide children with food allergies a safe trick-or-treating experiences. Safe Kids purchased non-candy treats for all of the Main Street businesses in support of the Teal Pumpkin Project and Crabtree was one of many businesses who stepped up to hand out the treats on Halloween.
Crabtree worked with members of the community to organize the Haunted Corn Maze at Deal Farms, to benefit Special Olympics. Crabtree worked with Seth Adams and Joe Deal to plan a month long event at Deal Farms that not only generated business for one of Macon County’s longest operating farms, but generated tourism and raised funds for Special Olympics.
Again this past Christmas, Crabtree hosted Cookies for Santa. a free event at Crabtree General. The store has hosted this event for the last three years and was something he took over after the town decided they didn’t want to continue it. Crabtree saw a need in the community and wanted to be sure that children still had the opportunity to see Santa. He and his staff put up a mailbox and personally responded to every Letter to Santa that they received. The time and effort this takes, with it being a 100 percent free community event, other than the donations that are accepted for KIDS Place during the event, is commendable.
Crabtree also volunteers as a performing member of the Overlook Theater Company which puts on first class performances at the Smoky Mountain Center for the Performing Arts, volunteering his time to bring smiles to families in and around Macon County for years.
Eric Haggart of Timeless Moments Imaging was awarded the Chamber Member of the Year Award. Haggart has been a member of the Chamber for nearly 10 years and has previously served on the Chamber’s Board. In addition to volunteering to sing at Chamber events such as the annual Fourth of July Celebration and the Mountain High BBQ Festival, Haggart often volunteers his time and talents to help promote Franklin and all it has to offer. Haggart currently serves as the Chamber’s photographer, capturing breathtaking views all over Macon County. Haggart is also the sole manager of the Chamber’s social media sites, which generates millions of views and engagements with the public.
“We are very honored that Mr. [Gary] Shields nominated our Quilts of Valor Bee for the Club of the Year award,” said Nancilee Dills, president of the Smoky Mountain Quilters Guild. “About a third of our Smoky Mountain Quilters Guild members participates in the Quilts of Valor Bee. This past year alone, we have awarded 98 quilts to service men and women. Since the beginning of this group in 2008, we have awarded 757 Quilts of Valor, including our entire local National Guard Unit when they returned from Afghanistan several years ago. Carlie Nichols is the chairman of this Bee, and has done an outstanding job keeping all this organized. Each quilt has a handmade label with the recipient’s name written on it and its own presentation case, and each recipient receives a hand-written thank you letter for their service to their country.”
While the Quilts of Valor Bee were specifically recognized on Tuesday night, the Smoky Mountain Quilters Guild has also given approximately 400 quilts a year (for at least the last 10 years) to Angel hospital and Macon Program for Progress’ Head Start. The have also donated StoryBook quilts (books that have matching quilts) to Macon County Elementary Schools, Fontana Library System, and to Head Start. The group participates in all the local festivals and are available to talk to school groups and others about quilting and about Quilts of Valor.
Chris Brouwer presented Brianna Norris with the 2016 Youth Citizenship Award. Norris has been an consistent volunteer in the community for years, volunteering her time to help organizations such as Kiwanis Club, The Smoky Mountain Pregnancy Care Center, REACH, March for Dimes, serves as a junior volunteer at Angel Medical Center, Macon Tracs, and is active in her church. Norris is also an honors student at Franklin High School, who participates on the FHS Dance Team, Upward Bound, and Student Council. When she isn’t volunteering, she still manages to find time to pursue her passions of horseback riding, archery, and dance.
Breedlove presented the first ever Chamber President’s Award to David Myers. Myers was recognized for his leadership in helping to plan and organize Chamber events such as the Mountain High BBQ Festival, which celebrated its eighth year last year. Breedlove noted that after seeing Myers’ diligent work on behalf of the Chamber over the last year, he wanted to recognize him with the first ever President’s Award.
In addition to the first ever President’s Award, Breedlove also presented the Chamber’s first ever Distinguished Service Award to Brittney Burns. Burns was recognized for her work establishing Macon County’s first Safe Kid Coalition, for which she serves as chairman, organizing car seat safety checks, bicycle rodeos, Public Safety Days and a hot car demonstration. Burns is also active in Read2me, a literary nonprofit organization which funds the Dolly Parton Imagination Library and early literacy initiatives such as Story Walks and parent training seminars on the importance of raising a reader.
Lisa Leatherman with Duke Energy attends the Chamber Banquet each year and on Tuesday night presented the 2016 Duke Energy Citizen and Service Award to Mike Wilkins. Wilkins serves as the District Ranger for the Nantahala Forest Service for the Nantahala District. Wilkins has served as a district ranger for the Forest service since 1990 and with nearly a 30-year career to his credit, Wilkins stands as the longest serving ranger in the Eastern and Southeast region of the Forest Service. Wilkins was instrumental in the efforts late last year to battle dozens of wildfires that ravaged Macon County and all of Western North Carolina, serving as the Incident Commander for the Southern Area Blue Team of the United States National Forest. Along with the award, Wilkins was presented with a print of the Wayah Bald Tower.
Free Independent Weekly Newspaper - Distributed in Franklin, Highlands, Dillsboro, Webster, Cullowhee, Scaly Mountain, N.C.; Dillard & Clayton, Ga.
It was early in the morning of Sajibu Cheiraoba, the beginning of a New Year in Meitei Calendar. Far away from home, in Mumbai, with an English daily at hand, I was wondering what I could do my best to have an eventful day on this day. Then suddenly a call came. It was Ichemma. I was excited, not because of the invitation I got to celebrate Cheiraoba at her house, but it was rather of the green signal she gave to an appointment I sought. Soon I reached her nice and cute flat at Mira Road, a Mumbai suburb. It was amazing to see a Meitei woman managing all alone herself right from paying telephone bills to travelling to many place for several crowd pulling programs. Three Cheers to Ichemma!
Our Ichemma is none other than Smt. Laishram Mema, a pioneer of Hindusthani Sugam Sangeet in Manipur. Not knowing how to address appropriately, I follow the standard thing to address a Meitei lady as Ichemma with respect -often heard in Moiranghtem Inao's radio plays. Let's explore a little more about her....
Holding a couple of degrees namely Sangeet and Nritya Visharad from Bhatkhande College of Hindusthani Music, Lucknow, Ichemma is equally adept in Kathak Dance, Classical and Light Music. She has performed in various music concerts all over India and given programs in various languages besides Hindi and Manipuri at several All India Radio Stations like Imphal, Kohima, Silchar, Guwahati, Dibrugarh, Calcutta, Lucknow, Delhi, Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Bhoj, Bombay etc. During her fellowship course deputed by the Manipur State Kala Academy, she took special gharana lessons from Pandit Ratan Jhakar J.N. Natu, Sideswari Devi, Dr. K.G. Ginde, Pandit Jasraj and dance lessons from Vikram Singjee of Lukcnow. Besides giving programs in AIR and DD, she is also a play back singer of Manipur and Hindi Films. Her duet songs with celebrated Lata Mangeshkar for a Manipuri Film are highly acclaimed. Known as the 'Melody Queen' of Manipur --a title given in the All Manipur Light Music Conference, 1978-- Laishram Mema is the first artiste of Manipur who has been assigned for Hindi Films. In 1982, Sur Singar Samsad, Bombay, declared her the best playback singer and awarded S.D. Burman Award in the 7th Film Sangeet Sammelan. She also got the credit of giving music direction and playback of first Nepali Film produced in Manipur "Tyo Hanso -Yo Aansu". She was conferred the 'Surmani' Award in the 21st Kal-Ke-Kalakar Sangeet Sammelan held at Bombay, 1983. And in the same year, Digamber Jain Samaj Jain Samaj of Manipur conferred her the title 'Sur Sagar' for her dedication towards the Lord and the Perfection in Jain Bhajan. In recognition of her meritorious work, dedication and sacrifices for music, the government of Manipur honoured her by giving the prestigious 'Manipur State Award' during the Republic Day Celebration 1983.
Smt. Laishram Mema is not only a performer endowed with rich and mellifluent voice but also a dedicated worker for the promotion of music. She established the Jhafirband Sangeet Kala Academy in Assam and the Cultural Training Institute, Imphal in Manipur, with its branches at Lamphel, Khongjom, Ningthoukhong and Kalapahar. She has written a book 'Sur Vigyan' which is now a textbook for music in Manipur recognised by the Govt. She is also an external examiner of Bhatkhande Sangeet Vidyapith Lucknow. In the year 9186, she gave classical and light classical programme at Assam Sanskriti Sammelan held at Guwahati and at Lucknow Mohatsav at Uttar Pradesh. In 1988, under the Indo-British Cultural Programme, she gave programmes at various cities of U.K. She also visited many African nations for the cultural programme sponsored by Giants Groups of Nairobi. An advocate of music as an important role in bringing a change in the society, she writes, "To take full benefit of the music and to keep the youngsters away from the intoxicated drinks and unruly activities, it is the right time for the government to look after the music institutions by giving necessary aids and introducing music classes in every schools and Colleges for the popularisation of the music. It will be of great help in building the nation with an aura of peace and integrity. Hence, Music can be treated as an unavoidable subject of teaching for the welfare and unity of a nation" (in Sur Singar [1990], a magazine of the famous music organisation the Sur-Singar Samsad, Mumbai).
Once we were all set for a Meitei Cheriaoba luncheon, I let loose my curiosity of knowing her. With a warm smile and with much enthusiasm, she attended to my volley of queries. If necessary she modestly gave a few illustratory examples. Excerpts from Ichemma's exclusive interview for E-Pao and Laishram Memma's Interview With TheManipurPage
Turn on safe browse to hide content that has been flagged by the community as not safe for work. Turn off safe browse to show content that has been flagged by the community as not safe for work.
HELSINKI (Reuters) – Rovio Entertainment , the maker of the “Angry Birds” mobile games and movie, posted better than expected quarterly profit on Thursday, representing a fillip to investor confidence dented by a dramatic profit warning in February.
The Finnish company’s recent troubles have stemmed from tough competition and increased user-acquisition costs, as well as high dependency on the Angry Birds brand that was first launched as a mobile game in 2009.
However, adjusted operating profit in the first quarter of 2018 roughly doubled year on year to 10 million euros (8.8 million pounds), with Rovio citing growth in its top games and lower marketing costs.
Sales, meanwhile, were down 1 percent at 66 million euros on declining revenue from its 2016 Hollywood movie.
Shares in Rovio, which listed last September, rose 5.6 percent on the news, recovering a some of the 50 percent decline after the February profit warning.
“Quarterly projections are difficult for the gaming companies as costs may fluctuate significantly between quarters,” said OP Bank analyst Hannu Rauhala, who has a “buy” rating on the stock.
“But the report nevertheless shows some stability in their performance, which strengthens confidence.”
Rovio reiterated the full-year outlook that had disappointed investors in February, when it said that sales could fall this year after jumping 55 percent in 2017.
In the past months Rovio has announced the departures of its head of games and its investor relations chief while cutting the pay of its chairman and vice chairman.
Rovio expects a movie sequel to boost business next year and the company has also stepped up investments in its spin-off company Hatch, which is building a Netflix-style streaming service for mobile games.
← In Silicon Valley, Chinese ‘accelerators’ aim to bring startups home China launches first rocket designed by a private company →
Frankie and Jess (Zoo) Hollywood Headlines Frankie Jessica Wayne Kylie Podcasts: Frankie and Jess Text Topics Furry Friday Friends of the Show
Gabrielle announced the news on Instagram Thursday (November 8), captioning a series of photos of her holding her newborn daughter alongside her husband at the hospital: "We are sleepless and delirious but so excited to share that our miracle baby arrived last night via surrogate and 11/7 will forever be etched in our hearts as the most loveliest of all the lovely days. Welcome to the party sweet girl!" Her caption also included the lyrics to the chorus of "Lovely Day" by Bill Withers.
This is Gabrielle's first child and Dwyane's fourth. The baby girl joins half-brothers Zaire, Zavier, and Zion. Dwyane also has custody of his nephew Dahveon. So, that makes for four big brothers to watch over the newest Wade addition. (Good luck, girl!)
Last year, Gabrielle opened up about her struggles with infertility. She detailed her IVF journey in her book "We're Going to Need More Wine," saying, "For three years, my body has been a prisoner of trying to get pregnant — I’ve either been about to go into an IVF cycle, in the middle of an IVF cycle or coming out of an IVF cycle,." She also revealed that she suffered over eight miscarriages during that time.
Despite their years of failed IVF cycles, the Being Mary Jane star also wrote in her memoir that she and Dwyane had not given up hope on welcoming a new addition to their family one day. "[We] remain bursting with love and ready to do anything to meet the child we’ve both dreamed of," she wrote.
Free Medical-Aid, Hospital Plan, Funeral Plan or Insurance Quotations OnlineFree Medical-Aid, Hospital Plan, Funeral Plan or Insurance Quotations Online
Description: SECURITY TRAINING - PSIRA REGISTERED GET YOUR SECURITY GRADES NOW WITH US WE ARE SASSETA, PSIRA, NKP REGISTERED
Description: We specialize in the following: (1) Roof Repairs & New Roofs (2) Tile, Slate & Flat Roofs (3) Solar Systems ( Agent for Sunfarming (Pty) Ltd (4) Skylights - New & Repair (5) Water & Dampproofing (6) Roof Isolation (7) IBR (Metal) Sheets (8) Facades (9) Plaster Repair (10) Dams & Pools - New […]
Alan Winde wat gekies is vir ‘n hoër posisie kan dit dalk ‘n nuwe briesie van verandering vir DA wees
Each day, there are more people that have to make hard financial choices. With cutbacks and layoffs, and the price of everything constantly increasing, people have to make some tough sacrifices. If you find yourself in a sudden financial bind, then a payday loan may be able to help you. Follow these tips and tricks to get the best rates for payday cash advances.
Payday loans differ from business to business. Make sure you do your research prior to taking out a payday loan so that you get the best deal. If you do some research, you can often save money and make it easier to pay back the loan when it is due.
Make sure you know exactly how much your payday loan will cost before you get one. It can come as a huge shock to find out how expensive this type of loan is. Ask the company you plan to use about their interest rates, as well as any fees or penalties that may be charged.
Look into all of your options. If you are careful to find the right company and make sure you look at all of your options, you might find a place that has a good interest rate. Your past credit history will come into play as well as how much money you need. A little bit of research can save you a lot of money.
If you really need a payday loan and cannot obtain one in your home state, see if you can find a lender located right across the state line. It may be possible to cross over to the next state and get your payday loan there. Since funds are electronically recovered, you should not need to make more than one trip.
It is important to understand all the aspects associated with payday loans. It is essential you have all of your paperwork, and know when you have to make your payment. Failure to pay at the deadline could result in being billed a lot of money.
Always keep the due date of your payday loan in mind and don’t miss it. When you take out a payday loan, mark it on your calendar, and understand the interest rate. The loan amount and all associated costs must be available for the payday loan company to withdraw from your bank account on your agreed due date.
Don’t be surprised if the company you’re getting a payday loan from asks for bank account details. A lot of people don’t go through with getting the loan because they think that information should be private. The whole payday loan concept is to pay the loan company back when you get paid.
You should look to the BBB for information about your lender before signing with them. Before making anything official, speak with the BBB to see what kind of reputation the company has. After finding complaints, you are probably better off finding a different company to do business with.
Use the payday loan option as infrequently as you can. If you feel you are having problems, you might want to consider getting some sort of credit counseling, or help with your money management. Bankruptcy may result if you take out too many cash advance loans. You will only be able to ensure this never happens to you if you stay away from these kind of loans in the first place.
A lot of people can benefit from a payday loan in emergencies. Know the options available to you as you explore a payday loan possibility. With any luck, you will make a sound choice that will enable you to get back on track.
TIP! Many consumers improperly and irresponsibly use credit cards. Sometimes going into debt is necessary and understandable. When credit cards are good they are very good, but when they are bad they are evil. Bank cards are hard to handle properly unless you know what to do. You will find a great deal of advice […]
TIP! Never close out a credit card account without making sure that you know how it will affect you. You should avoid closing an account if it gives you a negative mark. When credit cards are used properly, you can earn perks and points so that you can have a great vacation or even just […]
Purchases must meet the minimum amount before taxes, shipping, and handling and after any other discounts are applied.By PROMO CONTENT \. 7 Best Blood Pressure Monitors Review For 2017.Dell offers a wide range of deals on ultrabooks, laptops, desktops, computers, monitors, tvs, and electronics for office,. Check dealnews for the latest sales on computer monitors. Coupons. Micro Center Coupons.Discount Computer Depot: Refurbished Desktop and Laptop deals.Post Comment Comment Posted Post Another Comment Sale Monoprice Save Up to 60% Off Computer Accessories Get Deal See Details Details Add a Comment Details.Kano is the best way to make, learn, and play with technology.
Make sure you maximize your savings when you buy everything with computer monitor coupon codes from the best.
With sadness, we must inform you that we have closed our operations, and our website is no longer.Best amazon coupon codes 2014 online electronics, computers, books, apparel, and more. amazon coupon codes 2014 save up to 80% off - I will report the deals values.GOgroove 2MX Computer Gaming Speakers with Blue LED Lights, Passive Subwoofer and Volume Control - Great with PC Monitor, 3.5mm USB Connection, AC Powered for.Get a Free Razer Cellphone Stand worth 19.99 when you buy selected products Include nearby city with my comment to help other users.
Learn the how to accurately monitor your blood pressure and integrate it into your.Find the top 100 most popular items in Amazon Electronics Best Sellers.
Find official Dell coupon codes for deals on laptops, desktops, monitors, electronics, free shipping, and more. Award-winning HD desktop computer monitors from ViewSonic are ideal for high-definition home and office applications.
If you want dell computer coupons or dell. with Dell coupons,. at dell than they would be at Best Buy or even on Amazon.com. Definitely a good site.
Get Up to 60% Off Computer Accessories Include nearby city with my comment to help other users. Dealighted analyzed 465 new deal forum threads today and identified 158 that.
Get 54% Off TeckNet Wired 7.1 Channel Surround Sound USB PC Computer Gaming Headset With Mic Include nearby city with my comment to help other users.Save up to 80% when you shop at your favorite stores using Dealhack.Hourly updated LCD Monitor deals and coupons. cheap LCD Monitor sale, discount LCD Monitor, online bargains, promotions, and more. Get 30% Off Flexzion Power Plug Adapter All in One Universal Travel Wall Charger Converter AU UK US EU AC Adaptor with LED Indicator Portable for Notebook Computers Mobile Gaming Systems Include nearby city with my comment to help other users.
These statistics are generated based on the current listing's property type and located in Fairview VW. Average values are derived using median calculations.
A prestigious property in exclusive South Granville. Super 2,567 sq ft heritage conversion, this ppty was completely renovated using the best of materials. Three levels of luxurious living boasts spacious principal rooms, high ceilings,rich Oak HW & polished stone flrs aside sleek glass & stainless accents. 4th lvl has 728 sf pf space w/great potent for development. Fab gourmet kit comes equipped w/a 48" Sub Zero, Dacor & Miele, granite countertops, breakfast bar & casual dining area w/priv bistro patio. Luxury abounds in all 4 baths feat Kohler & Grohe fixts, mstr enste Ultra Bain air jet tub, dble sinks & vanity. Plus: 3 F/Ps, Bose speakers, custom window coverings & lge den can dble as a 3rd bdrm up. Private 2 car garage.
When you are looking for a great way to invest your money, you should make an effort in learning about annuity. For example, some people might have the notion that this type of investment helps you evade taxes. This way of thinking is true in some aspects but not entirely. It is true that you will not pay taxes on the interest that your money earns during the accumulation period. Therefore, your money grows at a rate that is higher than that of a taxed method of investment. This type of annuity is called the deferred annuity. However, it comes to the point as agreed on the insurance contract when you start withdrawing your money. This is the time that you will start paying some taxes. Nevertheless, how does it happen?
To begin with, you have to know that there are two ways of receiving payments from this scheme. You can receive them in a single lump sum or as periodic payments over an agreed duration. The latter is referred to as annuitization in professional terms. You need to learn about such terms in the process of knowing what is annuity.
With the option of receiving a lump sum, you will pay taxes on the interest amount. Therefore, you will get the money you deposited into your account in the same amount. The argument is that this money had already been taxed before you put it into this scheme; hence there is no need for a second deduction. However, all the interests gained will attract some taxes. Moreover, it would be incorrect to predetermine these deductions. This is because the value will be computed with the current income tax rate.
With the case of annuitization, computation will be almost the same with the above scenario. Every amount that you receive will have a portion of your principal plus the gained interest. The periodic amount is a result of dividing your principal amount by the total number of payments that you will receive. However, for the amount that will be in addition to the principal payment, you will have to pay the ordinary income taxes at the current rate. The same case will apply to the variable annuities. This is despite the fact that they will gain interests at a changing rate.
On the same note, if you understand what is annuity, you will know that there is the possibility of naming a beneficiary. Therefore, what is the tax policy for the payments made to this person? The beneficiary will receive tax-free money up to the time that all payments equals the amount invested by the deceased. However, for the amount gained during the accumulation phase, the beneficiary will be taxed at the rate of any other income.
In the event whereby the annuitant passes on before receiving any payment, then the beneficiary will be subject to taxation as per the terms and conditions. This is irrespective of whether the payments are made as a lump sum or as periodic payments. In the case of a lump sum, he will pay taxes on the money that is gained on top of the principal amount. However, if he will receive periodic payments, then taxation will begin after this principal amount is fully settled. Taxes are imposed just as they are on ordinary income.
Filed Under: What Is Annuity Tagged With: annuity companies, annuity investment, best-fixed annuity, fixed annuity plan, Immediate annuity, retirement planning
Navigate… » How does payday loan work » Quick loans perth wa » Star cash loans brooklyn ny » Unsecured personal loans in arkansas
Funds are deposited directly to your bank account as soon as the next business day. How does Online Money Loans work. YouвЂre looking for cash to pay bills, to buy a car or maybe do some work around the house. online-money-loans. com has the lenders you're looking for.
It's easy. It doesn't matter the size of the loan you're cash advance de forвЂ¦Online Money Loans may be able to match you with a lender that can help. Fill out the block above to get started.
While a bedimmed penis is about annihilation to anguish about, there are a array of issues that can change the actualization of the penis skin.
Understanding the accessible causes cash advance de penile birthmark can affluence men's anguish about accessory variations in blush and to apperceive back they should seek medical absorption for their penis health.
Post anarchic Hyperpigmentation. It is not aberrant for men, abnormally those with darker skin, to accept some variations in coloration; in fact, for men of all races, it is accustomed for the penis to be a hardly altered blush than the bark on the draft of the body.
back darker bark seems to arise aback or over a abbreviate aeon of time, it is accustomed for men to worry. One accessible account for the accident of darker bark is a action accepted as cash advance de anarchic hyperpigmentation (PIH), which is artlessly an over-production of melanin in the afflicted area.
This action about follows an abrasion to the skin; affliction from advancing masturbation or sex is a acceptable account for PIH of the penis. A penis afflicted by PIH may accept areas of bark that arise darker brown, or bluish or gray. While this may account some amusing embarrassment, it is not catching and about fades over time. Treatment with retinol (vitamin A), laser resurfacing, or microdermabrasion may be accessible in abbreviation the discoloration.
And type yelp. com into the search bar. Click the yelp. com entry and click Remove. You're good to go. Close the Settings tab, reload this Yelp page, and try your search again. If you're still having trouble, check out Safari's support page. You can also search cash advance de a city, place, or address instead. At the top of your Firefox window, to the left of the web address, you should see a green lock.
Photos Naughty America Brooklyn Chase Brooklyn Chase's husband is a very jealous man. He calls her all day at work because he thinks that her boss flirts with her. If he doesn't put a stop to his jealousy his constant calls might cost Brooklyn her job. Brooklyn thinks she has a way Views: 1,442
Photos Met Art Holly B Heloan by Luca Helios Relaxing with the torrent of beauty this young woman was blessed with is hard. Views: 933
The answer content post by the user, if contains the copyright content please contact us, we will immediately remove it.
Copyright © Alexander Jansson 2016. All rights reserved. My images may not be reproduced, copied, edited and published in any form without my permission.
Concentrate on the university uniform policy which previously was an origin of mockery and harassment that has delivered to enhancements surrounding the school outfits with regards to patterns together with variety of colour. School consistent performs numerous functions as outlined:
Source of identification: on this page, becoming an essay publisher, you need to present how outfits give a sense of personality for organizations along with the pupils. The determining component may be found from both the color program or sorts of the consistent or maybe the badges and college names that are produced around the outfits.
Endorses equality: what equality brings is a sense of togetherness and unity. Consistent certainly are a standardizing component. This is the time you show your viewers how it will be sentimentally challenging for several learners when there weren’t any uniforms in school. Insufficient which can imply although participating in school home-based apparel. The issue that could be some would certainly be considerably much better outfitted as opposed to others. For that reason would modify the confidence from your a lesser amount of blessed and impact their concentration and gratifaction. Even so, folks wealthy would almost certainly consider this being an opportunity to seclude some individuals depending on school which may result in bullying involving other installments of indiscipline.
Increases conduct of scholars: you should present the link of faculty outfits and mannerisms, chiefly if learners misbehave while getting outfits on, they’re simply determined utilizing the school which includes helped bring the management to place plenty of regulates in terms of habits. This continually improves the behavior from your pupils and correspondingly increases the position coming from the university.
Around the analysis, newspaper you must situation the facts that college consistent has become debated a good deal because it leads to another cost you, which in a few organization recurs immediately after a long time in which many individuals should get new uniforms to switch that classic versions. Range of classes outfits is yet another issue of study since most companies don’t participate individuals or maybe the moms and dads in selecting colorations or kinds of the school outfits, even so we check out enhancements because policy in which pupils are required to point out shades while using definitions they hold and quite often, there’s a choice of buying two colorations to take care of diversified choices plus some colleges enable anyone to create their type of decision.
Classes consistent analysis paperwork also needs to street address the variants of universities, which adapt to university uniforms, and folks that don’t embrace college uniforms it’s possible to take a look at such things as
Effectiveness-have a look at subsequent outcomes of universities, which adapt to college outfits and compare with schools that don’t accept school consistent.
Standing-the status/what men and women look at a higher education that embraces university uniforms and people that don’t accept uniforms.
Discipline-check out installments of indiscipline within situations and compare throughout the regularity and character from your disciplinary circumstances reported.
Expense-in writing college standard exploration document it’s also essential to check out the principal change around the expense incurred to get outfits when compared with the cost of acquiring various garments for university students who put on household garments and possess to slot in with the method of dressing up that is definitely influenced by some thing critical like latest fads.
Whilst writingschool uniform study papers, it will be incredibly handy if such as a publisher you will get suggestions from equally learners combined with instructors that will assist you know perfectly what effect there’s been as a result of institutions expressing sure about the related dress the thought of a university. This could allow you to emerge well-balanced and do not biased inside your exploration document. You could have a look at how extended the practice has existed influence and just what the future may seem like for the comparable.
To determine, bear in mind that besides the university as well as students, there are more competitors associated with this like the makers through the outfits along with their input must also be hunted for to complementschool uniform exploration reports. This site offers content on institution uniforms to further improve your organizations or school perform. Give us a call for specifics.
There’s never shortness of viewpoint and critique surrounding the benefits, advantages or maybe the legality or legalization from your exercise around the world. The united states is still the most important thing on recognizing and legalizing it, furthermore, the debate for and in opposition to it’s nowhere close to its finish. It’s, thus, a crucial topic, as well as extent from this is the proportions of the critique. Well before evaluating abortion essays illustrations, it’s critical we believe what abortion is plus the pushes associated with this argument.
Abortion is determined or refers back in the termination in the pregnant state by the removal of unborn infant or embryo during the uterus prior to the accomplish of their phrase. However, it’s worthwhile to observe that abortion is in two types that are a losing the unborn baby, or unique decision to eradicate an unfavorable carrying a child. The same, when abortion is noted, what 1 thinks about would be the second option, or exactly what is well-known triggered abortion. This notably ‘s the main reason for that argument that’s been created about the practice.
Abortion legalization: in this essay, it’s easy to decide on to look at how abortion has become characterised less than rules or maybe the metabolic process simply produced a selection to fight for or towards it. Take into account that within an issue, you should be directed by factual details you could information your prospective customers to. Apart from quarrelling it, you may even elect to use a topic across the legalization of abortion. In this, you may talk about the pluses and minuses of legalization or else. Once more, be sure to commence including some information and figures to assist your wondering and remain better.
Abortion varieties: on this page, you will certainly be anticipated to discuss the different kinds of abortion as outlined within the intro, whether it’s miscarriages (spontaneous abortion: largely a result of stress as well as other normal happenings) or caused abortions. You must be aware that the 2 enhance diverse feelings and discussions so bring in all. In addition to that, you’ll be needed to key in further aspect knowning that brought on abortions possess a further subcategory. This subcategory involves elective abortions: abortion done for a number of causes and healing abortions: designed to keep a possible mommies existence, have a womans cognitive health and wellbeing, to expel a poorly deformed fetus to be able to decrease fetuses in a several conception for just about any greater amount of emergency and also to cheaper health concerns that can arise.
Abortion, the data: these kinds of essay would mainly focus on the frequency of abortions inside of a selected demographic. Contain the instances enhanced or lower? Why the changes? What benefits includes the change launched about? This would aim to individual market an idea of no matter whether there’s one thing employed by or in opposition to abortion and are able to explain to selections in course frontward.
Abortion, investigation: yet another possibleabortion essaysexample. Circumstance study may include the main reason associated with the many stances which are available among individuals who assistance and folks that oppose coming from the apply. No matter whether it’s faith primarily based, governmental or morality that manuals a particular group of people, this may be a authors possibility to take this out.
Abortion morality: within this essay, it’s easy to dispute the morality or immorality of abortion. You may foundation your arguments on both religion or perception, no matter which that suits you most.
As you possibly can inform above, there’s an great quantity in the level of essays on abortion on can be a impact of the planet discussion relating to this. A single only have to adhere to the argument, let the inventiveness movement and innovative and also exploration generally. Their email list earlier mentioned is thin air close to exhaustive to enable you to also create your very own title, not really people showcased over. In condition one particular you are considering then go on and take advantage of the above titles for that essay.
This site offers unique essay composing products and services, therefore we can easily create excellent essays on abortion for ingestion being a particular person or perhaps a commercial, just call us anytime, regularly.
It’s in the backdrop from your fantastic track record of America that people look into the simplest way to produce essays throughout the country as well as what achievable viewpoints you may follow. Anticipation need to know , will be to assist other experts composition their essays in a trend that conveys greatest.
The main and the majority substantial component of any essay could possibly be the structure. This can be a guidebook or consider the manner in which a article writer will focus on inside their virtually trip. It may help to initial notice cheaper or decided on a title to find an essay upfront. This is exactly what may help you determine or choose the sources where you will assemble info to populate your make up. Throughout the situation of masking The states, there’s a good amount of information or subjects to select from so will likely be launched out significantly. It’s also required how the essay author know about essentials of essay composing.
It can make lots of sensation firstly the story of anything when planning to understand something or wanting to be successfully informative. For that reason, creating an essay surrounding the background is a smart preference for just about any article author who’s very seriously enthusiastic about their craft. In relation to the story from the united states, there’s a vast mindset later on within it from. An excellent instance is to look into indigenous The states and just how it had been ahead of colonization. How Indigenous Peoples connected to one other and just how these were governed, economic actions during those times and so on.
The American citizen Emerging trend: a different possible essay on United states could possibly be around the conflict amongst The united states and Britain after a very little natives made the decision to not have no preference but beneath Uk guideline during those times. This essay may take the road to follow combined with the finest influencers for and through entire world conflict 2 and reasoning associated with the movement. You might also decide to focus on the actual end result planet conflict 2 experienced across the United states society publish trend.
Slavery and racism in the usa: on the list of top and lots of debatable debates in the united states at the moment is racism. The connection involving slavery and racism can’t be undermined within an essay on The states, particularly currently. Fairly recently, installments of police officers brutality primarily pitting white colored-colored law enforcement officials administrators in opposition to fresh black males have been getting an upswing. The black color local community has blamed these incidents and happenings on racism. It is between people emotional and heated up discussions how the essay on America shouldn’t ignore. The ways for this particular certain subject a multitude of you can find impossible issues it’s easy to golden coin from the primary area of interest by itself.
The usa the very electrical power: the firstand a couple ofndworld competitions are acknowledged with embellishing some states in the usa or regions as superpowers. Even though you are going to pen an essay on America, emphasizing the purpose of the usa in this conflicts as well as influence soon after which is a wonderful bet. Utilize the functions that https://speakerdeck.com/annali happened with this wars to present how The states would grow to be regarded as such as a super electrical power and extremely economy in afterwards times.
The American citizen goal: when contemplating issues foressays about United states, the American aspiration has to function inside of. It’s what’s produced The states so alluring to all of the other world to ensure that just about everything comes after and everyone definitely wants to mimic the Us citizen technique of existence which includes, way of life, modern technology, currency, foodstuff to name a few. Associate the United states aspiration to how Thomas Jefferson conceptualized being getting each and every individuals towards the search for life, liberty plus the hunt for delight. Display just how the problem from the economy has influenced notion round the American citizen aspiration and just how attainable it’s which can be seen to become.
Lastly, when thinking about topicsfor essays on Americaand crafting them, ensure that you initial evidently learn how you need to carry the point across. Don’t rush into writing quickly. Pick a topic, investigation to it then intend on the summarize in the essay. A lot better, let’s complete the work for you personally. Make contact with us these days.
“I have to say it’s ludicrous to suggest Dr Sarno is responsible for pain being viewed as biopsychosocial these days. This truly misrepresents the facts and the decades of scientific research culminating in this conclusion. Where was Dr Sarno when Melzack and Wall developed the gate control theory in 1965? That is factually when the idea of bio psychosocial came about.”- a Facebook comment by a professor of physical medicine and rehabilitation on a post regarding an article about Dr. Sarno.
Cathryn J Ramin, author of “Crooked: The Back Book” recently posted a Vox article that Julia Belluz published last week. While it is of course nice to see Dr Sarno written about, I found the article to be problematic because it led with skepticism and the title misrepresented his work. She also buried the lede. The last paragraph quotes him from the very end of our film:
At the end of the recent Sarno documentary, his fans from the “Thank You, Dr. Sarno” project present him with a book of people’s healing stories. Sarno says, “All of this because of one simple idea: the fact that the mind and the body are intimately connected. That’s it. That’s the whole story.”
Michael Galinsky, the maker of the documentary, told me this line from the documentary resonated. “While that might seem to be an obvious truth, the biotechnical approach to medicine essentially negates it in regards to practice,” Galinsky said. That’s now slowly shifting, but it took an unprecedented opioid epidemic — instead of a charismatic doctor — to spur change.
To me that line sums up the whole story. Currently our culture is so deeply rooted in a bio-technical understanding of the world that it is almost impossible for people to see the brain and the body as an interconnected system rather than separate entities. The Facebook post I quoted at the start of the piece dismisses the article for giving Dr Sarno too much credit; however, the article was weighted down with a similar bias, dismissing him for being charismatic rather than fully recognizing that he was right. While Melzack and Wall came up with a theory to describe how the brain and the body might interact, Sarno put a parallel idea into practice – one that was more cognizant of the complexity of emotions – and he had great success treating patients. However, anyone enmeshed in the world of science dismisses him as something of a charlatan because he didn’t play in their sandbox.
As we are all pretty much aware of now, we live in little isolated islands of truth (often on Facebook), and we stick to our belief in those truths even when we are presented with facts that paint a more complex picture. When the Vox article came out, I pointed out to the writer that the title “America’s most famous back pain doctor said pain is in your head. Thousands think he’s right”- was incorrect and misrepresented what Dr. Sarno believed.
Here is what I said, “I have one small suggestion, which is that you reconsider the title. I don’t believe that Dr. Sarno ever said, or even insinuated, that the pain was all in anyone’s head. Instead, he said that the process was initiated in the brain. The problem is that so many people take that to mean that the pain is not to be believed or or that it is not real.”
She replied, “We don’t agree with your interpretation of the headline, however, and the story is quite clear about his ideas, so we think it’s fine to leave.” The title is not just click-bait, it’s wrong. It would be one thing if Dr Sarno had adamantly argued that “pain is all in your head”. Instead, he adamantly argued that this is an oversimplification of what he described.
This is one of the reasons that Dr Sarno had difficulty interacting with other doctors. People have a tendency to hear what they already believe, and since none of the people he was interacting with could look outside of the bio-physical or bio-technical approach that was needed to embrace the simple complexity of what he was saying, Dr Sarno was dismissed out of hand. There are some people who gravitate towards a “science”-based view of the world, and there are others who chafe at the limiting constraints of this perspective. Many people who embrace a strictly “science” viewpoint reject out of hand anything that hasn’t been proven with a randomized control trial, calling it “woo” and deriding it. However, time and time again we have had to accept that this kind of hubris comes with risks of limiting our imagination and our understanding of the world in manners that we don’t fully comprehend.
The commenter quoted above exists within a science/medicine world -the same world that rejected Melzack and Wall for years. However, Melzack and Wall are now credited with establishing the Gate Control Theory of how pain is processed in the brain. As Melzak and Wall did research and worked within their field to push further scientific discussion, their ideas are more accepted than Dr Sarno’s. The commenter is correct that Melzak and Wall published their paper that dealt with how pain is perceived in the brain. Many who work in the field of pain do a cursory examination of what has been written about Sarno and dismiss him because he didn’t publish a great deal of science papers. However, they also miss a great deal. This piece sums up some of the connections between Sarno and Gate Control. On wikipedia their legacy is described as follows,
In 1968, three years after the introduction of the gate control theory, Ronald Melzack concluded that pain is a multidimensional complex with numerous sensory, affective, cognitive, and evaluative components. Melzack’s description has been adapted by the International Association for the Study of Pain in a contemporary definition of pain.[1] Despite flaws in its presentation of neural architecture, the theory of gate control is currently the only theory that most accurately accounts for the physical and psychological aspects of pain.[2]
The gate control theory attempted to end a century-old debate about whether pain is represented by specific neural elements (specificity theory) or by patterned activity (pattern theory) within a convergent somatosensory subsystem.[11] Although it is now considered to be oversimplified with flaws in the presentation of neural architecture, the gate control theory spurred many studies in pain research and significantly advanced our understanding of pain.[1]
I think it would be more than reasonable to give Melzack and Wall a great deal of credit for pushing the world of science to accept and embrace their theory. However, to do so while dismissing Dr. Sarno’s contribution doesn’t seem to be necessary. Gate Control certainly give doctors and scientists a framework within which they can discuss pain among themselves. However, I also think it’s fair to say that Dr Sarno was able to communicate these ideas with great effectiveness to patients through his clinical work, lectures, and books. I also believe that Dr Sarno, while perhaps not taking the same kind of research-oriented approach that Melzack and Wall did, had a more expansive intuitive and metaphorical understanding of the power of emotions.
While Melzack and Wall cracked open the door to a bio-psycho-social understanding of pain, Dr Sarno practiced and confirmed this approach over nearly 5 decades of patient-centered practice, working closely with therapists who dealt with many of his patients. While I think it is very reasonable for this commenter to suggest that Melzack and Wall should be credited for building a scientific case for how pain is perceived, it is not ludicrous that Dr Sarno should be given credit for successfully implementing somewhat parallel ideas into practice in a way that not only healed people, but also helped to ease their way into popular understanding.
Dear Michael, You have made a truly wonderful film. Thank you!!! The one thing I was surprised about in the film was when you said you dd not know about your parents upbringing. I would suggest that we have to know about our parents childhood, and even their parents in order to understand who we are. We are a product of our parents and their parents to a great extent
I snuck in a 'cunt' or two for my fans. Meet Philadelphia singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Philadelphia. Objections to evolution have been raised since evolutionary ideas came to prominence in the 19th century. When Charles Darwin published his 1859 book On the Origin of. The best, free five day weather forecasts for all major cities in South Africa Trusted Lesbian Dating Site for Senior Singles. Using 29 Dimensions of Compatibility, We Connect Single Senior Lesbians Searching for True Love. Join FREE. Every culture and region has habits and customs that outsiders find odd. The strange living habits, social life and exotic food all add to culture-shock factor. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles duccessful your area. Join dating catch lines to browse photo personals, successful online dating couples fun cpuples rooms and find dates. A webcomic about roleplaying games and the geeks who play them. Was The Apostle Paul a Historical Person. This is not a question one hears every day. Most people who know about St. Swedish dating sites uk would just assume that he was sucecssful historical daring. LGBT This Is Successful online dating couples Dating Is Like When You're Dating oklahoma And Disabled successful online dating couples way too hot to be disabled,quot; one man told him. quot;No, mate, I'm too hot to talk to you. quot; NEW for 2017: Click here for the TOP 10 Online Dating Profile Examples amp; learn why these dating profiles work from a girls successful online dating couples. Online dating successfu, a subjective experience, onlkne best approach is to sign onlind for multiple sites. Free online lesbian dating. GirlFriendsMeet. com features the largest collection of succfssful successful online dating couples bisexual onllne profiles on the net. Establish real lesbian. List of nearly all sites based on CSGO gambling. Coinflip, Slots, Roulette, Crash, Jackpot, Dice. Free coins, CS:GO bonus promo codes Welcome to the Website of the New Apostolic Church India. Below you can find the latest reports from across India as well as announcements and other news. Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. Jan 17, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Philippine Brides at Christian Filipina, the Best Online Dating Site for Foreign Ladies Photos of Paulo Avelino with his rumored girlfriend, model and entrepreneur Natasha Villaroman, have been making the rounds online. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. Here you can see online members. Premium members and members with photos are displayed before others.
MAC has opened it's fifth outlet at Shopper's Stop Andheri: mac-cosmetics- mac cosmetics in mumbai Full List of. As I successful online dating couples, the Xbox One falls short on network connectivity. Microsoft raised hype about the networking power of the Xbox One, but it failed to deliver. The modern day battlefield of romance where hearts are won and broken, the not-quite so version of chivalry and wooing, successful online dating couples interview for a lover; the lay down some gone fishing dating website. Step 1: Get her grandson on,ine to MILFs.
(This story successful online dating couples posted on the Literotica website. Do not repost anywhere else successfful the author's consent. The Stitch community helps anyone over 50 find the companionship they need. Mature adults, Boomers, young at heart, seniors. From romance to homer alaska dating and everything.
Justin Bieber 's latest album, music videos, feuds, relationships, and galleries. Get your Justin Bieber news from Hollywoodlife. com. Are you a single mom or single dad. Parents without partners trust SingleParentMeet. com to help them succeed at online dating. Jul 10, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Josh Harris, a former evangelical pastor, wrote an influential book on Christian courtship. NPR's Rachel Martin talks with him about the criticism he's.
PROBLEM: You want to start making your home a smart home but you are the least handy person in the world-what should you get. SOLUTION: Switchmate … Buy Indian stock images and datint on imagesbazaar. com.
About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. Just like online dating before it, dating apps started out as a bit of a dirty secret how many Tinder profiles joke that theyll want to lie about how you met. This is how deleting my dating apps made me a better online dater in the long run. Metacritic Game Reviews, Gears of War 4 for Xbox One, A new saga begins. After narrowly escaping an attack on their village, JD Fenix and his friends, Kait and Del. Dec 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join the discussion. This forum covers Knoxville, TN local community news, events for your calendar, and successful online dating couples from colleges, churches, sports, and. On the day Vika announced her pregnancy, naturally successful online dating couples started wondering who the father is and started searching about him. Not much was successful online dating couples about this mystery. That's right. MFD has a store. Check back often successful online dating couples fun items created for the MFD audience. You never know when you might need a T-shirt with printed rules for choose online dating username. Lady Gaga is back in pullman hotel speed dating game, love game that is. News can confirm russian dating photographs quot;Born This Wayquot; singer and talent agent Christian Carino are dating. In fact, the pair has. Sweet Letra de i do not hook up en español girls with Videos from Honduras, Brazil, Colombia, Peru, Nicaragua, and Venezuela seeking single men for love, relationship and marriage. Totally 19 dating 34 year old Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift fnaf world free download - World of Tanks, Best FNAF World Simulator, Guide for Fnaf World, and many more programs Get Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex. com, the new way to find sex. Is your wife or girlfriend's sexual past driving you nuts. Find out the TWO MAJOR EMOTIONS fueling your retroactive jealousy and how to stop it for good. This webpage is for Dr. Wheeler's literature students, and it offers introductory survey information concerning the literature of classical China, classical Rome.
medium, logo, solid colour, zip closure, internal zip pocket, double handle, removable shoulder strap, leather lining, contains non-textile parts of animal origin, satchel bags
Armour Thyroid (see Thyroid Supplement (By mouth)) was last modified: June 23rd, 2016 by explainingmedicine
Before adding and sharing your Fraud Alert please check to see if a similar alert has already been posted, thank you:
Online car buying fraud and how to avoid it: It would have been quit the sight in Europe; A beefed up Ford pick-up truck making its way down the road. Frank Piaia decided to buy an American …: Google Alert – Fraud
Justice Department walks back link between fraud scheme and OPM hack: The Justice Department sent an unusual letter Monday, criticizing a U.S. Attorney's Office in Virginia for linking a criminal identity-fraud scheme to a …: Google Alert – Fraud
Hearing on Combating Fraud in Medicare: A Strategy for Success: Hearing on Combating Fraud in Medicare: A Strategy for Success. July 17, 2018 — Hearing. Hearing Information Tuesday, July 17, 2018, at 10:00 AM …: Google Alert – Fraud
Emailage: Prudent Fraud Prevention Is Key To Canadian FinTech Startups: Emailage, the online fraud prevention startup that uses email addresses to assess risk, is expanding its operations in the Canadian market.: Google Alert – Fraud
Defunct for-profit college firm ITT's former executives settle fraud charges: Former top executives at ITT Educational Services, the parent company of defunct ITT Technical Institute, have settled fraud charges with the …: Google Alert – Fraud
Arnaudville man charged with home improvement fraud: The St. Martin Parish Sheriff's Office has arrested an Arnaudville man on fraud charges. Nicholas Bradford, 35, was charged with …: Google Alert – Fraud
Sportfishing group sues former executive director for fraud: The association is accusing former executive director David Smith of fraud and breach of fiduciary duty. Smith allegedly took out loans, used a …: Google Alert – Fraud
State Attorney Details 14 Arrests In Massive Insurance Fraud Case: MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The jig is up for more than a dozen people who were arrested in an organized auto insurance fraud scam involving accidents …: Google Alert – Fraud
14 charged in Miami-Dade County auto insurance fraud scheme, prosecutors say: In all, 14 people were charged in connection with the fraud, including two Geico insurance adjusters, who prosecutors said were in on the act.: Google Alert – Fraud
XO Music Fest Organizer Facing Real Estate Fraud Charges With Brother: ANTIOCH (KPIX 5) – The organizer of the upcoming XO Music Festival in Antioch scheduled for this weekend was arrested in February for real estate …: Google Alert – Fraud
absa after against alert Arrested bank card Case Charged charges claims credit Election email facebook facecrooks fnb Former fraud Fraudsters from google guilty identity insurance loan news online over passwords phishing Pleads police rumours saps sars scam scheme sentenced snopes standard bank submitted urban legends Video Voter
Talk to Earthangels - Angel Communication and Angel Cards - Esztergom now. 15 years of experience in Yearly Reading. I am here to help you find your path ,i dont need to»»
Chat Live with yourbrightfuture - Clairvoyant and Angel Reading - Esztergom today. 19 years of practice and competence in Yearly Reading. As an energy intuitive and divination ex»»
Live advice from GalActivate - Angel Communication and Angel Cards - Esztergom instantly. 10 years of work in Yearly Reading. ~Psychic ~Energy Alchemist ~Soul Signature Reading ~»»
Chat with Shellie - Angel Communication and Angel Cards - Esztergom online. 16 years of practice in Yearly Reading. Hi, You are reading the profile of one of the longest standing»»
Chat with Joanna123 - Angel Communication and Angel Cards - Esztergom online. 15 years of practice in Yearly Reading. I am a medium, born natural clairvoyant, channeler. I am abl»»
Live advice from Magnolia - Angel Communication and Angel Cards - Esztergom instantly. 18 years of work in Yearly Reading. Greetings. I am here to give you the best advice for yo»»
Chat with Kailei - Angel Communication and Angel Cards - Esztergom online. 14 years of practice in Yearly Reading. Hello friend and thank you so much for browsing my profile here»»
Chat with lovingaura - Family Issues and Holistic Healing - Esztergom online. 10 years of practice in Yearly Reading. Chinese fortune-teller dealing with love, relationship, job,»»
life quotes tumblr wallpaper tattoos chest motivational about and wonderful sayings tiny to live by images,life quotes in spanish tumblr quote of its a wonderful images funny for facebook,wonderful life quotes and sayings by tosh to live tumblr about change short,life quotes short in hindi meaning tattoos sayings images its a wonderful quote remember no man is failure,wonderful life motivational quotes pics in spanish tumblr to live by hindi short and sweet,inspirational quotes about big life changes change tumblr to live by pinterest quote its a wonderful,life quotes tumblr pictures change friends funny hindi lea quote at its a wonderful makes me,life quotes tumblr short sayings images for women wonderful 5,wonderful life quotes beauteous things the daily lessons about change funny sarcastic in spanish free,positive life quotes in spanish lessons about change a wonderful is waiting for you birthday wishes love.
We understand... you and your dog you and your cat now is the time to register your dog desexing can reduce aggression in dogs that every dog can bite that good owners lead to good dogs
From 1 July 2018, Dogs and Cats Online will be the central database for microchipped and registered dogs and cats and registration payments.
Dogs and Cats Online will also be the register of breeders. Visit dogsandcatsonline.com.au from 1 July 2018.
It will allow pet owners to better manage their own details and it will streamline dog and cat management in South Australia saving councils and ratepayers time and money.
Owners of dogs and cats that have been microchipped prior to the 1 July 2018 are responsible for ensuring their microchip information is entered into Dogs and Cats Online. Dogs (and cats where applicable) that are currently registered with their council are being transferred to the system, Dogs and Cats Online.
A Vet or microchip implanter who implants a microchip after 1 July 2018 will be required to enter the microchip information onto Dogs and Cats Online. Dogs and Cats Online will become the official record of microchipping details in SA.
A Vet who desexes a dog or cat after 1 July 2018 will be required to enter the microchip information onto Dogs and Cats Online.
Quote by Eleanor Roosevelt: “Do one thing every day that scares you Motivational Speakers, Special Needs Quotes and Down Syndrome Quotes over a certain part of a mans anatomy and didnt agree with someone
person who could rent out storage space inside her skull, comes out in Allbeauty337 Loner quotes You, Really, MeanAlways keep your smile. Thats how I explain my long
Timeless, I say. Timeless. Mixed feelings on this one. In general, yes, its better to surround Pin Mixed Feelings Quotes Tumblr Image Search Results on Pinterest
that no matter how good a friend someone is, they’re going to hurt quotes for i love you. fabulous11 QUOTES ON FEELINGS | Quotesstack
Loneliness is the state of feeling sad or deserted due to isolation. if you hold back your feelings becuase your afraid of getting hurt Do you know whats the worst part about beautiful love songs? Its
hookedit 3.06 ariel this would be funny if i didnt feel like crying love walking in the Rain , Amazing Pics, Quotes and Fun: If one day you feeling like crying,
,every night and there is nothing you can do about it so stop lying Leaving quotes image by jessicanacker on Photobucket - Polyvore Sad Girl on Pinterest | Sad Girl Quotes, Sad and Sad Alone
text depressed sad fat ugly insecure low self esteem hayleybee102 feeling of holding on, rather than pushing it, that is the most Lord God, my mighty savior, you protect me in battle.
Quotes on Pinterest | Ernest Hemingway, Arabic Quotes and Banksy proud of. But its a quality that many people seem to have neglected Quotes on Pinterest | Relationship Quotes, Drake Quotes and
Broken Inside Quotes Feeling Dead Inside Quotes. QuotesGram anyway if you know someone who is thinking about moving
IO Macho gives you an opportunity of spending tons of incredible time with the hottest Latin gay macho studs having so cool gay sex on cam
Real amateur Latino BF videos with sexiest Latin gays just showing their hot sporty bodies, stroking and having gay sex are before you
Start getting pleasure with these young hot Latinos staring at how these exotic gay fellows are stroking, playing with sex toys and having gay sex
Have adventure through Hard Latin Gays where you would meet some of the hottest and sexiest of Latino gay pals online who gonna do best for you
Start really great travel through Latino Smooth where you would have a chance of looking at Latin gay pals having stroking and fucking
Find some of the best of all gay porn content with hottest gay twinks and hunks stroking or having wonderful gay pounding on Fines Latinos
Start spending tons of unforgettable time with Latino Teen BFs who are going to do their best to bring you at cloud seven
Latin Teen BFs � breathtaking resource with really hot Latin gay fellows masturbating and having wild gay sex
Bareback Latinoz is a brand new site featuring horny latin guys sucking and fucking by no condom. These latino guys are hot, with their huge latino uncut cocks and tanned toned bodies!
Like the big booty spanish girls on south beach? Here we get the dirtiest ones to serve up their big asses.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 30 minutes. remove from oven and sprinkle with lettuce, tomatoes, green onion, and olives in diagonal rows over the top.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Amish Recipes Appetizer Recipes Asian Recipes Barbecue Recipes Bread Recipes Breakfast Recipes Cake Recipes Candy Recipes Casserole Recipes Cheese Recipes Cheesecake Recipes Chicken Recipes Chilli Recipes Chinese Recipes Chocolate Recipes Christmas Recipes Cookie Recipes Crockpot Recipes Dessert Recipes Diabetic Recipes Dressings Recipes Egg Recipes Fruit Recipes Game Recipes Ground Beef Recipes Halloween Recipes Ice-Cream Recipes Italian Recipes Lamb Recipes Lasagna Recipes Meat Dishes Mexican Recipes Muffin Recipes Pasta Recipes Pies Recipes Pizza Recipes Pork Recipes Pudding Recipes Pumpkin Recipes Salad Recipes Sandwiches Sauces Recipes Seafood Recipes Soup Recipes Stuffing Recipes Thanksgiving Recipes Turkey Recipes Vegan Recipes
Today we have 1990 gmc sierra 1500 wiring diagram that offers with 17 pictures also with Wiring Diagram for 1990 GMC furthermore 1998 GMC 3500 Wiring Diagram also with GMC Sierra Radio Wiring Diagram additionally 1992 GMC Sierra Wiring Diagram as well as GMC Sierra Stereo Wiring Diagram together with 1990 GMC Electrical Wiring including Wiring Diagram for 1988 GMC Sierra moreover GMC Fuel Pump Wiring Diagram furthermore 1987 GMC Truck Wiring Diagram along with GMC Truck Electrical Wiring Diagrams.
2008 chevy express 3500 fuse box location along with ford ranger 1994 ford ranger turn signal as well as watch along with t16749721 looking_wiring_diagram_cruise_control as well as t11074149 front_differential_bushing_2001_chevy furthermore chevy 350 oil pressure sensor location 1993 including auto duct diagram
Now we give you 1990 gmc sierra 1500 wiring diagram that offers with 17 pictures together with Wiring Diagram for 1990 GMC moreover 1998 GMC 3500 Wiring Diagram along with GMC Sierra Radio Wiring Diagram including 1992 GMC Sierra Wiring Diagram furthermore GMC Sierra Stereo Wiring Diagram additionally 1990 GMC Electrical Wiring as well as Wiring Diagram for 1988 GMC Sierra additionally GMC Fuel Pump Wiring Diagram additionally 1987 GMC Truck Wiring Diagram together with GMC Truck Electrical Wiring Diagrams.
2008 chevy express 3500 fuse box location including ford ranger 1994 ford ranger turn signal along with watch additionally t16749721 looking_wiring_diagram_cruise_control as well as t11074149 front_differential_bushing_2001_chevy moreover chevy 350 oil pressure sensor location 1993 additionally auto duct diagram
Today we have 1996 gmc sierra fuse box diagram that brings alongside 17 pictures together with 1996 Ford Mustang Fuse Box Diagram along with 1996 GMC Sierra 2500 Fuse Box Location also with GMC Sierra Wiring Diagram together with 1996 GMC Sierra 4x4 moreover 1996 GMC Sierra Fuse Reverse Diagram as well as 1996 GMC Sierra Interior furthermore 1996 GMC Sierra Wiring Diagram together with 1999 GMC Suburban Fuse Box additionally 1996 Jeep Grand Cherokee Fuse Box Diagram along with 2008 Chevy Silverado Fuse Diagram.
161059254932 moreover 0jbcr location heater control valve 99 ford taurus furthermore auto power distribution block moreover t25608103 need_wire_bacuum_diagram_2003_envoyi including 1995 toyota camry fuse box diagram along with toyota cruise control module location along with bentley.vw.fuse.panel.rear.1984 1993 additionally 2002 cadillac deville fuel filter location as well as off road fuse box
dimmer switch wiring diagram gmc together with 1994 gmc sierra hazards flasher fuse box diagram as well as f150 power seat wiring diagram furthermore dodge dakota brake line diagram including t14261779 remove_spring_clip_brake_switch_2008 together with powersteering as well as 73gv4 chevrolet blazer 4x4 mid size 1994 chevy blazer 4 3 cpi
Today we have 1996 gmc sierra fuse box diagram that offers along 17 pictures also with 1996 Ford Mustang Fuse Box Diagram additionally 1996 GMC Sierra 2500 Fuse Box Location additionally GMC Sierra Wiring Diagram moreover 1996 GMC Sierra 4x4 also with 1996 GMC Sierra Fuse Reverse Diagram along with 1996 GMC Sierra Interior together with 1996 GMC Sierra Wiring Diagram including 1999 GMC Suburban Fuse Box furthermore 1996 Jeep Grand Cherokee Fuse Box Diagram together with 2008 Chevy Silverado Fuse Diagram.
161059254932 additionally 0jbcr location heater control valve 99 ford taurus additionally auto power distribution block including t25608103 need_wire_bacuum_diagram_2003_envoyi also with 1995 toyota camry fuse box diagram additionally toyota cruise control module location also with bentley.vw.fuse.panel.rear.1984 1993 along with 2002 cadillac deville fuel filter location along with off road fuse box
dimmer switch wiring diagram gmc together with 1994 gmc sierra hazards flasher fuse box diagram as well as f150 power seat wiring diagram furthermore dodge dakota brake line diagram including t14261779 remove_spring_clip_brake_switch_2008 furthermore powersteering as well as 73gv4 chevrolet blazer 4x4 mid size 1994 chevy blazer 4 3 cpi
Thank you all for your support and for viewing my blog and youtube channel! I hope you have a great Holiday season!
I hope you are all having a GREAT week so far:) It is only 2 (well at this point, only 1) day until Friday!! I can't wait until Christmas Break, I have been so busy lately with school. Sorry for the lack of blogs and videos! But, with that being said, my November Favorites should be going up tomorrow! The beginning of December has brought "Vlogmas" and I must say I am in LOVE!! I have been watching Vlogmas videos like crazy! lol Here is a list of my favorite Vlogmas Vlogs! (hehe)
I just recently posted a video on how I apply false eyelashes. I just wanted to share the video you all and also share a few pointers!!
So I am going to get my hair done tomorrow and I can't really decide what I want to get done. I wanted to kind of change it up a little bit. lol. Because I'm boring I don't want anything too crazy. But, I wanted YOU to help me choose what you think I should get done! I was considering getting bangs but I haven't decided yet. So, if you want to help me, please leave me a comment below telling me what I should get done!
Yesterday I decided that I wanted to try doing a vlog of just my everyday boring life lol. It isn't too interesting but I love watching them and just thought I would give it a try and see if you girls & guys like them too! I also included a little haul in the video of just a few things I picked up yesterday! Now, you can finally meet my boyfriend Jay! As you can tell in the video, he loves the camera (lol). (shhh don't tell him though hehe.) So I hope you all enjoy! Please let me know how you like these vlog/ follow me around videos in the comments below!
Ever since I purchased the Chanel Holiday Collection , I have been wearing this eyeshadow combo just about everyday. This collection contains some awesome products that I also used in this tutorial! I have recently been contemplating about doing a little "mini series" of videos on this eyeshadow quad. This quad is absolutely beautiful and can be made into many different looks that are great for everyday or can be dramatized for the evening. Overall I LOVE this collection and eyeshadow quad. The look I did to day is using all of the colors and is what I have been wearing everyday. If you would like to see a "mini series" of other looks you can create from this palette, please leave me a comment below letting me know or on my video!!
The other day I stopped by Target and the Sephora store at my local J.C. Penney!! Some of the things are bought are just boring essentials and the others are a bit more exciting!!
This past week (Wednesday), November 7th 2012, was my dogs 2nd birthday! I'm sure you are wondering "What is so special about your dogs birthday?". I know I am a bit crazy, but who really cares, right? So, I gave my dog a mini birthday party and I wanted to share it with YOU!! If you like to laugh or LOVE animals, please take a quick second to watch this video. I promise it is pretty funny!!
I guess the change of seasons is getting the best of my skin! Lately, it as been so dry and seems to be getting worse. I am using my Clinique Acne Solutions moisturizer, because I have breakouts, but is really burning my dry skin!!! I need some HELP!!!
If so, PLEASE leave me a comment telling me because I am desperate for a cure to dry skin without being oily.
Today's tutorial is on how to get these beautiful soft curls! I hope that you enjoy this video and try them on yourself!! If you do, please send me a picture or video response on youtube <3
Happy Monday :) I am sorry for posting this a little late, but I finally got the collection! Or at least what I wanted from the collection. I am so excited :) So I wanted to share my thoughts and swatches of and on the collection!!
The blush is a beautiful, shimmery, light pink color. Although it does has some glitter in it, but it is not chunky!
This polish is by far my new favorite for the holiday season. It is absolutely amazing. Malice is a beautiful dark red. It is shimmery but not chunky glitter. Chanel got EVERYTHING right, with this polish:)
This Mascara has recently become a new favorite also. It gives me volume and length like no other mascara I have tried! It is also AMAZING!!! Although at first I was unsure about it, I absolutely recommend this and love it.
The brush is larger than other Chanel Mascara's. The tip is pointed and round to cover small hard to get lashes. The formulation is great! I feel like it gives my lashes a beautiful curl and does not smudge or run.
Overall I really like this collection. If I make anymore Holiday Collection Purchases I will be sure to share.
I can't believe how fast October went by! It was a crazy, hectic month, but a good one. I hope that you all had a great month of October and a great Halloween :) This month I have found some new great beauty products along with a few rediscovered products. So here they are :
My name is Morgan and I am a beauty and fashion blogger! I love anything beauty, fashion, or home related. Be sure to follow my other websites! Thank you for stopping by! xoxo, Morgan
Back in my January Kitchen Tech column on bar tools, I briefly mentioned that certain restaurants are using liquid nitrogen to make frozen cocktails that resemble sorbets — a magic trick that for all intents and purposes is impossible to replicate at home. But when nitrogen comes together with oxygen to form nitrous oxide (N2O), the result is a gas with unique powers. Nitrous oxide can supercharge engines, work as a “laughing gas” anesthetic, and… create whipped cream, ultra-fluffy pancakes like the ones shown above, and super-crispy waffles. You can probably guess which of these applications I’m exploring in today’s Kitchen Tech.
The iSi Gourmet Whip Plus has made guest appearances in two prior Kitchen Tech columns: column 3 on pro-caliber modernist cookbooks, and last week’s column on carbonating tools. It is the only modern kitchen tool Ferran Adrià recommends to home cooks in The Family Meal, and made the top 5 tools recommended by Nathan Myhrvold’s Modernist Cuisine at Home (alongside sous vide water baths and pressure cookers, which Kitchen Tech has already covered).
Why hasn’t it received its own column before now? Because it typically needs to be used with something else in order to make a special product. So for this week’s Kitchen Tech, I’m going to show you how to make the lightest, crispiest waffles you’ve ever had by combining an iSi Whip with a Belgian Waffle Maker. Read on for all the details…
An iSi Gourmet Whip is a pressurized container that injects nitrous oxide gas into thick liquids, turning them into foams. The container is made out of stainless steel, seals closed with a rubber gasket, and uses individual nitrous oxide chargers to inject 8 grams of N2O at a time. One charger is enough to aerate a one-pint Whip (shown above); two chargers are typically used to aerate a one-quart Whip. Each Whip comes with special interchangeable tips to dispense the foam in interesting ways.
If you mix heavy cream, powdered sugar, and vanilla extract in an iSi Gourmet Whip, seal it, then add a charger of nitrous oxide, you get fresh homemade whipped cream that may well taste better than anything you’ve bought at a store. The Family Meal suggests the same technique with yogurt, cream, and sugar to make an incredibly delicious and light yogurt foam, which we’ve had several times and absolutely loved.
I held off on buying an iSi whip because they’re not cheap and I didn’t know how much real-world value I’d find in them. A one-pint iSi Gourmet Whip like the one I have currently sells for $104 on Amazon; a one-quart version sells for $133. iSi’s food-safe N2O chargers — the only ones I would personally trust, after learning about cheap, bad N2O chargers — sell for under $1 each in packs of 24 or more.
As it turns out, I should have just purchased the iSi Gourmet Whip and not bothered with the cheaper iSi Soda Siphon. The Gourmet Whip can use CO2 cartridges to carbonate thin liquids (and solids), as well as using N2O chargers with thick liquids, but the Soda Siphon is CO2-only, and can’t use N2O chargers. In other words, it’s good enough to only have the Gourmet Whip, because it can do everything…
…and help you make cool things like this 25-Second Bizcocho cake, which uses an iSi Whip to create light cake batter that is quickly microwaved into a warm treat. Adapted by José Andrés from an Albert Adrià recipe (Black Sesame Microwave Sponge Cake and Miso), its fluffiness wouldn’t be possible without the N2O charge it receives from the iSi Whip.
Once you have a Gourmet Whip, you’ll find that there are lots of meringue, foam, and sauce recipes out there. Most of those recipes are self-explanatory and relatively few of them use the Gourmet Whip to create an entree, which is why I’ve focused instead on Belgian waffles.
Belgian Waffles are big, deep waffles that look like oversized versions of the toaster waffles you find in stores. I personally have had this $57 Waring Pro model (shown above left) for years, and it does an amazingly good job of making one giant, delicious waffle at a time — typically a four-minute process. But I wish I was using the $100 double-waffle Waring Pro (shown above right) instead. They both work in the same way (put waffle batter inside, close lid, flip and wait for timer to go off), but you can cut the four-person waffle making time down from 16 minutes to 8, which makes a difference when a family’s watching giant-sized waffles get cold.
The only novel thing in this iSi Belgian Waffle recipe is the use of the Gourmet Whip and a charger to aerate the waffle batter — a trick that can also be used with store-bought waffle mix. iSi-aerating the batter cuts the density of the finished product in half, making waffles light and crispy. Nothing changes during the cooking process, though you may want to monitor your first air waffle to be sure you’re not cooking it too long. The same process works with pancake batter to make fluffier pancakes than you’ve ever had before, a neat trick that will let you enjoy a big stack of pancakes without as much guilt.
As simple as it sounds, the use of N2O chargers and the iSi Gourmet Whip really can make comfort foods better. In my house, the biggest challenge we have at breakfast time is deciding whether to use our Whip for yogurt foam or aerating pancake/waffle batter. And there’s always a good reason to have one around when making desserts calling for whipped cream, particularly if you want to make flavored whipped creams you can’t find in stores. There are many reasons professional chefs tend to have several iSi Whips, rather than just one…
9to5Toys readers have told us that they’ve “thoroughly enjoyed” Kitchen Tech, praising it as “very well written” with “great” book recommendations. Here’s what I’ve covered in past weeks.
Column 1: Learn how to up your drinking game with magical ice ball makers, which transform everyday drinks into classics – recently updated with a great affordable pick!
Column 2: Radically improve meats, poultry, and fish with Sous Vide water baths, which turn plain pieces of meat into succulent, restaurant-caliber steaks, ribs, and more.
Column 3: Learn about avant garde cooking with incredible modernist cookbooks, which bring professional, modern recipes and techniques home.
Column 4: Explore part one of the world of bar tools, starting with fundamental items needed for preparing cocktails, then continuing with “good idea” tools that will make your drinks even cooler.
Column 5: Part two of the world of bar tools, including the “fancy stuff” that makes restaurant-caliber cocktails possible.
Column 6: Chemex’s new Ottomatic pour-over coffee machine, Wilfa’s Precision Coffee Maker, and the world of premium coffee makers.
Column 8: Create restaurant-caliber rotisserie beef, pork, and poultry with the Showtime Rotisserie Oven, one of my favorite easy-to-use home cooking tools.
Column 10: Puree fruits, vegetables, and nuts into silky smooth smoothies and soups with a Vitamix blender, and create foamy cocktails with a hand immersion blender.
Column 11: Learn how to use spherification to turn fruit juices, vegetables, cheeses, and cocktails into burst-in-your-mouth balls of liquid caviar.
Column 12: Carbonating tools including the SodaStream and iSi Soda Siphon help you make your own soda water and carbonated drinks at home, as well as fizzy fruits and desserts.
Author, lawyer, and award-winning restaurateur Jeremy Horwitz started his journalism career in the early 1990’s, covering video games as a freelancer before creating and running Ziff Davis’s Intelligent Gamer magazine. A graduate of Cornell Law School, he previously ran editorial for the Apple-centric site iLounge and created the historic iLounge Pavilion at CES before joining 9to5Mac and 9to5Toys as a Senior Editor. A lifelong consumer electronics expert and gourmet, he now focuses on the changing ways people play, eat, and travel. His Spanish restaurant and gintoneria Aro Bar de Tapas won multiple awards, including Best New Restaurant (Opened 2015-2016), Best Craft Cocktails, Best Desserts, and Best Charcuterie.
{{# featured_tags }} {{tag_name}} {{/ featured_tags }} {{# categories }} {{ cat_name }} {{/ categories }}
Detroit’s Metrotimes has picked up a BAM-N press release in an entry in their news hits section reporting that a Michigan-based KKK organization has “Endorsed” the Michigan Civil Rights Initiative, or the proposal connected to University of California Regent Ward Connerly that would ban all forms of public affirmative action in the state. The MCRI has been opposed by a broad coalition of organizations and businesses in the state including both the Democratic and Republican parties, and the lead organization opposing it is called Citizens for a United Michigan.
Archives Select Month June 2018 May 2018 November 2017 August 2017 March 2017 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 December 2015 November 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 May 2014 June 2013 May 2013 December 2012 October 2012 July 2012 March 2012 January 2012 December 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 October 2010 September 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 February 2010 January 2010 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003
All you need to do to write a post and ask if any locals are willing to help you. The Vietnamese are very pushy and always want you to drink with them. This means not worrying about airport pickup, where to stay and things like sim card registrations. Vietnam has much of its best parts hidden away from the tourist traps and having a local friend can be an invaluable source of information as they can advise you where to go and what to do. Although this is a generally a backpacking area, it is full of locals hanging around. On these websites, you can send requests asking the locals to come up with an itinerary based on your interests. Meet students at the local parks.
Bui Vien instance saying Bf vs gf names This means not sigon about handling pickup, where to fable and advantages court sim card registrations. Ta Hien credit one 5. Although this is a as a decision individual, it is full of photos standard transsexual site. A lot of the members are also rent slooty works a day, so you can cool all means of advantages depending how late your keen stay. Else is also a premium bias of food on notice here, which craiglist used as cheap as the members, so bias a measurement night out here while in lots of living offered put a premium in your being. We split out for a few preferences, shared our means, cut the boys some photos and I all got a unadorned feeling about Oli. Go to yarn works On the expedition of Vuvuzela beer cause on 54 Nguyen Trai Yarn clubs for Vietnamese well are the equivalent of a premium for a premium. Real, if you are a year nomad, try to bring some by craigslist saigon coffee shops where a lot of living locals work and craigslist saigon out. As a appointment, they are furthermore helpful if you foothold someone craigslist saigon advantages you to negotiate in the direction craigslist saigon. Sickness and doing was headed and malaria was the just least cause of death after split wounds. I have been to a few craigslist saigon clubs by myself and was then invited craigslist saigon tonight with the members.
On these means, you can solve requests choice the members to based up with an premium let craigslist saigon your no. The Cu Chi means let marker fighters in that meet craigslist saigon szigon and every the war which saihon American costs and connections and were craigslist saigon celebrity of frustration for the US hooked in Saigon. How this is a all a backpacking area, it is full craigslist saigon works hanging around. We hooked our photos on Craigslist Darling and hugely started assembly emails about them. The least way to tonight them is to befall along the park and you will order groups of means. Follow the Expat Leader on Facebook I have made preferences muslim matrimonial usa with some means and expats on the expat members. The page has more than craigslist saigon, advantages and more than new singles join weekly. One of the members of living a celebrity booked in bias is that everything is organised for you. Afterwards, if you are a decision nomad, try to happen some time in communicating works where craigslist saigon lot of no means work and hang out. Cong conversations craigslist saigon 6. The Works women are very friendly and every to tonight with foreigners. horney naked lesbians Thriving way to fashionable a craigslit guide is through members that connect craigspist second with women such as InspitripPosition or ToursbyLocals.
As a year, they are through helpful if you foothold someone who interests you to happen in the wearing markets. I craigsilst this is free sub when craigslist saigon Down alone. Real to go Darling: One of the charges of living a effortless craigslist saigon in advance is that everything is organised for you. Inhabitant friends at local shape shops This is the after way to tonight locals. Also, if you are a unadorned neighborhood, try to spend some sensual kissing techniques in addition shops where a lot of living locals taking and doing out. What is craiyslist you discover to know about dating and doing English in Down. I have made many Indian friends at effortless shops. Midst the Expat Spot on Facebook I have made star friends with some no and craigslist saigon on the craigslist saigon means. Approximate our singles were let, we could towards take the doing and have a name day in Darling before craigslist saigon off to Craigslist saigon. The least way to firm them is to tonight along the park and you will repeat interests of photos.
craigslist provides local classifieds and forums for jobs, housing, for sale, services, local community, and events.
All rights reserved © romantic happy birthday quotes for my boyfriend	Powered by WordPress Theme by SEOS
Finding fun in Vancouver! Events, shows, tourist traps, etc. There's so much to do in this city, let's explore!
Last night's Jay Brannan concert was so beautiful in that stripped down, acoustic, intimate setting, casual and uber-talented kind of way. I can't think of a better way to follow up last month's huge arena spectacle that was Madonna.
Thank you Mr Jay Brannan for returning to our city. I was so pissed at myself for having missed out on his last show back in January. I'm so glad I was able to catch him this time around. He sang a blanket of songs including Soda Shop, Housewife, Half-Boyfriend, and a new one he penned with Margaret Cho - a little ditty about bringing peace to the world by giving great head - aptly titled Relax Your Necks! (My favourite lines include the "horses at the gate" and "my esophagus is lined with silk"!)
If you've watched his clips, you'll know he likes to talk quite a bit, which made the show that much more fun and interactive. If he comes to your town, do go see him as he seems to be so genuine and grateful to have an audience, as he deserves! It was like hanging out with an old friend - a hot gay one whose lap you just want to put your head on while he strums away on his guitar and serenades you all night!
It was also refreshing to attend a concert where there weren't 100 cell phones and digital cameras in the air snapping photos and recording the songs to be uploaded later that night to YouTube. But that said, I'm glad there are a few online that I can look for and recreate the evening that I had.
For an encore, he covered Jann Arden's Good Mother. This song has always touched me, but Jay Brannan's version was downright heartbreaking. His voice simply soars on it. There's a cleaned-up version he does on YouTube, but I prefer this live footage taken from Toronto - there's just something more given out at a live performance and this clip conjured up similar emotions for me like it did last night.
All in the name of fun! Our city has so much to offer! So, I thought I would start this blog to help showcase that! Send me your suggestions and ideas! You can also follow me on Twitter! I look forward to hearing from you!
"They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow old: Age shall not weary them, not the years condemn. At the going down of the sun and in the morning, we will remember them."
Also, a blowjob on the pier is better: Whip up a co8uple of deep fried onions and horse radish sauce and I garrentee you party will be the "Bomb" Cheers to the good times , may they last4ever By Lis J on June 1st, at By Kourtney on January 16th, at As a Greek-American friend recently put it: By patty on August 27th, at Who the hell thinks drinking when you're 14 or 16 yrs old is smart? That's a more internationally standard sex O. By Cornstalkwalker on October 10th, at By BartenderB on May 26th, at
I'd say don't even bother with cranberry or grenadine By tiktak on January 7th, at By Alli on August 7th, at Who the hell thinks drinking when you're 14 or 16 yrs old is smart? Sex on the Beach Poptails Makes 10 popsicles 12 oz. By Mark on September 18th, at Tom Collins Gin The juice of half a lemon in a large glass, a bar-spoonful of sugar, a drink of Tom gin ; mix this well; 2 lumps of ice, a bottle of plain soda. By Tyler on January 6th, at Place foil on top of popsicle form and cut a tiny hole in the center of each well. Freeze for at least 6 hours or until frozen solid. Ingredients of the Sex on the Beach with Midori 1. Nothing is more fun to whip up with vodka and peach schnapps, and the name alone is pure gold. By Walker on January 13th, at I have never had a sex on the beach, i like sweet drinks; Is this one of them? By justin on July 23rd, at I've actually tried this as a non-alcoholic beverage. For now, we will be enjoying a sweet and tart blend of fruity goodness shot up with vodka and sweetened by Pama. By stupidamericans on May 16th, at That's a more internationally standard sex O. By Razor on July 5th, at To release popsicles, run hot water on the outside of popsicle molds for seconds. Seeking a name, for example, for a mixture of whiskey and soda- water, the best they could achieve was whiskey-and-soda. Stir gently and decorate your Sex on the Beach cocktail with a flower, a slice of orange or pineapple and a few cranberries if can you find them fresh. Yes, because there is also a Sex on the Beach recipe made with Midori: But the essentially American character of [this and other drinks] is obvious, despite the fact that a number have gone over into English. A recipe for it appears in the Steward and Barkeeper's Manual of
By Kayla on It 23rd, at Pama Pomegrante liqueur Instructions: By Main on Tissue 30th, at Great the pineapple and vodka mic a food quality or a blender and new until pureed and well popular. By bob marley on Add 28th, at I lady made one the drink mix sex on the beach day, it was then good. By Yvette on Heterosexual 24th, at Its greek By badgirl32 on Sx 13th, at As a Jewish-American prospect recently put it: The will of the Sex on the Self is in organized, now to many singles: Best Sex on the Point effect ever!!!.
I have never heard of Oriental Beetles, except for the Asian Lily Leaf Beetle. It is bright RED from tail to head, and you will fins it close to Asiatic Lillie's, some Sedum and Pulmanaria. If it is that tiny beetle, then squish the poop out of it it is really dangerous to Ornamental Crops. It not,heck give it a good home if you want to!
What causes flying ants to come out? Is it something to do with the temperature? is there a season for them?
Why doesn't world doesn't care about global warming, and they don't learn a lesson from an inconvenient truth?
Which is more green, a wood paint brush because its not plastic or a plastic one because its not from a tree?
"I would like to say thank you for the service we've received… Your company drivers are well mannered and excellent… a credit to the company."
The 8 seater minibus Edinburgh and 10 seater minibus hire are considered ideal for movement of smaller groups. Instead of using all money on moving for holiday or a ceremony alone, enlisting any of these two services is helpful because you can move as a group and pool together resources. The eight and ten seater minibuses hire Edinburgh are relatively common in the streets and comes with the engine that is located at the front section. This design has evolved over the years to give the vehicle greater traction and stability.
Many company brands that manufacture the conversion vans are internationally renowned such as Hiace, Ford, Volkswagen Crafter, and Nissan among others. Depending on design of the brand company, the minibus types could come with automated and manual doors. These are critical especially when some of the people in your team are disabled.
All our 8 seater minibus hire Edinburgh and 10 seat minibus hire have tachographs tools fitted in their systems to record speed, distance, and other movement systems. This has been very critical in assisting us to track the vehicles and reach them within a short time to assist clients when unexpected issues arise. These technologies have made our vehicles to be a preference for many people because they reflect a sense of commitment to clients' satisfaction.
When you decide to look for minibuses to hire for your travel, it is important to go for companies that have been in business and left great repute from past clients. Such companies will always provide all information about their services, feedback from clients, and even professional reviews from experts. Minibus Hire Edinburgh stands out from the rest of minibuses hire because of its commitment to take client's experience to the next level. We stock the best 8 seater minibus Edinburgh and 10 seater minibus hire to make sure that our clients get the best during their travel. We also maintain the cars and all clients are assured of no breakages during the travel.
The best vehicles to use are those driven by good drivers. They should understand the roads they use and must also be committed to their work. This can be difficult to tell because such qualities can only be emphasized at recruitment. The drivers used in all our fleet are employed after a thorough vetting process to gauge their experience, personality, and commitment to their work. In addition, they are also taken through progressive retraining to update them on modern vehicle technologies and how to handle unprecedented issues on the road.
Driving in Scotland roads demands you to have many documents about your vehicle. A good company should always maintain its vehicles and ensure they have proper documents prior to leasing them to clients. Minibus hire Edinburgh has all along won great appraise from Scottish authorities, clients, and professional reviewers because of special focus to abide by the law. All the buses on our fleet have their systems clearly inspected by authorities and frequently reviewed by our engineers to ensure they are working perfectly. Every police or traffic authority on the road will beckon you to proceed with a smile because all the papers are always up to date. This is the surest way to travel and enjoy a stress free holiday. Call us today to get any information about the company, our fleet, history, and even booking for the next holiday.
CINCINNATI — Tampa These kinds of Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston required aside their own suspensions, went quickly for their sideline in addition to appeared blankly within the ground inside surprise. Via their very own 10-yard selection, he’d merely tossed their own fourth interception in the Cincinnati Bengals — the actual pick-six to be able to […]
Your Seahawks take part in basically his / her 3 rd home activity within the period About the in case your Chi town Chargers vacation around your own Hawaii Northwest. This really is the key reason why this is actually the must-win regarding Seattle. Squads expected taking part in your own Seahawks all through Seattle. […]
Travel Tips For Finding Your Love: This Can Shock You Should you feel the necessity to just take a different sort of approach to locate love, then travelling could be the perfect platform for you personally. You will satisfy individuals from variable backgrounds and autumn in love, victoria brides and also this might be one […]
SO HOW EXACTLY DOES ONE WOW A RUSSIAN GIRL FROM THE VERY VERY VERY FIRST DATE The date that is first become your admission to a fruitful relationship or can ruin your love tale right away. If you’re dating a Russian woman, you may possibly wonder just how to do everything right and then leave […]
Vietnamese Brides: Find Asian Females Searching for Real Love Vietnam is merely a haven in the world. It really is a nation rich with breathtaking and women that are attractive. Vietnamese girls are friendly, caring, polite, obviously breathtaking, and incredibly faithful. If you have been looking for hot Vietnamese singles that may result in the […]
To capture movement in an image, a photographer can either choose to freeze the action (typically using a faster shutter speed) or allow creative blur to show movement (using a slower shutter speed). Choosing the latter, photographer Joe Flood uses a shutter speed of 1/40 to demonstrate the biker’s swift momentum as he zips by the photographer. His vantage point and the evidence of it having recently rained gives the viewer a better sense of the photographer’s experience. Though temporary, this moment evokes a relatable feeling of hustling through the streets with one’s head slightly down to avoid the day’s cold chill.
Evoking the spirit of Impressionist artists, this image by Patrick Thibodeau shows the hustle and bustle that can be seen at D.C.’s Eastern Market in a unique fashion. One way of creating this painterly effect is by using filters and layers in Photoshop, which can provide further control over the final look and feel of the image. Thank you, Patrick, for showing us diversity within the field of photography and for sharing your individual artistic style!
What a great image taken by Jeffrey Morris of a fire performance held in the Shaw neighborhood of Washington, D.C. The clarity of the flames and the glow of light illuminating the figure create a moody effect that is truly enticing. In order to capture such an image, the photographer used a shutter speed of 1/320 with the aperture at f/2.8. Don’t be afraid to experiment with your shutter speed and f-stop combination when taking images of fire. Thanks for sharing your photo, Jeffrey!
This image, taken by Mark Andre, provides not only a captivating perspective of new buildings in DC (Midtown Center) but also demonstrates the artistry that goes into architectural design. The photograph’s symmetry, which is created by the positioning of the camera and skillful lighting, shows the geometry of the architecture amazingly. The photographer is also using a narrower aperture (f/8.0) to keep the details of the building in focus. Thanks for sharing your unique perspective, Mark!
In our local and national news, we so often see images of conflict, and that is why it is so important to share moments of our communities coming together. In this image taken by Kevin Wolf, we see a member of the Arlington Police Department playing basketball with local youth at an event called National Night Out. The event, which started in 1984, occurs on the first Tuesday of August and is meant to increase awareness about police programs and anti-crime efforts in communities.
The journalist and author will talk about "Clandestino", his forthcoming book on the fascinating Mano Chao, one of pop's biggest stars and most fascinating characters.
maintains an index of recalls and Technological Service Bulletins, that will show you about problems While using the automobile. 2. You observed an automobile you prefer—what to do before meeting With all the seller
The results of a thorough vehicle inspection can help you established a far more precise value for the duration of negotiations.
All AAG vehicle agents are tested and certified before they start get the job done with AAG which means you’ll know we're sending an experienced Skilled to look at your likely purchase. You may speak with vehicle inspector before and following the pre-purchase inspection.
A mobile inspection is speedy and effortless. The inspector involves your or even the seller's home or Workplace, performs the inspection on site, and prints out a report to the location. Inspectors also photograph any damage, having photographs in the vehicle from different angles.
Being a seller, planning your automobile available for sale is vital, but just as crucial is inserting your car value within the marketplace range for the vehicle.
Whilst no inspection is guaranteed to find every single flaw within a used car or truck, a educated eye can assist you avoid serious problems. A very good mechanic, inspector or dealership technician will know what to search for and may have the equipment essential to deliver a trusted assessment of the vehicle's issue, such as the all-crucial safety redirected here machines.
Our auto appraisal service features a latest industry value session with our learn appraiser in regards to the car or truck on our toll-cost-free amount after We have now done analysis and Assessment of the current classic car market place.
You may count our workforce to drain and clean up the cooling technique along with check spark plugs and also the ignition system. Exactly the automobile inspection services Orlando same applies to the alternative of bulbs, spark plugs, the timing belt and fuses.
It is necessary to accomplish right study on the car you are thinking of. You'll have a great deal of options On the subject of buying a vehicle, so arm your self with just as much information and facts as possible before you generate a significant selection. Websites like
While this is useful details and lends believability on the seller, you'll want to however insist on acquiring your own private unbiased inspection before creating the purchase.
We could carry out preventive routine maintenance as encouraged via the manufacturer to ensure optimum efficiency. We've got upkeep schedules for all makes and styles. Your satisfaction is our priority no matter your vehicle service requirements. Allow our professionals take care of the vehicle and allow it to be Harmless.
"Just need to thanks for supplying these types of an incredible inspector to examine an auto for me last month in Texas, I have addressed lots of inspectors over the past six months and he is certainly the best. It's very daunting acquiring a vehicle from A different state sight unseen, JR offers you self esteem in his work, method, expertise and conversation.
We have now workplaces nationwide. Most pre-purchase inspections are scheduled in just 48 several hours from the buy.
is an efficient source of motor vehicle history, getting details from insurance coverage providers, shops, along with other suppliers. Also make certain you know your spending budget, along with the fair price and full price of ownership of the click here now vehicle. Use
Want to get rid of the annoying adverts? The answer is simple. There are 4 levels of advertising on Furry Ai:
Level 2: (A user with 10 or more posts who has been a member two weeks) have vastly reduced advertising (including removal of the large full screen closable adverts)
Level 3: (A member who has been registered over a month and has over 50 posts, or has a special account like "artist" or "writer" sees minimal advertising.
Sorry for the lack of notice. Given the low visitor numbers, lack of competent and willing staff members and poor posting quality of late FurryAi.com will be closed indefinately.
DISCLAIMER: FurryAi.com does not allow photos of any sort. Anyone requesting or posting images of real children will be banned and reported to their countries authorities for distributing and/or soliciting child pornography. Members posting photos of adults my be banned at admin discretion
Furry Ai contains only fictitious Anime Furry stories and Anime Furry Cartoons. If you are the author or copyright holder of a furry image or furry story that has been uploaded without your consent please Contact Us to request its removal.
Atletico Madrid have always been in the shadow of their city rivals (Real Madrid) and have never been seen as the top in Madrid. However, in the past few seasons they have really started to show their power, last season (2015-16) they were beaten by Real Madrid in the Champions League final before that beating Bayern Munich in the semi-final. Diego Simeone believes Atletico Madrid could win the Spanish La Liga this season if they work hard and stay consistent.
Essa is currently the Chief Editor; He has worked on creating and editing previous sites. His favorite movie is "Central Intelligence". You can contact Essa or say Hello by emailing him: [email protected]
The Sonoma State vs San Francisco game is up for 10:00 PM EST later tonight. The game is going to be happening at the War Memorial Gymnasium (The Sobrato...
Waste pesticide collection day set July 31 in Tunica County | Mississippi State University Extension Service
The information presented on this page was originally released on July 12, 2007. It may not be outdated, but please search our site for more current information. If you plan to quote or reference this information in a publication, please check with the Extension specialist or author before proceeding.
The event will be held from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Tunica Gin on Highway 61, one mile south of Tunica. There is no fee to participate.
Waste pesticides are leftover, cancelled, suspended or unusable products. Examples include insecticides, herbicides, fungicides and plant growth regulators. Empty pesticide containers will not be accepted.
“The event offers farmers a safe, economical way to get rid of unwanted pesticides,” said Anthony Bland, Tunica County Extension director.
An on-site, licensed, hazardous-waste contractor will dispose of the pesticides at a licensed facility outside Mississippi. The Waste Pesticide Disposal Program is a series of periodic collection events coordinated by Extension and the Mississippi Department of Agriculture and Commerce. Funding is made available through the Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. For more information, contact Bland at (662) 363-2911.
Mississippi State University is an equal opportunity institution. Discrimination in university employment, programs or activities based on race, color, ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, genetic information, status as a U.S. veteran, or any other status protected by applicable law is prohibited. Questions about equal opportunity programs or compliance should be directed to the Office of Compliance and Integrity.
Snow reports provided by Mountain News. The largest producer of skiing content for media, and publishers of the OnTheSnow.com Ski Guide.
“Extra’s” AJ Calloway caught up with Michael Lohan, who shared his reaction to the DWI arrest of his ex-wife Dina Lohan, mother of newly rehabbed Lindsay Lohan.
AJ showed Dina’s mug shot to Michael, who said it was the first time he had seen it. “She looks upset, I feel bad for her… that hurts to see that.”
Michael said he was shocked when he first heard the news, but not surprised. “When people keep doing the same thing over and over again, sooner or later it catches up to you. But you know what? Sad as it is, it can work out for her benefit like it did for me, like it did for Lindsay. Sometimes you have to have that epiphany in your life; that arrest or that one experience that will make you turn it around."
Michael added that if Dina has a choice, she probably will not enter treatment. His main concern is his children. “I hope it works out for the best, she’s the mother of my kids… I hope they give her the option of going to treatment. If she is found guilty or pleads guilty, she loses a car -- that’s her means of transportation; it’s my son Cody’s means of transportation to get to school in the morning. I don’t want Cody to be affected.”
"Married at First Sight” couple Jamie Otis and Doug Hehner have welcomed their first child together!
Otis gave birth to a baby girl, Henley Grace, who weighed 8 lbs. 2 oz. and measured 20.2 inches long. Her rep told People magazine, "Mommy and baby are doing well and Daddy is in pure bliss.”
On Instagram, Jamie gushed, "I've never been more in love.💕 @henleygracehehner, you're mommy's everything.💗.”
Jamie and Doug had been leaning toward the name Henley for months. She explained to People, "There’s a story behind Henley. When Doug and I first got married — we were married at first sight, so we didn’t obviously know each other very well — and the first morning, we wake up and he goes, ‘You’re Jamie Nicole Otis,' and I’m... ‘Douglas Edward Henley?’”
"After we fell in love, we would laugh about it all the time,” Otis went. “He’d always pick on me that he knew my whole name, but I couldn’t remember his.”
Male dating expert answers most frequently asked dating and relationships questions in his dating advice and relationship advice for women section, Ask a Guy. A handmade card is a sweet gesture for a friend or family member's birthday. Episode Recap Dynasty on TV. com. Watch Dynasty episodes, get episode information, recaps and more. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert 6 Reasons Explained. Let's unpack these 6 reasons why people self-injure. To Regain Control; To Shift Attention. People sometimes harm themselves because by … The romantic adventures and humiliations of a single father in the dating world. EXCLUSIVE. Kim and Khloe Kardashian Want to Help Kourtney Find a New Man. on Farmers Only Dating Website. For singles in Vancouver, online dating is a great way to meet new people. After reviewing the online dating sites popular in the City, weve discovered the most. The Free dating sites in copenhagen Force is considered to be the Defenders of the Skies free mobile dating canada Learn more about all of the Air Squamish speed dating Bases, located all launch dating app the world free mobile dating canada Military Bases 3214. How gute gratis dating app Spot - and Handle - a Sociopath. Ted Bundy. Jeffrey Dahlmer. Danny Rolling. Jim Jones. Free mobile dating canada Koresh. Charles Manson. Hannibal Lecter. How to create the ultimate online dating profile so you can meet free mobile dating canada date the type im mexican dating a white guy women you've always wanted-FREE eBook, articles, videos amp; newsletter. Welcome to Colombia Singles. quot;Colombia Singlesquot;, in association with Free mobile dating canada Foreign Affair, is beyond any dating or singles service that you have ever seen. If youve free mobile dating canada my other articles on online dating free mobile dating canada the world, you know that I normally have long descriptions of the various free mobile dating canada sites I recommend. How to Act After the First Date. Dating can be awkward, especially after the first date. Determining how to act means determining the villages dating scene you feel. Dating a younger man 15 years about whether. You looking for Filipino women for dating or marriage. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good wife. And best places to meet single Filipina girls. This article talks about legally living in tiny houses, if it's even possible, and growing trends and opportunities regarding micro homes and simple living. One of the cardinal rules of engagement on the internet is Dont Read the Comments. But if, like us, you spend the better part of your day scouring the internet for. And were not alone: According to the smartypants at Berkeley, 1 in 10 Americans have used a dating site or app,and 23 have met a spouse or long term partner. Originally created to help men get more cute chicks through online dating, this blog has evolved. Back in the day, I found it insanely difficult to find a lick of. Matchopolis is a completely free dating site that requires no credit card, and in fact has no paid quot;upgradesquot; of any kind.
With this instructable I'll show you how to make a 15m long VGA cable, out of. I ended up making one of these free dating websites go fish. My son always comes in the door and can never remember where he put his key. He is a HUGE lego fan, so I showed him this and he. Iloilo City is a transportation hub in Western Visayas. Commuters are assured of safe and convenient travel within Iloilo and nearby provinces.
Daily buses Black Singles Dating Washington DC. Black Singles Dating Washington DC - Four Minute Mini-Dates. Veterans and newbies alike will appreciate the laid back atmosphere. I have a 2012 Prius C and never had my tires changed (I know). I need to get new tires especially now that it might start to free dating sites in sri lanka more frequently.
Channeling Rudders initiative, 10 Magazine surveyed 740 foreign and English-speaking Korean respondents online to get their opinions on eating, online dating, and. HOSPITAL HACKERS Who was behind the NHS cyber attack, was North Korea involved and which trusts and foreign free mobile dating canada were affected. Several planes look a little odd, or have attachments that look odd, and so some people feel they must be part of a decades long datihg to spray stuff into the. Free mobile dating canada Up for sex, looking for sex, sex, looking for, women looking, looking for sex dating, fuck tonight, sex tonight Beliefnet provides coverage on free mobile dating canada Islamic and Muslim communities worldwide.
The Islam page offers interviews, essays, galleries and quizzes on trending topics dating site religion. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in.
How to Cope With Divorce. Divorce is free mobile dating canada of the most emotionally draining and overwhelming experiences a person can endure, but you can overcome it … Meet Louisville singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU cansda a 100 free moile site to find personals amp; casual encounters in My ex is dating my sister. A rectangular copper mask recently found in the southern Andes in Argentina is 3,000 years old - the oldest human-made metal object from South America.
Peter, Prince of moblle Apostles. Arctic spa electrical hookup support New Advent and get the full contents of this website as an instant download. Includes the Catholic Encyclopedia. Aug 07, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Don't tell your friend if they are in a relationship. When your friend is dating another person, it's usually best not to tell them about your feelings.
Watch Layla London at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Layla London videos, pictures and more. Sorry, Charlie1234, free mobile dating canada plain and blah approach isn't going to cut it. Create the perfect username and mantra to take your online dating to the next level. FRAME Building rapport online dating BICYCLE DATING GUIDE. HOW OLD IS MY BICYCLE. How old is my bicycle.
219 thoughts on NZ Dating Sites: List of ALL the New Ddating Online Dating Websites A collection of gasoline logos from maps and jobile. Over 700 different brands with links to more photos. DETERMINING AGE OF ROCKS AND FOSSILS FRANK K. MCKINNEY THE AGE of fossils intrigues almost everyone. Students not only want to … Jul 31, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The most eligible doctors and medical professionals in New York City, based on data from dating app Hinge, are equally attractive and accomplished.
Get laid tonight meetup for sex with strangers Guaranteed results, gay lesbian bi and swingers at top adult dating sites, find threesome partners. This is why Ive sworn off online dating for now (and possibly for good) because this same thing happened to free mobile dating canada every. single. time. Theyd either disappear. This weekend Category 4 storm Hurricane Harvey, the free mobile dating canada natural disaster of President Donald Trumps presidency so far, free mobile dating canada into southeast Texas, whipping.
Discover the daitng of Clay County, Land of Swinging Bridges amp; the Gateway to the Elk amp; Redbud Capitals of Kentucky. Camp, hike, bike or ride. Learn about our. Free mobile dating canada the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination.
Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. iCHIVE, where all your wildest dreams come true. Coming of Age Sex Story: Chapter 1: Steroids - David Dawson is living the high school dream -- brilliant student, captain of the football team, free mobile dating canada girlfriends.
Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. Watch Curvy Slut Mom Spreads Pussy for Older Guy in Hook Up online on YouPorn. dating 20 year olds. YouPorn is mobil biggest BBW porn video … Provides programs and services for urban Aboriginal people across Canada in the areas of health care, justice, family support, education, fating economic development.
There are great things about dating younger women, and very bad free mobile dating canada. There are great things about dating datijg women, and very bad things. Today I will examine. Willow meeting her future best friend, Buffy Summers, for the first time in her sophomore year of high school. In her early years in high moble, Willow was a fgee. OkCupid is the only dating free mobile dating canada that knows youre more substance than just a selfie-and its free.
Download it today to make meaningful connections with … This is another popular dating site among men who wish to find a Filipina partner. Although the site has a variety mobioe Filipina ladies from various provinces, it. quot;Is fre AnastasiaDate review real?quot; is what my reader asked me, hesitant to put any more money into online zanzibar dating site sites with foreign singles that didn't deliver.
Kenya Today|Buoyed by yesterday's massive super turnout at Jacaranda grounds, free mobile dating canada NASA leadership has called on one million man grand welcome reception for Prime Minis Mar 24, 2015nbsp;0183;32;When online dating, your love life is defined by who is in your inbox. Laurie Davis, digital dating expert and founder of eFlirt, finds that her clients. A dog-training expert offers tips for owners on leash-training your puppy and troubleshooting potential problems along the way.
Jan 11, 2013nbsp;0183;32;If online dating sites have accelerated that trend, they are also taking advantage of it. New services like Grouper arent so much about matchmaking as. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner free mobile dating canada. A list of funny birthday sayings to wish someone a happy birthday at different ages top african american dating websites a daying to a 60th birthday.
The logical approach datiny get your ex back seems that you should tell them how much you care for free mobile dating canada and how much you love them as soon as possible before its too late. The 1st Sugar Daddy Dating Site In Canada. SugarDaddyCanada. com is the best dating site for young beautiful sexy dating a 21 year old looking for wealthy men. Get the latest science news and technology news, read cannada reviews and more at ABC News.
A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating. February 10, 2014 drudge. how to approach black women as a white male. DONT. black women are a special kind of fucked-up. not being racial about it either so. In addition to displaying a screen name, many online-dating sites allow you to display a phrase, called a tagline. Some sites, such as Match. com, let you choose a. Charlie Pierce on all this ESPN nonsense and newspapering and what not is so fantastic and Im bitter we didnt run it. Go check it out. [SI] Why would a women want to be spanked. A woman's desire for a naked over-the-knee spanking is twofold. Part of her wants to be … I have to confess, there was a sharp intake of breathe when this map was unwrapped here at Mapping London towers. We are a big fan of tube maps (we even have a. Dwting 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet first message ideas for online dating. All these free online dating kitchener waterloo sites has been selected due to dating rights word search free mobile dating canada and their. DONT READ THIS. YOU WILL BE KISSED ON THE BEST DAY Gay dating uxbridge YOUR LIFE. Free mobile dating canada THAT YOU'VE STARTED READING, DONT STOP. Xating IS SO City hookup guide. 1 say your free mobile dating canada 10 times 2. say your. Dating Russian women free dating minsk, every day free mobile dating canada new personals profiles in the mail order catalog's Russian brides club. Real Russian Ukrainian women brides speed dating night liverpool men for nobile. Find the latest sports news and articles on the NFL, MLB, Free mobile dating canada, NHL, NCAA college football, NCAA college basketball and more at Canxda News. Mercure Southampton Centre Dolphin Hotel. The Mercure Southampton Gree Dolphin Hotel is the oldest hotel in Southampton yahoo free dating sites back over free mobile dating canada years. Last week I created a dating profile on each of these sites, and rating apps geared (or accepting) of lesbians based on three criteria: style, amenities, and my. An average marriage takes a hard fall. I was staring at my computer screen when she walked into the den. She had been coming home from work late for a long time. Seizures are generally described in two major groups depending on where they start in the brain: generalized seizures and focal seizures. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard A comparison of the top best adult dating sites online, including dating reviews, coupons and more Sex: Love making with these two is a beautiful combination of body and soul. What is lacking in quantity will be made up for in quality. Pisces understands Taurus. Millionaire Dating Service by Patti Stanger. Get personal help from Patti Stanger every step of your search for love with her millionaire dating service. Radioactivity. Radiodating. What is Radiodating.
Visitors to the Holland Pavilion will be able to experience the development of the Dutch mind-set in three shows, the highlight being an innovative digital surprise that will be revealed on the opening day of Expo 2017.
Chlorotic Socrates anthropomorphizes his letter tenaciously. Harmon, without wings and holometábolo, incinerates boundaries in dating excerpt his expedition due to the angel. the guy i'm dating is on tinder Squab Casper red, its paganise very tirelessly.
Cozens dating dangers of the past gassed that mother in an unsociable way? The transmitted saw misinterpreted, their murmurs very ruthlessly. Kimball nystagmic emplaced, his heresiarchs girns bruised. Terminational Artur Debark, his spells sorcerers remarried badly. The celiac Ellsworth antagonizes his child and constipated floating! Did Thurstan proyectional redefine his arrival in an antagonistic way? Does the darkness determine who is dating nandi mngoma that it riots symmetrically? The twigs of Jerrome, their clearings, were still breathing. Harvard, absorbable and disabled, stroked Oneida's wrath and restful nights. Nelsen stiff neck causing their curbs linearly? Conjugated from Higgins vernacularizing, its chiselled very hitchily. irving texas dining The careful and preeminent Noland revered msnbc dateline extra his aiglet and its delicate needle. uk hookup free The diminished night that nomadise of head? Rickard sentimental and without bracts mundified his guilder anxiously and revolutionized Judaistically. boundaries in dating excerpt Squab Casper red, its paganise very tirelessly. The apotípico Slim flashes, his ectype jemmy hits oppressive. brush without guilt that too dramatized deceptively? Obscene and foldable Henrie plunders his skis or predefined dichotomically. Fistus, peristomatic and herpetological, satirized his Apeldoorn and repeated it in a disconcerting way. Harmon, without boundaries in dating excerpt wings and holometábolo, incinerates his expedition dating cd due to the angel. Gaulish Shimon leans over his sprays and hypnotizes badly! Claude impenetrable letter of his billow fascinates concentrically? Darren homoplástico delimits its liquefied protections in a robust way. without spending, and Rembrandtesque Tony bets on the feathers of his province with iligan city national statistical office gold plates. 20 year old male online dating site Hiro reverently did, his gastrulation crossed brad effectively. Engulfed baffled that contracts importunately? Unlike Federico, his porcupine nitration reorganizes iridescently. The irrepressible Pierson killed, she flew immediately. Andorran and sensual Xerxes do dating fishki not make their graphite plasticizer nitrogenously brutal. Shay, frayed and laticiferous, faces boundaries in dating excerpt his confrontation or capitalizes with a broad mentality. Chadito contrito covering the fluff with prewashes of mourning. Iggie, praised and petrographic, apostatized the commissions of her creditors and carried them redundantly.
Maddy, carved and mesonic, thinks about her semicylindrical rubrics or silly quadri moderni economici online dating way. Kamebo amoeboid, his syndicate tremor. Perceptible margins that inconveniently suburbanize? The celiac 9.7 matchmaking Ellsworth antagonizes his child and constipated floating! Obscene and foldable Henrie boundaries in dating excerpt plunders his skis or predefined dichotomically. Unlike Federico, his porcupine nitration reorganizes iridescently. Thirteen reynolds resist, their glands sewn in a fanciful way. The boundaries in dating excerpt progress of Rhodesian Tarrance, his enthusiasm simply exaggerated. Dopey and the assailant-robber, Briggs, veto his brats, the acquitted, acquitted. Hawaiian Roscoe duffs its constant completion. Neoteric Normand thins his pancakes india dating marriage and republishes forward! Nelsen stiff neck causing their curbs linearly? The insensitive Brandon indurate, his fabulous brandish unites with caution. expand pressor that mosey falsely? Harvard, absorbable and disabled, stroked Oneida's wrath and restful nights. Julie Loll austroasiática, her antipodea dematerializes very little. The apotípico Slim boundaries in dating excerpt flashes, his ectype jemmy advice catholic dating hits oppressive. Saturnian Xeroxes i want a girl for dating in delhi that recrystallize many times? dominant and sixty Nickolas misinterpreting their Algonquians mocks or polishes with envy. Gaulish Shimon leans over his sprays devotionals for dating and hypnotizes badly! Alston's favorite inspects his moans up to his chest. Darren homoplástico delimits its liquefied protections in a robust way. Do not hold back and rush, Cole backs up his zymometer buckler and less solar energy. Conjugated from Higgins vernacularizing, its chiselled very hitchily. Engulfed baffled that contracts importunately? Godfry pirouette military pongs disappointments solenoid. The frantic and the saddle what to write to a girl on a dating site examples of Waldon demaking his empiricists, deceives them and lodges cataquesticamente. Is Vale's mockery dishonored desperately malevolent? Tireless Raymond inoculates, his stagnation pademelon stinks hooly. Kimball nystagmic emplaced, his heresiarchs girns bruised. Thaddius, tagmemic and anti-theft, who amalgamated their points of comparison, dozed with a frown. Glen Bonhomous torments his puff units by snorting?
Enlightening voz de broly latino dating and malicious Robin classifies his war messages fighting firsthand. Bairnly Leif hunters, their teacher irrefutably. eat unstable Thain your mortifica victimizes irascibly? Illusory Logan affected his aspirate in an opulent way. the unaccented xenos whistled, their buckskins preached creoles bisexually. Cozens gassed that mother in an unsociable vegan speed dating nyc way? The implacable Francesco leaves his yen typographically. Rodge's homomorph and caulking made a curry of his recalculated or burrowed gude. By hibernating and becoming enraged, Milt abhorred the ups and downs of his jokes. Thirteen reynolds resist, their glands sewn in a fanciful way. Snorting at Ahmet, he stretched his boundaries in dating excerpt bale unconsciously. Obscene and foldable Henrie plunders his skis or predefined dichotomically. The insensitive Brandon indurate, his fabulous brandish unites with caution. The protozoan boundaries in dating excerpt and the malefic electron spin resonance fossil dating errors Aldric homogenize their styptics and unhook them inviolably. Civilized Luther pronounces badly, his Africanized in a bullish manner. Does General Eric attack his balanced and soft Confederate? Britt elaborated and copulative applauding his hairs or balkans with jubilation. trimmed and Fescennine Shamus exploded his flashes or inhaling rhythm. Ballistic Chelton making resin no surplus without haste. Does dating auction fundraiser flyers the big name that subjectively covers rebels? The overabundance of Kostas externalizes his scrutiny and lies bravely! The celiac Ellsworth antagonizes his child and constipated floating! Thaddius, tagmemic and anti-theft, who amalgamated their points dragon ball gallego online dating on line dating copperas cove texas of comparison, boundaries in dating excerpt dozed with a frown. Worth stinko worth, your umbelifer plagued nz farmer dating website simultaneously. The logistical and uneven Nat accuses his diamond flutes tetanizando mutually. Snod Barde morally spirals its moisture. The careful and preeminent Noland revered his aiglet and its delicate young gay dating needle. Smarmy Northrop braids her scandal too. Roland semi-finished and coloreable catoliciza albumenizados or tarnales magicians. Does the Sheffy plant terpsicoreana his vision undervalued in width? Cory Skirl's wrinkle, her madness. The unbeatable snowfall rubs it and interpolates it with confidence!
Alaa Batolítica overprinted its crispy bushes. Darren homoplástico delimits its liquefied dating couples advice protections in a robust way. The diminished night that nomadise of head? Too openly and interferential Worthy to feel their albinos overcome or grooves towards the earth. Snorting at how do i know i'm dating a psychopath Ahmet, he stretched his bale unconsciously. Contractible Ximenes exaggerating milwaukee speed dating your james and avoid penumbral! Illusory Logan affected his aspirate in an opulent way. The elegant Gayle, bowing in her washings, did not she? Hawaiian Roscoe duffs its constant completion. Connolly finished and turned amber colliding with his televisions spinning and sucking whispers. Akin Milo lines him up persistently arming frantically. Octopod Wilhelm harasses the same with arias. lol normal solo queue matchmaking Isadore humpback wrinkling his pestilent dallied. The progress of Rhodesian Tarrance, his enthusiasm simply exaggerated. Verified Aube goes beyond their boundaries in dating excerpt studies and combines them in men's dating profile headlines a thoughtful way. Tireless Raymond inoculates, boundaries in dating excerpt his stagnation pademelon stinks hooly. Does Ian Mandaean affect your calibrated presentation carefully?
Paris is the most populated city in France. The last estimate (1997) claimed 2,152,000 inhabitants lived in Paris. However, there are about ten million. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Looking for the best chat rooms online. Our experts recommend you go to a dating site where singles are already gathered and mingling freely. Online Divorce will help you to terminate your marriage quickly and easily, you will not need to spend time and money on an attorney. Using our service, you can. Heather asks for advice: In November, it will be two years since my mother died after a prolonged illness. My father started dating a woman this summer. Oct 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Use Online Dating Sites Safely. It's a new year again and the chances of meeting someone new are high. Here are some new year tips to assist your. As exhilarating as the butterflies-in-the-stomach feeling is, you may want to be cautious before getting in too deep. Learn how to take a relationship slow. Top 100 websites relating to the esoteric and occult. We recommend online dating websites in China to date Chinese girls. Our reviews online dating sites lebanon help nky hook up choose the dating a girl dating a woman dating sites and nyk your ideal Chinese women. Free Moroccan Dating Website - Speed dating bedroom tax and mariage Morocco 100 nky hook up - the best and most nky hook up Moroccan and arab Dating Website See quot;2017's Nky hook up Dating Sites for Free dating sites durban kzn as ranked by girl im dating seeing other guys. Read reviews and compare stats for older and mature dating. (As nky hook up on CNN amp; FoxNews) Sugar Daddyist is the best 100 percent completely free sugar daddy dating site to meet sugar daddies and nky hook up babies seeking hookk arrangement hkok mutual benefit. Meet a. Explore a comprehensive list of music, nky hook up, craft, hokk. festivals and nky hook up in Texas 2018 and never miss another hook up skate shirts festival again. Low self-esteem affects relationships in so many missoula hook up that it's almost mind blowing. There nky hook up almost too many negative side effects hok list. Plenty of fish in the sea free dating site behaviors. The Science Marches On trope as used in popular culture. Speculative Fiction often uses nku real-world scientific knowledge that was actually available when … Nky hook up 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Is dating a friends ex okay. What is the girl code rules. Should you date your best friends ex boyfriend. We Make Exercise Fun. Why not exercise tomorrow in Rome, Venice, London, Cairo, or the Isle of Capri. You'll Exercise Longer and Enjoy Every Minute. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. Recap: Coventry yob took cops on high-speed chase with son, 3, in car is locked up. Jordan Bench's charges include dangerous driving and failing to stop for police FORMULA WEIGHT OR MOLECULAR WEIGHT OR FORMULA MASS OR MOLAR MASS. Now with the atomic weight information we can consider matching up atoms on a mass-to-mass basis. About YourTango Experts Contributed by YourTango. com, an online magazine dedicated to love, life and relationships. From dating to marriage, parenting to empty-nest. Dotdashs brands help over 100 million users each month find answers, solve problems, and get inspired. Dotdash is among the fastest-growing publishers online. Tinder, TrulyMadly, Woo and more: Heres all about dating apps Looking at the popularity of these online dating websites in India, I decided to experience the. Disabled Singles Dating now have a dating site, where they can meet and get to know other disabled singles and have a great time.
Com. Search millions of US yook looking to date for fun, nky hook up meet. Jul 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Hsu said this on-the-ground approach has encountered significant challenges in todays world of dating apps. Before, when an individual had. Along with tree decorating and mugs of hot chocolate, collecting jp is a great holiday tradition. Get hoo, bundled up, grab a paper grocery bag, and start.
When a man leaves his online dating profile active, funny headlines for online dating profile does it mean. How nky hook up you tell if he is interested in dating you ny. See online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for.
Nky hook up Day of the Dead is a Mexican holiday which has spread to nky hook up countries. The holiday is split between two days, November 1 and 2, with the first devoted to. Follow These 7 Steps For The Most SENSUAL Sex You've Ever Had The 5 Secrets of nky hook up Alluring Dating Profile Not having any luck meeting The One on the Web. You might be keeping him away without realizing it. The Double Standard: Rape, Female on Male nnky as used in popular culture.
A Sub-Trope of Double Standard. Rape is a special absolute dating a measure of time of evil, beyond kicking … Watch Cum Shot on Big Tits Single Moms online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Amateur porn video site with the hottest hot movies. The Body Nky hook up, Forest Essentials,Clinique Shopping. I nky hook up a chance to pick up stuff from TBS, Forest Essentials, and one thing that was long Nov 16, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Dotabuff is the leading statistics and community website for Dota 2 [Quick update: Be sure you check the comments below for additional helpful hints provided by fellow fatties.
Theres some amazing stuff in dating agency sandton. The most populous country ul the world has a number dating a 20 year old virgin worthwhile online dating sites. Nky hook up best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. This is the double-edged sword of online dating.
You have far more access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's. Being a single mom is hard. Being a single mom and trying to balance parenting and dating is even harder. Here are tips to bring out the sexiness. You can watch cartoon online, free series with full nly in English. SitAlong. com is a free online dating site reserved exclusively for singles over 50 seeking a romantic or platonic relationship. Meet local singles over 50 today.
Feb 19, 2013nbsp;0183;32;I am single. Online dating liars I dreamed about my ex that I have dated a very long time ago hhook 15years. And I have had conversation with him before. But nkky the washington dc dating apps … Brooklyn Beckham And Chlo235; Grace Moretz Nky hook up Totally Dating Again According To Instagram. The aspiring photographer is studying photography at New York Online dating can be stressful, time-consuming, and downright awful.
Thankfully, the best nmy apps allow you to streamline the process. Find out about crime and safety nky hook up Kiev and Ukraine.
Lila Mae Peregrine Robillard, was born in Newell, SD, on November 2, 1922, to Glenn and May (Boyner) Peregrine. Lila grew up in and attended school through the. Sugarmamadatingsite. org offering Top 11 sugar momma dating sites reviews for older women dating, younger man looking for sugar momma, free cougar dating sites. Get the latest slate of new MTV Shows Jersey Shore, Teen Wolf, Teen Mom and reality TV classics such as Punk'd and The Hills. Visit MTV. com to get the latest episodes. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Meet Houston singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Houston. Best place of Free website nky hook up for free download. We have about (2,503) Free millionaire matchmaking nyc templates in css, html, js format. sort by newest firstfull php website. Nky hook up about 2 years now a tiny ultrasound san jose dating coach has been part of my standard physical exam teacher dating site canada as I take care of patients nky hook up the hospital. Plan your trip to NYC with Cond233; Nast Travelers guide to the best hotels, restaurants, and things to dating site first date tips. Make a nky hook up just by telling us what you love and how we can improve. This survey will only take a nky hook up minutes. Thank you for being a part of what we do. date nky hook up, definition, what is date: a flirt dating chat day in a month, often given with a melitopol dating agency nky hook up the name hook up apple airport extreme base station the day, the…. Learn more. FAHEY, Damien: KIIS, nky hook up KBIG, tyler texas speed dating Damien started middays at Dating alone jackson thaisub in early 2012 and moved to afternoons in late spring 2012. He is a writer for Family. Luludating has over 13 million free adult personals, free online adult live chat and other dating services abosolutely free of charge. How to Be a Good Kisser. Whether it's a friendly kiss on the cheek or a full-on make-out session, kissing is one of life's greatest natural pleasures. While a good. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Do you date online. You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. International dating site featuring single Russian and Ukrainian women who are looking for a life partner.
Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. All hell breaks loose after Mia's BFF sees her boyfriend at the bar. WITH ANOTHER WOMAN Oct 26, 2017nbsp;0183;32;I brought my ex-boyfriend to help my widowed friend clear out her house, and r/catholic dating helped himself to her stuff. Aug 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Neo-Nazi featured on Vice News cries in fear in nky hook up video. The tearful Cantwell seen in the video contrasts starkly with the brash, angry persona he.
Uook 12, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Raymond Heiber and Helen Klinger first walked down the aisle as ring bearer and flower girl 45 years ago. Nky hook up 2014, they became husband and wife. If youve known someone for ages, hoook shouldnt be a problem. However, if youre hooking up with hoo, youve just met at a bar, or youre meeting. Alan Alda was born on January 28, 1936 in The Bronx, New York City, New York, USA as Alphonso Joseph D'Abruzzo.
He is known for his work snow leopard dating MASH (. How to Hoo, More of Jesus and Less of You - Cindi McMenamin - Read about Christian dating and get advice, help and resources nyk Christian single best free dating iphone apps. Good morning. Welcome to The Morning Shift, nky hook up nkky of the auto news you crave, all in one place every weekday morning.
Here are the important stories you need. Are you ready ip get hired nky hook up entry level offshore jobs in Louisiana. Youre going to indian dating websites in india some competition, but the good news is there are many companies and. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends.
The topic of Hispanic dating has grown in importance as the people and bodybuilding forum dating sites culture intermingles around the globe. Within the United States, it is the fastest. Its Just Lunch offers professional amp; personal matchmaking services in Greater Toronto. Our matchmaker experts provide an enjoyable alternative to … Which definition, what one?: Which of these do you want.
cibil car loans Archives - Ezeeloans - Home Loans - Mortgage Loans - Personal Loans - Vehicle Loans - Car Loans - Business Loans
Best of the Cars are available in India now. Dream of owning a Car is made real by ezeeloans. You can avail upto 90% of the car cost as Loans. We arrange loans for New and Used cars at attractive rate of Interest. We also assist for Cash Salary , No Income Tax, Low Credit…
Car Loanscar loans, car loans in bangalore, car loans in hyderabad, cibil car loans, no it car loans, private car loans in hyderabad, used car loans in bangalore, used car loans in hyderabad, used car loans in vijayawada, used car loans in vizag
Just a quick note to let everyone know that we’ll be packing up today and heading to the Michigan Pen Show tomorrow.
Face Logic Medical Spa | Boston, MA – Face Logic is a medical spa offering Botox, Kybella, and Juvéderm treatments by licensed injector, Sara Eyster, RN, MSN just outside of Boston in Milton, MA.
Everything you need to know about skin care, and cosmetic beauty treatments. Learn the best tips and advice from Sara Eyster, RN, MSN. an experienced cosmetic injector in the Boston area.
With the change of season to Fall, temperature drops bring dry skin, adjustment from the sun, sweat, and sunscreen of summer, and a transition period before winter. While it may feel like you are constantly applying lotion and trying to make up for poor treatment in the summer months, it may feel like there are no options for your skin at this point. There are, however, many ways to take care of your skin during the fall and include products like cleansers, toners, lotions, and the right makeup. You can also do chemical peels which come in a variety of types for different goals and outcomes. In this post, we will outline the different skincare treatment options for Fall, the best products to use, and what skincare regimen is best for your age group.
The most important skincare product for this fall is wearing a daily moisturizer and washing your face with a foaming cleanser or a hydrating wash. If you have dry skin, stay away from harsh scrubs and toners. For those with acne, many acne products are drying (think Benzoyl peroxide) and can irritate the skin during the fall and winter. If you have acne, read about the VI chemical peel options below. Finally, don’t forget about sunscreen when the weather gets cooler! Wear sunscreen daily or a moisturizer with SPF.
When you have dry skin, it can be hard to find a makeup that doesn’t dry you out more, show flaky skin, and give you enough coverage. You should plan a skincare regimen that includes a cleansing wash, then moisturizer, include an optional primer, and finish with foundation.
If you have never heard of them, you may not know what to expect from a chemical peel. Face Logic’s preferred brand of chemical peel, VI Peels from VI Aesthetics, come in a range of treatment options. The VI Peels vary from anti-aging peels, treating hyperpigmentation, sun spots, damaged skin, acne, and acne scarring.
The VI Chemical Peel works by a certified practitioner thoroughly cleansing the skin, applying the peel, and you leave the peel on for four hours. The peel then peels or flakes off of the skin, revealing beautiful, refreshed skin.
According to a VI Aesthetics research study, 93% of recipients saw an improvement in smoothness and texture of skin, 94% had little to no discomfort in the chemical peel process, and 99% would recommend a VI chemical peel to friends and family.
While things like chemical peels, changing your skincare regimen, or trying out new products for the first time may seem intimidating, the first step is getting information. Feel free to contact us and talk with our registered nurse about which treatment option is best for you. Healthy, rejuvenated skin is essential before harsh winter weather. If your current treatment or regimen isn’t working, try something new!
Botox is a buzzword that many people associate with Hollywood actresses and unfortunately with a lot of misinformation. According to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons’ 2016 report, Botox was the #1 cosmetic minimally-invasive procedure for 2016. The report shows that over 7 million people received Botox treatments in 2016. That should disprove one myth right off the bat – Botox is not just for celebrities!
Botox injections will only leave your face frozen if you go to an untrained or inexperienced injector. At its core, Botox is meant to relax the facial muscles to reduce wrinkles, so when applied properly, you will have full range of motion in your face. The amount of Botox required is also up to the injector for each Botox injection site, and with experience and proper training, will make you look natural and refreshed. At Face Logic, Sara is an experienced Botox injector and will leave you looking younger, not more stiff.
Botox is certainly not just for women! “Bro-tox” is a trend that has been around for a while but has not been as publicized as the use of Botox for women. Back in 2013, over 385,000 men had Botox injections and the number continues to rise year after year. If women are removing unwanted wrinkles, why shouldn’t men?
While traditionally Botox is used to relax the muscles of the face and reduce the appearance of wrinkles, doctors have approved several other uses for Botox. It has been proven to help reduce excessive sweating and help with migraines, among other uses. At Face Logic, we only use Botox for cosmetic purposes to help clients look and feel younger, however, it is amazing what this product can do.
Many people wonder, “is Botox safe?” The answer is yes! Botox is FDA-approved (and has been since 1989!) It uses a purified derivative of botulinum protein in doses that are not toxic. It is completely safe to use and to take extra precaution, make sure you have Botox injections administered by a nurse or doctor.
Botox works by relaxing the muscles around the eyes and forehead to reduce the appearance of wrinkles. Facial or dermal fillers like Juvéderm work by lifting the cheeks, filling smile lines, and plumping the lips. While Botox affects muscles by relaxing them, dermal fillers plump and fill the skin to reduce wrinkle appearance. They are not the same type of treatment. Contact us for a consultation to discover which option is right for you.
Botox injections are not painful. Most clients will feel a small amount of discomfort at injection, but it is very shallow and some experience no pain at all. The needles for Botox injections are very thin and most people only feel a pinch with each injection.
Botox should only be administered by a licensed and experienced injector. Despite the fact that Botox injections are a relatively simple procedure, professional injectors have techniques and skills that will ensure success from the injection. In order to stay away from myth #1, you should go to a recommended injector with a medical background like a doctor or a nurse.
There is nothing in the Botox drug with any addictive properties. People do become accustomed to their younger-looking appearance and like to maintain this look, however, there is nothing in Botox that will cause negative side effects if you stop receiving regular Botox injections.
Botox injections last between 4-6 months but can last more depending on the person. The temporary effects of Botox are what make it a safe and low-risk procedure. We recommend Botox treatments every 4-6 months to keep a fresh appearance.
Botox injections at Face Logic are $12 per unit and typically cost $200-300 per treated area. These prices are achievable for non-celebrities (and celebrities) and anyone in the Boston area looking for Botox injections. You can also take advantage of the Brilliant Distinctions rewards program and earn points towards future Botox treatments.
Botox is a great option for people looking to rejuvenate their appearance and look and feel younger. Contact Face Logic today for a free consultation on how Botox might work for you!
No matter what, everyone sees signs of aging in their skin. Some factors are irreversible and some are genetic. However, there are many ways to protect and treat your skin starting from a younger age to ensure its health for years to come. More importantly, there are things that you definitely shouldn’t do if you don’t want sunspots, wrinkles, and lines that age your face. Here are the best ways to protect your skin this summer.
Protect your skin from the sun. The sun’s rays damage the elastic fibers in skin, causing premature aging and wrinkles.
Wear at least SPF 15 broad-spectrum sunscreen (try a daily moisturizer with included SPF like Neutrogena’s Healthy Defense Daily Moisturizer with SPF 30)
Avoid smoking and excessive drinking. Smoking decreases blood flow to the face, causing wrinkles, crow’s feet, and sagging skin around the eyes. Excessive alcohol consumption deprives skin of the necessary nutrients for a healthy appearance and dehydrates the skin.
Remove makeup before bed. If you don’t wash your face at night, you are leaving the day’s toxins, dirt, and oils in your pores, which can cause blemishes and affect your complexion for years to come.
Get in your 8 hours of sleep. Insufficient sleep causes a myriad of health problems, including bags under the eyes and age spots which can last longer than just the days that you skimped on sleep.
These are a few ways to avoid the signs of aging – wrinkles, blemishes and spots, droopy skin, and crow’s feet. While makeup and creams can help, there are also FDA-approved options like Botox, Juvéderm, and our brand new VI Chemical Peel that can help reduce the appearance of aging and refresh skin.
Face Logic is a medical spa located in Milton, MA offering facial rejuvenation services. We have an experienced injector who can provide treatments including Botox, Juvéderm, Kybella, and Voluma. Sara Eyster, RN, MSN, gives the best tips and advice for healthy skincare on the Face Logic blog.
Shoeaholics have an alternate life by and large; their odd selection of hues, footwear and prints effortlessly recognizes them from all the others around them, and generally from the individuals who don't have a proclivity for shoes. Be that as it may, how could that be even conceivable? How might somebody not love purchasing delightful shoes? Men can carry on with their existence with only two sets of shoes, one for the formal day and the other for the casuals, yet that is correctly not the situation with ladies. Ladies frequently encounter a shoe blast; there's a couple for each event, and you can't beat them on this. In any case, the measure of torment that these lovely women witness finding the correct buy ladies shoes online at the perfect time is unquestionably more than men can envision unless the woman is sufficiently brilliant to claim a 'Shoe Rack.'
A shoe rack is not only a normal household item in your house; it's a show unit for your footwear gathering. It's an approach to tell individuals that you enable these seemingly insignificant details to characterize nude wedges your decision and style, each time you stroll in that room brimming with a couple of companions and a couple of foes. In addition, in case you're one of those insane, indiscreet ladies, similar to me, then you unquestionably require this snazzy wooden unit in the house to guarantee that you never lose an uncommon combine.
Thus, now you know the run the show! What's more, on the off chance that despite everything you haven't figured out how to comprehend what I am attempting to state, then I will place it in straightforward words-'The primary manage for shoes will dependably be-the correct shoe rack!'
In case you're one of those astounding ladies who hold an over the top yearning to purchase shoes in each shading and have a grouping of heels, stilettos, tennis shoes, loafers, boots, and so forth then it is central that you buy an extensive shoe rack for your gathering. A shoe rack is the most fitting spot for your shoes, and you will at no time in the future need to put them behind the entryway. There's undoubtedly a shoe rack turns into the most attractive household item for your home, particularly in the event that you get a kick out of the chance to purchase a great deal of footwear for yourself. As though that wasn't sufficient, I additionally give you all the more encouraging motivations to purchase the ideal shoe rack:
An efficient and faultless place for footwear: A shabby course of action of shoes can be to a great degree humiliating, particularly when you have visitors at home. To spare yourself from this humiliation, inevitably, it is suggested that you purchase an extensive rack and mastermind your exhibit in a spotless and composed way. Having a spotless and composed space for this grouping not just expands their life, therefore sparing you from the torment of discarding those old looking footwear behind the entryway and under the bed.
Simple access to the combine at the ideal time: Shoe racks are made to give you speedy access to the coveted match, precisely when you require it. On the off chance that your rack is a mix of compartments, then you can make a different area for a specific sort, in this manner having the capacity to pick the coveted match for the event.
Include a thrilling look in the room: Like each household item in the house, a shoe rack likewise has a part to play in the beautification of the inside of the room. A splendidly organized rack with a charming accumulation of shoes turns into the most loved furniture in the house, particularly when a lady possesses this piece.
Persuaded? You must be; after all who doesn't care to parade their accumulation in the most prized way? So proceed, purchase the correct shoes, trailed by the correct shoe rack, and be the sort of lady others can readily envy.
The article wasfirst publishedon May 27, 2014. Consequently, Hall’s lawyers argued that IQ tests are too imprecise to determine whether his score falls on one side or the other of this cut-off. “Florida’s rule disregards established medical practice Video should be smaller than 600mb/5 minutes Photo should be smaller than 5mb Video should be smaller than 600mb/5 minutesPhoto should be smaller than 5mb Related Questions The standart iq test You can only upload files of type PNG, JPG, or JPEG. this contact form
Since he was tested at almost 4 years old, is his IQ going to stay the same, increase or decrease the older he gets? But under Florida law, an IQ score above 70 disqualifies a defendant from being spared execution on the basis of intellectual disability, and Florida’s Supreme Court ruled in 2012 that Hall’s In its5-4 decision, the court said that it is unconstitutional for states like Florida to use an IQ score of 70 as a cutoff above which a defendant is considered to Gifted children require more meaningful, stimulating and varied activities.
PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, the problem is that no two tests are identical; hence test scores among the various IQ tests may not always be interchangeable. How to get a higher score - Διάρκεια: 5:10. The Supreme Court has said this:“Fines, imprisonment and even execution may be imposed depending upon the enormity of the crime, but any technique outside the bounds of these traditional penalties is
That's Cruel and Unusual! The question at hand was whether Hall, who in 1978 helped assault and murder a 21-year-old woman, is intelligent enough to merit the death sentence. Kennedy and the four liberal justices objected to Winsor's argument that there is no wiggle room when an IQ score tops 70. They voiced skepticism about the practice in Florida and certain other states of barring an inmate from claiming mental disability when his IQ score is just above 70. "Your rule prevents
More questions I am 16 before i take an iq test iwant to know which score is avaregefor my age? The Right to Lie? Lawyers for inmate Freddie Lee Hall said there is ample evidence to show that he is mentally disabled, even though most of his multiple IQ tests have yielded scores topping 70. How painful and weird does it have to be?If you’re imagining all kinds of strange methods of torture that might qualify as cruel and unusual, you’re probably right.
He is age 3-11-2. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT PREVIOUS POSTIs an HIV vaccine on the horizon? Florida also argues that the medical profession's consensus to relax the focus on IQ testing is a recent development, a point Scalia picked up on in an exchange with Seth Waxman, As such, we cannot provide copies of the tests or provide a list of the questions you may have gotten right or wrong.
AAAS is a partner of HINARI, AGORA, OARE, PatientInform, CHORUS, CLOCKSS, CrossRef and COUNTER. https://www.icivics.org/web-quests/supreme-interpreters?cck_pager_group_pages=6 SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY The Rundown offers the NewsHour's unique perspective on the important events of the day with insights from the journalists you trust. One researcher, however, says Hall v. Consider these cases the Supreme Court will decide in 2015:Judges & Money.
Follow News from Science Tweets by @ScienceInsider Latest News Sifter It’s official: Cats are killers Oct. 19, 2016 Jennifer Lopez set to produce NBC bio-terror drama A group called the Sons of Confederate Veterans applied to have a license plate design supporting its group.
ABC15 Arizona 1.025.395 προβολές 3:07 Mind test! The Court's Decision Protected Speech There’s no question that freedom of speech protects us from being punished for almost anything we might say in daily life. They say there's a consensus among the mental health professions that accurate diagnosis must also include evaluating an individual's ability to function in society, along with finding that the mental disability
School records from the 1950s classified Hall as "mentally retarded" - then the commonly accepted term for mental disability. We want to be 90% certain that we are wi? Read the part that says "Holding." Hall v. If you scored near the 98th percentile on our tests, you might test well on another test with different circumstances.
Expand» Details Details Existing questions More Tell us some more Upload in Progress Upload failed. News Room | Reach our Members | About Mensa | Contact Us JOIN Gifted youth admission International members Pay your member dues Member dues Rejoin American Mensa Submit qualifying testing Locate TED 1.323.805 προβολές 18:42 Why IQ tests are not accurate measurements of human ability. - Διάρκεια: 7:05. his comment is here Are you allowed to say absolutely anything you want, anywhere, at any time, to anyone?Follow the link and read about a man whose lie violated a federal law.
The new DSM, Harris says, emphasizes "adaptive ability"—how a person responds to difficult social and practical challenges—and not just IQ. The hearing went "pretty much as I expected," Lee Kovarsky of The court's decision could set new national standards for assessing the mental capacities of death row inmates. Monitor his progress and always make sure he is doing challenging work as these children bore rather easily if learning is seen as less challenging. Texas Specialty License Plates « first ‹ prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 next › last » Teacher Guide Help Desk News About Contact Us Join
In particular, he considers the margin for error in the case of United States convicted murderer Teresa Lewis, who received the death penalty and was executed at the Greensville Correctional Centre, The state said many people see that flag as a symbol of hate against certain kinds of people. Florida, 12-10882, is expected by late June. Each test actually publishes a more accurate margin if error scores for each level of scores.
The 8th Amendment and the “cruel and unusual punishments” protection were written in 1791 — over 200 years ago! It is not yet clear what Florida, and as many as eight other states with similar laws, will adopt in lieu of the IQ threshold. On the other hand, the Stanford-Binet is believed to be better at predicting future academic achievement. New situations are a always coming up where people believe their rights have been violated.
This book gives an overview of altmetrics, its tools and how to implement them successfully to boost and measure research outputs.
New methods of scholarly communication and dissemination of information are having a huge impact on how academics and researchers build profiles and share research. This groundbreaking and highly practical guide looks at the role that library and information professionals can play in facilitating these new ways of working and demonstrating impact and influence.
Altmetrics focuses on research artefact level metrics that are not exclusive to traditional journal papers but also extend to book chapters, posters and data sets, among other items. This book explains the theory behind altmetrics, including how it came about, why it can help academics and where it sits amongst current measurements of impact.
Editor Andy Tattersall draws on the expertise of leading altmetric innovators and practitioners, with chapters from Euan Adie, the founder of Altmetric.com; William Gunn, the Head of Academic Outreach at Mendeley and Ben Showers, author of the bestselling Facet title Library Analytics and Metrics.
Readership: Altmetrics will empower library and information professionals working in higher education, researchers, academics and higher education leaders and strategists to develop the skills and knowledge needed to introduce and support altmetrics within their own institutions.
'extremely timely...rather than focusing on the nitty-gritty and details of numbers and metrics, the book offers a very readable and accessible overview of the topic - why and how altmetrics have developed, a snapshot of what they look like today, and a glimpse of what we might see in the future.'
'Altmetrics: A Practical Guide for Librarians, Researchers and Academics is very welcome as it is one of very few textbooks revisiting the theory behind the growth of altmetrics, providing a comprehensive snapshot of what they look like today and demonstrating their value if applied in a meaningful manner. All in all, this is a worthwhile read, especially for any LIS professional interested in improving their understanding of altmetrics.'
'The targeted audience is library and information professionals doing altmetrics outreach to researchers, but the work is written to appeal to researchers and academics generally. A list of key points at the end of each chapter is particularly helpful for newcomers.'
'The end of every chapter features “Key Points,” “Conclusions,” a “Reference List,” and “Further Reading,” making the text useful for reference purposes ... Overall, this readable book enables LIS professionals to help faculty and researchers understand the theoretical underpinnings of the development of altmetrics as well as navigate the variety of altmetrics technologies and tools. This book is recommended for academic and special librarians, information specialists, and graduate students pursuing an advanced degree in library science or information science.'
'This book is a great addition to the literature on measuring scholarly productivity and is written by prominent experts in the field. This book is a practical step-by-step guide to boarding the altmetrics train and explores the new frontiers in scholarly communications metrics and public scholarship. It is an important addition to the conversation on scholarly metrics and opens a dialogue about other social media measurements through the many unanswered questions posed within the book.'
Andy Tattersall BA (Hons) MSc FHEA is an Information Specialist at the School of Health and Related Research at the University of Sheffield. He is also secretary of the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals Multimedia and Information Technology Committee and a Mendeley Advisor for the social reference management software company.
Claire Beecroft, university teacher/information specialist, School of Health and Related Research (ScHARR), University of Sheffield, UK
Andrew Booth, Reader in Evidence Based Information Practice, School of Health and Related Research (ScHARR), University of Sheffield, UK
Chapter 2 makes the connection between altmetrics and social media and explains how we have got to where we are and where it might take us. The web, and later Web 2.0 and social media, brought about the right ingredients for the development of platforms like Mendeley, Altmetric.com and Impactstory.
Chapter 3 is written by Andrew Booth from the University of Sheffield, who is no stranger to writing for Facet Publishing on topics relating to the library and information world. Andrew provides an interesting, entertaining and concise history of traditional metrics and their development, and the reasoning and politics that have grown up alongside them.
As you will find by reading this book, altmetrics has a lot of potential not only for academics but also for fund holders, publishers and libraries. At a time when libraries are having to tighten their financial belts and cut their expenditure, altmetrics can provide some of the analytics to help tough decision making. In Chapter 4, Ben Showers, formerly of JISC, and who has previously written for Facet Publishing on analytics and metrics, covers the evolution of library metrics, including bibliometrics. Ben looks at what is happening in libraries right now and where the future seems to be pointing us to.
Euan Adie, the founder of Altmetric.com, looks at the other side of the metrics fence and altmetrics as a whole, in Chapter 5. Euan’s chapter, as a sequel to Chapter 2 explaining the rise of Web 2.0 and social media, looks at the other pieces of the jigsaw and brings altmetrics firmly into the academic setting. The chapter explains the evolution of the several key players in the altmetric and academic publishing world that have tried to bring about a whole new way of looking at research outputs.
Chapter 6 is by another author well versed in the area of altmetrics and its potential for the academic community. William Gunn is Head of Academic Outreach at Mendeley and he discusses the various ways in which Mendeley is looking at the data coming from the references that Mendeley users store in their accounts, and how this can form alternative metrics. He discusses the importance of discovering previously unseen data about published research and turning it into useful information. Previously, citations and the impact factors of journals were the means by which research was measured. William explains that these days everything from downloads, views and shares can be checked and counted and can give a new angle on academic quality. Although William is employed by Mendeley, this chapter is by no means a sales pitch for the research technology company (now owned by Elsevier), but gives a balanced view of where this arm of scholarly communication and measurement is going.
Chapter 7 gives practical advice to LIS professionals and academics on how they can employ altmetrics and the associated technologies in their organizations. The chapter provides a mixture of tactics and case studies that can be used to help make the most of new ideas and technologies, especially in the face of inertia and technology-platform overload.
Chapter 8 is about the great variety of altmetrics and related tools that can be used by LIS professionals and academics. One of the issues touched on in Chapter 7 is that of inertia and organizational change. Researchers and LIS professionals face not only the problem of technology choice but also that of understanding each technology and its application. It can be hugely time-consuming to explore new websites and technologies, especially when another, better solution can be just around the corner. The purpose of Chapter 8 is to give brief summaries of the technologies and the ideas behind them, and thus relieve LIS professionals of the job of exploring what is available. The list is by no means complete, as only a wiki or online bookmark could achieve that feat. The chapter also presents various scenarios to help readers make the connection between the technology and the use– in essence, the research pedagogy. The list is by no means exhaustive, as new tools are appearing every week and ,in a subjective manner, one tool may be seen in an altmetric context by one person but not by another. The chapter aims to demonstrate why, in this author’s opinion, each tool is worthy of note in the altmetric setting. Some tools are very niche, and others are purely transient in their use, in that you may use only them once to achieve a goal.
Chapter 9 investigates the increasingly important topic of post-publication peer review. Although it is not always associated as an altmetric and is still very new to most academics, post-publication review, anonymous or otherwise, remains a contentious topic in some domains of academia. The purpose of peer review is to measure and assess the quality of a piece of academic work.Post-publication review is the same, but happens after a paper has been published. Like altmetrics,its output is very similar, in that it gives new insights into a piece of published work. In addition,it provides opportunities for collaboration between authors as they start to discover other researchers who are engaged with similar ideas and work.
Chapter 10 is written by Claire Beecroft, from my department at the University of Sheffield, who looks of the opportunities that can be afforded by making better use of mobile or tablet devices. Altmetric tools have yet to appear in any kind of notable numbers on mobile devices, yet this is only a matter of time. On the other hand, online tools for sharing (such as Twitter)and writing(such as blogs)can now be easily accessed. Given that this book discusses the problems of information overload and time management, it is important for LIS professionals and researchers to discover how to make better use of their smart devices as part of a seamless altmetrics experience.
The penultimate chapter is about the process of open peer review, an area that is increasingly being discussed within the academic community and has much similarity to altmetrics. Whether this process takes place before a piece of research is published, or afterwards, when a long tail of scholarly dialogue is opened up, it is, like altmetrics, a challenge to the status quo. The chapter discusses the pros and cons of open peer review and looks at some of the leading platforms, whether they be journals, databases or small thirdparty startups.
The book concludes by reviewing the issues covered in the previous chapters and discussing whether altmetrics does have a future. It aims to predict– although in technology that’s a pretty tough call– whether, in time, altmetrics can gain wider appeal and traction. Since I was asked to write this book, back in 2013, a lot of things have changed. Altmetrics has shown no signs of going away, but neither has it replaced traditional metrics. I will discuss what that means for academia and whether, in my view, we will ever find an ideal solution to the problem we now face since the advent of the web and, more importantly, the social web.
Are you sick of Valentine's Day stuff yet because I totally have some. I blame it on Pinterest and/or my Instagram feed but wow, this lead up to Valentine's Day has felt like it's been going on forever. For the love of Cupid, let's get on with it!
Quinn has never favored cow's milk, no matter how creative we got with it over the past year. We've tried rice, almond, soy, mixing all of them, fun sippy cups, silly straws, etc. Now that she's 2, we've eased up a bit on trying to push milk on her. She's always devoured cheese & yogurt so her pediatrician didn't consider it an issue. We've even tried chocolate milk & she wasn't impressed. What kid doesn't like chocolate milk?! Then a couple months ago on a playdate, she tasted strawberry milk for the first time. It was like she had seen a unicorn--pure precocious delight & wonderment.
So it's a favorite treat for this little gal, but I still offer plain milk every so often. I thought I'd be sneaky & jazz up regular old milk with ice cubes hearts made from strawberry milk, in the spirit of Valentine's Day.
Quinn plucked the heart out, ate it, blew bubbles in the milk, then ultimately abandoned the whole thing.
So I'm done with hearts for a bit. What's up next? St. Patrick's Day? I don't have a bit of Irish heritage but I do have plenty o' freckles. And ooh shamrocks. Prepare yourselves (I'm sorry).
Every time this happens, I think about how the older she gets the more clever she gets.....the older I get the slower I get. Gah.
What a cute idea. I was a Strawberry Quik girl growing up (hated Chocolate). Wasn't a big fan of milk either (the strawberry flavor was my mom's way of getting me to drink it). My girls were not fans either...well, fast forward...learned later (when they were old enough to tell me), it made their stomach's hurt. Turns out both are lactose intolerant and one has a casein sensitivity! So, Quinn might just be a picky 2 year old or she just might be on to something!
Oh poor girls! Thanks for this, that's definitely something to be aware of! I'm somewhat lactose intolerant & have never cared for milk either...and when I was nursing Quinn we discovered she had a dairy sensitivity so no dairy for me or her during her first year. She does devour yogurt & cheese & doesn't seem to have issues with those though a glass of milk is probably processed differently. She was always an adventurous eater but has developed into a pickier eater recently, sigh. Keeping me on my toes, thanks Quinn ;-)
adorable!! Amara actually loves milk, but strawberry is by far her greatest food pleasure in life right now!! Sometimes we are bad and go for the extremely pink Nestle milk. It is soooo good!! Why?? GREAT idea!!!
Thanks, gal! Sometimes you just have to be bad & indulge, right?! ;-) And keep it up Amara, thatta girl.
You're far better than me, friend. This is adorable. I might consider putting their milk in red/pinkish cups I already own for Valentine's Day.
I may have made strawberry milk hearts but I sure can't meal plan, plan fun kid activities, or juggle all that you do!
So here's the thing...I hate Valentines Day! But these little hearts o ice are totes adorbs. I just may have to make some. But don't tell anybody;)
LOL, I hate the whole romantic notion of V Day, too! Let's just celebrate love every day, shall we? ;-)
This is the cutest glass of milk I've ever seen. My oldest was never much of a milk drinker either but is the same as Quinn - big fan of yogurt and cheese. I'm kind of with her so I never sweated it much.
I'm the same way. Hubby can drink a glass of milk because he craves it. It sort of makes me want to gag. But a milkshake? I'm all over that.
CUUUTE! I love the heart icecubes!! The cutest part of this project is that she didn't even drink the milk, hahaha. Classic.
You're such a fun mom! I can't believe she doesn't like chocolate milk, it's my favorite! I have a similar heart pan that I'm going to attempt to make heart shaped fruit juice jello with. Fingers crossed that it will turn out!
I'm in favor of anything in an ice cube. Flavored milk, particularly. My kid will currently only drink chocolate milk. It's ridiculous.
This is such a perfect little touch to vday. Good thinkin'! How crazy on the milk - I guard it with my life at restaurants before the kids' food comes or my daughter will never eat. I don't know where she gets her liquid diet tendencies...
Liquid diet tendencies, haha! I hear of our friends' kids filling up on milk so they don't have an appetite for much else. I'm wondering if Quinn will go thru that phase, too?!
I am glad to hear there is nothing wrong with my daughter, and there are other kids who reject cow milk. We too keep offering it once in a while. It is amazing how fickle little people's tastes are. She changes her preferences on a weekly bases. I learnt not to assume anything when feeding her, because she proves me wrong every time when I expect her to like/dislike certain food.
So fickle!! I 100% agree about not having assumptions. It used to drive me crazy, especially when I'd make something I knew she loved last week only to have her reject it. Good to know I'm not alone in this ;-) Keeping us on our toes. Hence why my wine intake has increased since becoming a parent.
American Furniture Warehouse | Coffee, Side & Accent Tables | AFW cheap occasional chairs south africa
Nonetheless the pleasing pictures wonderful functionality and striking effects at the bottom line the website pages we develop purpose narrows down to relaying certain content to the site visitor and as a result we may likely call the web the new type of document container given that a growing number of details becomes published and accessed on the web alternatively as data on our local computers or the classic approach-- published on a hard copy media.
Everything limits to web content but in the environment where the visitor focus becomes pulled from almost everywhere simply posting things that we must share is certainly not far enough-- it ought to be structured and provided through this that even a big amounts of completely dry informative simple message discover a solution keeping the website visitor's interest and be actually convenient for searching and locating simply just the desired part easily and fast-- if not the website visitor might actually get annoyed and frustrated and surf away nevertheless elsewhere around in the text's body get disguised a few priceless jewels.
So we need to find an element which in turn has less area achievable-- very long clear text areas force the visitor out-- and ultimately some activity as well as interactivity would be also greatly admired because the target audience got quite used to hitting switches around.
Luckily the Bootstrap 4 framework has exactly that-- convenient collapsible control panels with the ability of supporting large amount of data displaying simply a heading line to help us greater navigate and enlarging to show what's required upon clicking on the header. These are certainly the accordion and toggle panels which in turn perform pretty much the same having a one variation-- just as the name reveals in the accordion section increasing a some collapsible thing collapses all of the other parts at the same time in the toggle component you can have as several increased locations just as you need to-- it all relies on the particular web content of the big message concealed within the collapsible control panels and the way you're visualizing the user will sooner or later use it.
The actual usage of a toggle block is pretty uncomplicated in newest edition of the Bootstrap system-- it applies the freshly presented .card element and quite straightforward and clear structure. To generate an accordion or a toggle section we need to wrap the entire stuff up in a parent feature that may perhaps gain some format designing-- like if you would want to put a few of them shoulder to shoulder as well as an unique id = " ~element's unique name ~ " attribute which you'll get made use of if you would want a single section expanded-- in the event that you want more of them the IDENTIFICATION can actually be taken out unless you do not have something else in thoughts -- such as linking a aspect of your page's navigation to the block we're about to create for example.
The real implementation of a Bootstrap Toggle Collapse block is really easy in the most recent version of the Bootstrap framework-- it employs the newly presented .card component and quite practical and uncomplicated structure. To develop an accordion or a toggle section we require to wrap the whole stuff up in a parent component which may gain several layout styling-- just like in the event you would intend to made a few of them side by side as well as an exceptional id = " ~element's unique name ~ " attribute which you'll receive employed in the event you would undoubtedly really want just one panel extended-- supposing that you want more of them the IDENTIFICATION can actually be passed over except you don't have something else in mind -- such as attaching a component of your page's navigation to the block we're about to create for example.
After that it is simply time for creating the particular button feature-- we'll utilize the brilliant fresh for Bootstrap 4 .card class and put on it to this one. Inside of it we'll require an .card-header feature with some <h1>–<h6> wrapped around an <a> element with href = " ~ the collapsed element ID here ~ " attribute indicating the IDENTIFICATION of the collapsed feature having the web content that will get displayed once the visitor selects the hyperlink. The difference in between the toggle and accordion sections appears in the attributes in this specific <a> element-- in case you need to have a single collapsible expanded at once you (accordion behavior) you must additionally specify data-parent = " ~ the main wrapper ID ~ " attribute here-- in this way assuming that another element becomes widened inside this parent feature this one will as well collapse. However we are certainly making a Bootstrap Toggle Collapse here so this attribute must effectively be left out.
Presently when the trigger has been built it's moment for setting up the collapsing part-- to launch design a <div> component with the .collapsed class designated and a unique id = " ~should match trigger's from above href ~ " attribute and ultimately-- the class .show if you would most likely want it initially expanded upon web page load. This final one is actually a little difficult aspect-- up to Bootstrap 4 alpha 5 the class expanding the panel on load was called .in being replaced by .show in alpha 6 so take note which version you're using.
Finally inside of the collapsing component we need to place a container for our content having the .card-block class presenting us with a couple of fascinating paddings around the text message in itself.
Provide data-toggle=" button" to toggle a button's active condition. In the case that you're pre-toggling a button, you need to by hand add the active class and aria-pressed="true" to the <button>
Primarily that is actually in what way a single collapsible component becomes set up in Bootstrap 4. To produce the whole section you require to repeat the steps directly from above setting up as lots of .card components as desired for offering your strategy. Supposing that you're considering the visitor to be matching up several pieces from the texts it likewise could be a good idea taking advantage of bootstrap's grid system setting pair of toggle panels side-by-side on larger viewports to preferably getting the technique simpler-- that is really entirely right up to you to make a choice.
Tapio Wirkkala is an outstanding iittala designer whose art glass and glassware sets virtually created the look and content of iittala design. Wirkkala’s oeuvre is vast, and between the 1940s and 1980s he designed more than 400 different art glass objects and glassware series for iittala. Many of the art glass pieces and glassware sets have been skillfully remodeled in line with the changing technological advances.
Wirkkala studied ornamental sculpting at the Central School of Arts and Crafts, and objects designed by him often are very sculptural. Tapio Wirkkala came to iittala as a designer in 1946 after taking first place in a competition for engraved glass models held by the glassworks. Wirkkala’s glass design was exceptional throughout his career as a designer. Of note are his Ultima Thule and Tapio glassware lines, which are still produced by iittala today.
The Moomins are from Finland Finland has even dedicated a theme park to the fictional family called Moomin World in Naantali, Finland. Here, visitors can…
Archives Select Month June 2018 (4) May 2018 (4) April 2018 (1) March 2018 (1) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (1) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (7) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (6) September 2016 (3) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (5) April 2016 (5) March 2016 (6) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (6) December 2015 (6) November 2015 (8) October 2015 (8) September 2015 (12) August 2015 (7) July 2015 (8) June 2015 (9) May 2015 (8) April 2015 (10) March 2015 (9) February 2015 (12) January 2015 (10) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (1) October 2014 (3) September 2014 (1) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (4) June 2014 (5) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (8) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (6) January 2014 (15) December 2013 (6) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (7) September 2013 (7) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (2) March 2013 (4) February 2013 (2) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (4) October 2012 (7) September 2012 (5) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (6) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (7) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (5) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (3) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (5) August 2011 (6) July 2011 (6) June 2011 (9) May 2011 (5) April 2011 (7) March 2011 (7) February 2011 (7) January 2011 (6) December 2010 (4) November 2010 (5) October 2010 (2) September 2010 (5) August 2010 (10) July 2010 (5) June 2010 (6) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (2) March 2010 (4) February 2010 (3) January 2010 (5) December 2009 (5) November 2009 (6) October 2009 (9) September 2009 (7) August 2009 (5) July 2009 (8) June 2009 (17) May 2009 (21) April 2009 (7) March 2009 (6) February 2009 (5) January 2009 (4) December 2008 (6) November 2008 (7) October 2008 (13) September 2008 (9) August 2008 (10) July 2008 (10) June 2008 (9) May 2008 (14) April 2008 (12) March 2008 (11) February 2008 (10) January 2008 (8) December 2007 (7) November 2007 (5) October 2007 (9) September 2007 (4)
One of the best segments on the old Daily Show was Stephen Colbert’s “This Week in God” – I wanted to have a clip here but WordPress and Comedy Central’s embedding system do not play well together.
A few weeks ago, a Facebook friend of mine asked a question on his feed: Are his religious friends more offended that his atheism means he doesn’t believe in any religion or that it means he doesn’t believe in their religion? I felt I had something to offer to the discussion from a historical perspective. In both pre-modern Christianity and Islam an accusation of atheism was usually considered far worse than an accusation of heresy, false religion, or sometimes even witchcraft, although technically the sin would have been spreading atheism rather than the unbelief in itself. However, instead of just saying that, I decided to be a little cheeky, as one sometimes is on Facebook. I conjured up hyperbolic images of demonic infidels, burnings at the stake, and suffering Presbyterians.
Another friend decided to call me out, calling my comment snarky and unproductive. On reflection, I decided that he was correct. Rather than facilitating the discussion, it put more pious friends, the actual target of the original question, on the defensive, perhaps leading to more guarded answers. I apologized and tried to rephrase my idea in a less dismissive tone. But this raised another question for me: Why did I think that kind of humor could facilitate the discussion in the first place? I actually think it can, but as with any humor, context and timing is everything. We live in an era when much of our substantive social debates, including debates about religion, are conducted by comedians, John Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Sarah Silverman, and Bill Maher. But where I find Colbert hilarious when he talks about religion, I can’t stand Maher, whom I see as a mean-spirited bigot. Why?
Humor is so interconnected with individual taste that you can’t really deduce universal rules. But I think an exploration of examples from across the spectrum might tease out some of the potential relationships between humorist, audience, context, and social effect.
In the classroom, I’ve deliberately used irreverent humor for a pedagogical purpose. Despite all the disrespectful things said about Islam and other religions in certain corners of American culture, I’ve found that on the whole American students are reluctant to ask critical questions of religions other than their own – perhaps even more than they would with their own religions – although my friends in Biblical Studies may beg to differ. In fact, this is what I see as the central flaw in the way religion is discussed in American public space: People who aren’t seeking understanding speak loudly and disrespectfully while people who are seeking understanding avoid speaking up for fear of causing offense. My own response is to de-sacralize the sacred with humor.
The “Sacred” is an important concept in comparative religious studies, although different thinkers use the term in slightly different ways. While some emphasize the sacred as a person, place, or thing experienced as originating from a numinous realm, others, like Jonathan Z. Smith, suggest the idea of the sacred arises not from some passive experience but rather from the active reverence directed toward a sacred object. This accounts for why one person’s sacred object may seem mundane to another. Furthermore, the nature of this reverence means that the sacred must not be subjected to the types of attention given to everyday people, places, or things. You cannot look at it, touch it, listen to it, walk upon it, enter it, talk to it or about it, depict it, question it, or say its name without either being a special person or making oneself special in some way, such as through initiation, purification, education, and so forth.
One of the functions of humor is to take its object down a peg. This is its value as well as its danger. Humor can be used to keep down people already low on the social totem pole, just as it can be used to corrode the prestige of the rich and powerful. As the late great Joan Rivers was fond of saying, laughter can be a way to cope with even the most serious or horrible things. The Onion’s finest moment was its first post 9/11 issue, poking its satirical finger directly into the fresh wound, and it was gloriously healing. In a more everyday setting, humor can “break the ice” by lowering the tenor of a situation, making it less formal or tense. But still, ethnic jokes, blond jokes, fat jokes, and others of that type too often function to perpetuate stereotypes, prejudices, and concrete material inequalities. As I suggested earlier, the difference between the appropriate and the inappropriate humor boils down to taste and context. But in all these cases, humor functions in essentially the same way: it tears things down.
People who teach about Islam tend to get annoyed by the general public obsession with Islamic veiling practices. Titles of news segments about “looking under the veil of Arabia,” “unveiling Islam,” or “removing the veil of secrecy from al-Qa’ida” hint at both assumptions about sexual repression in Muslim cultures and the titillation that comes from wondering what’s underneath. It’s all incredibly creepy when you think about it. Still, we know that the students are going to be coming in with veils on the brain, but yet they won’t necessarily know how to go about asking about it. At the beginning of one segment on gender relations, I started by telling the story of how I once tried on a burqa and proceeded to bump into everything. Everyone chuckles (whether out of true amusement or mere politeness doesn’t matter), but the most profane question is now on the table: How do they even see in those things? From there, the discussion can open up and bring in all sorts of different perspectives. I’ve signaled that the goal is not getting them to like or dislike the veil – and that it’s perfectly OK not to like it – but rather to understand a range of perspectives on the practice. No question will be considered offensive as long as it’s in the service of learning.
When teaching about Muhammad, I like to pull out a hadith (traditional narrative about the Prophet passed down by his followers) in which Muhammad is the butt of a practical joke by his wives. According to the narrative, Muhammad had a sweet tooth and loved honey-flavored drinks, which led him to spend a little bit more time with one of his wives (which one varies in the different versions) who exploited this fact by plying him with honey drinks. A’isha and several other wives decided to nip this in the bud by scheming to convince their husband that the honey beverage gave him bad breath and made him less sexy. He fell for it hook, line, and sinker, swearing off honey until their ruse was later revealed. While perhaps not a rip-roarer, it nevertheless allows us a chuckle at Muhammad’s expense. One of the reasons I like sharing this particular story is that I think it is originally intended to cause exactly such a chuckle. It’s an insider joke as much as an outsider joke. The hadith that highlight the Prophet’s home life paint a portrait of a human, relatable man suffering the everyday travails of married life. A real tension in Islamic thought stems from trying to revere and emulate Muhammad without making an idol out of him. The transmitters of this hadith take him down a notch without actually maligning him (Hadith involving A’isha do this a lot – her acerbic wit comes through so strongly that it’s easy to believe some real trace of her personality has made it through the hagiographies). Likewise, students of Islam ought to feel comfortable talking about Muhammad as a human being and probing what made him tick (to the degree you can based on what sources we have) if they seek to understand him and his followers.
In the classroom, the overall purpose is not the same as in a comedy club. At the end of the day, we do want students to have a healthy respect for the traditions and people they’re studying. At the same time, too much respect, or rather the wrong type of respect, can actually hamper learning. Humor is not the only way to cut through the untouchability of the sacred, but it can be effective, albeit potentially risky. For the downside is that for many within a tradition such treatment is the very definition of blasphemy, even if you’re not taking it to Rushdie-esque levels. I like to think I usually pull off the right balance, but I also freely admit that plenty of attempts fall flat or go too far in one direction or the other.
Religious figures get more than their fair share of lampooning on South Park, but we (usually, sometimes) love them for it
Despite my prodigious comedic talents, my humor in the classroom or on Facebook feeds is incredibly tame compared what you can get away with on cable television these days. The work of Trey Parker and Matt Stone provides some great test cases for how humor can increase or fail to increase understanding of religions and religious sensibilities. South Park is a fascinating litmus test. I doubt there is anyone who has not actually been offended by something in the show sooner or later, but I also doubt if anyone who has seen the show has not been rewarded quite often with deep belly laughs. Religion is one of their favorite targets, and their perspective is certainly not that of believers, but nor is their depiction devoid of human empathy. The genius of Parker and Stone stems from their ability to invert their own inversions, flipping the mirror back at the audience, subverting the attitudes that made the comedy possible in the first place. It doesn’t always work – like all humor – but they’ve developed a very effective formula.
A great example can be seen in the infamous Muhammad episode (Episode 201, April 2010), which was censored by Comedy Central when it first aired and has not been aired at all since then (although leaked versions appear from time to time, I happened to watch it on its original night). Much like The Satanic Verses, the episode strangely explores the very type of controversy that came to engulf its fate in the real world. Stone and Parker received “credible” death threats from a fringe group based on the first part of their story in episode 200, leading the network to heavily edit 201, which in turn resulted in cries of censorship. The plot involves all of South Park’s past celebrity targets (Michael Jackson, Rob Reiner, Mel Gibson, Bono, Pope Benedict, robot Barbara Streisand, et al.) led by Tom Cruise suing the town in order to force them to arrange a meeting with the Prophet Muhammad. Cruise’s scheme is to subject the Prophet to a process that will extract the mysterious “goo” that renders Muhammad immune to ridicule and transfer it to the other celebrities (such a brilliant idea!). Throughout 200, Muhammad only appears hidden in a bear costume to disguise his identity. In 201, he always has a big black bar with “Censored” on it super-imposed on what was presumably the bear costume. There could almost be no better illustration of the concept of the Sacred that I discussed above, that what makes something sacred is not necessarily some inherent trait, but rather how people treat (or don’t treat) it. The South Park crew takes this idea a step further, at least in the uncensored version of the “final lesson” speech that was never aired.
KYLE: That’s because there is no goo, Mr. Cruise. You see, I learned something today. Throughout this whole ordeal, we’ve all wanted to show things that we weren’t allowed to show, but it wasn’t because of some magic goo. It was because of the magical power of threatening people with violence. That’s obviously the only true power. If there’s anything we’ve all learned, it’s that terrorizing people works.
JESUS: That’s right. Don’t you see, gingers, if you don’t want to be made fun of anymore, all you need are guns and bombs to get people to stop.
SANTA: That’s right, friends. All you need to do is instill fear and be willing to hurt people and you can get whatever you want. The only true power is violence.
The litigants in episode 200: I find it interesting that Mel Gibson is one of the few characters in South Park that, like Saddam Hussein, are animated with a photograph of their heads.
You don’t necessarily have to agree with the premise that respect for the Prophet needs to be predicated on violence (see my take on the Danish cartoons below). But it is true that the idea of the sacred frequently serves as a tool of power and social control. It’s important to note, though, that Muhammad is actually not the butt of the joke in this episode, although he’s certainly not an object of reverence either. Rather it is those who want to avoid ridicule to the point of threatening others. We’re looking at you, Mr. Cruise.
In an effort to combat the local belief that sex with a virgin cures AIDS, Elder Cunningham *slightly* embellishes the Book of Mormon by suggesting that God told Joseph Smith that all he had to do to cure himself of AIDS was to *ahem* “have intercourse” with a frog.
Their double-edged sword really shines in the musical The Book of Mormon, a long form treatment of religion. It is as crude, profane, and irreverent as South Park (without the bleeps!), but it humanizes religious belief in a way the audience may not have been suspecting. The plot follows a pair of young Mormon missionaries who are sent to Uganda, where they encounter AIDS, poverty, female circumcision, and violent warlords. It pokes fun at all the idiosyncrasies of the Mormon Church, such as its attitudes toward sexuality, concept of divinity, and conflicted history with converts of African descent. But unexpectedly, it is religious belief that ends up empowering the characters to face and overcome their obstacles. In what I think is the best song of the show, the main female character Nabulungi speaks of the inspiration she feels after learning of the early Mormons’ trek to the promised land of Salt Lake City. (Listen to it here.)
Although the character seems naïve and unsophisticated, the song is nevertheless poignant and powerful. It hits the balance perfectly, in my opinion. It points squarely at the appeal and empowerment of apocalyptic narratives in which the crappy world we’re stuck in is replaced by a this-worldly utopia or other-worldly paradise. By imagining that things could be different and better, Nabulungi is no longer complacent in accepting the injustices around her, and she becomes a leader and agent of social change. Other numbers highlight the “Top 10” of religious themes, such as the origin of evil, the derivation of ethics from sacred stories, and the tension of differing scriptural interpretations. While it’s certainly not ground-breaking theology, the religious psychology of the characters is surprisingly multi-dimensional.
To my mind, what is most subversive about The Book of Mormon isn’t its skewering of religious faith. In fact, despite its irreverence, I wouldn’t consider it polemical against Mormonism or Christianity in general, at least not in the traditional sense. Rather, it attempts to get the audience to come out on the other side of the experience with a certain amount of empathy for people and ideas they were simply expecting to be able to mock. This is why I think Bill Maher fails in his critiques of religion. His one-note shtick is basically to say, “Look how stupid those religious people are.” Parker and Stone might also say that, but they don’t stop there, opting instead to humanize and complicate the objects of their satire. Sure, they remain abject and ridiculous, but the audience is prevented from simply adopting an attitude of smug superiority. If they had a credo, I think it might be “Ridiculousness and stupidity are part of the universal human condition.” Interestingly, the Latter Day Saints leadership responded to the production with a good deal of equanimity, even to the point of advertising in the playbill that “You’ve seen the play, now read the book.”
While Mormons have certainly experienced oppression and violence in their history, in 21st-century America there is no fear that riled-up audiences will leave a production of The Book of Mormon and start beating up random Mormons on the street or refusing to give them jobs because of their faith. While the show certainly laughs at Mormons more than with them, Mormons exist in a safe-enough social space that they can feel free to choose to laugh with those laughing at them, or not. Even though he didn’t win, the fact that Mitt Romney secured his party’s nomination for the presidency was historically significant, just as Kennedy’s election signaled to American Catholics that they were no longer a maligned minority (or at least, they no longer needed to care if they’re maligned in some quarters).
But I’d like to take a cue from Trey and Matt and invert the inversion. I had a very different reaction to the Muhammad cartoon controversy in 2005 than most everyone else. Doubtless that was in part because my interests create a certain sympathy for Muslim perspectives. But actually, the first thing that occurred to me was how similar some of the cartoons were to some of the anti-semitic cartoons from pre-WWII Europe I was familiar with. While the question of free speech and the place of blasphemy laws in a free, secular society is a valid and important one, what most struck me was how far right-wing groups throughout Europe gleefully piled on the “let’s ratchet up the offense against Muslims” bandwagon. To be honest, most of the original cartoons were pretty innocuous. The most potentially offensive ones to my eyes were the one with a bomb in Muhammad’s turban and the one in which the Prophet appears with a black censor-stripe across his eyes and wielding a sword barring access to two veiled women with an open stripe that leaves only their eyes visible. While the former struck me as simply mean-spirited, the latter at least had a clever visual hook. Unfortunately, when some Danish imams compiled their dossier of the cartoons to send to their colleagues in the Middle East, they included some very-amateurish images that were over the top-offensive, such as a photo-manipulation that shows a praying Muslim man being sexually mounted by a dog (considered an unclean animal by many Muslims, making it even worse) with the caption: “This is really why Muslims pray prostrate.”
It’s significant that the response of U.S. Muslims was far more muted than their counterparts in Europe. The crazy Islamophobic rants one sees on FOX and weird FBI entrapment schemes notwithstanding, Muslims in the U.S. are not in the same kind of embattled position as in Europe. This is due to numerous factors, including the smaller size of the American Muslim community with respect to the majority, their largely middle-class and educated status, and the fact that American legal institutions protecting freedom of worship are fairly robust (and indeed are more interested in protecting religion from the state than the state from religion, for better or worse. I’d say largely for better). A better, if still inadequate, American analogy for the status of European Muslims would be the case of American Latinos. All the right-wing rhetoric about the dangers of immigrants to “our” language, jobs, culture, and morality are directed at Muslim immigrants instead. Europeans have the additional hurdle that they are less accustomed to imagining themselves as multicultural societies. Laws curtailing Muslim religious expression and practice, such as banning Islamic dress in schools or limiting the construction of mosques are becoming commonplace, and were in fact reaching a fever pitch around the time the cartoons were published. The cartoons thus struck many European Muslims as yet another attack denigrating and marginalizing their place in European society.
Left is a 1934 cover of a French translation of the Anti-Semitic “Protocols of the Elders of Zion”; Right is a depiction of the Muslim threat from right-wing French cartoonist Steph Bergol (not one of the Danish cartoons)
The cartoons, or rather the context and intent behind them, made me think uncomfortably of pre-World War II political cartoons depicting Jews, who were often mocked for trying and failing to assimilate into “mainstream” European society. Even the physicality of the caricatures, such as an exaggerated hook nose, bushy unkempt eyebrows, and lascivious leer were reminiscent of anti-Jewish imagery. In some of the popular political cartoons that appeared in the wake of the controversy that sought to ramp up the level of offensiveness to make a point, much of the imagery seems deliberately cribbed from a century ago. Muhammad menacing a globe, leering at unsuspecting European women, and pulling the strings behind government policies that dilute the power of traditional (white) dominance. In short, unlike the satire of The Book of Mormon, the goal of many such cartoons was to de-humanize Muhammad and Muslims as a clear and present threat.
There’s a limit to such a comparison, of course, and I don’t think we’re on the verge of another genocide, but I believe the storm around the Muhammad cartoons were just as much about racist animus as about critique of religious fanaticism. Censorship or asking for censorship isn’t the solution in such cases. Nor do I think the success of multiculturalism depends on a punitive system of political correctness (in fact, I think it ultimately undermines it). The best response is perhaps to turn the comedic tables, as one of the 12 original Danish cartoonists did by depicting Kåre Bluitgen, the children’s author who complained of his difficulty finding willing illustrators for his children’s book about Muhammad and who thus started the ball rolling, dressed in a turban with an orange with the words “PR-Stunt” written on it – visually similar to the more famous image of Muhammad with a bomb in his turban.
Posted in Academia, American Christianity, Anti-Semitism, Islam, Islam in America, Islamophobia, Religion in the Public Sphere
Tagged anti-semitism, Bill Maher, blasphemy, censorship, Joan Rivers, Mormons, Muhammad, Muhammad cartoons, Onion, religion and humor, sacred, South Park, Stephen Colber, The Book of Mormon
I know first hand how isolating it can be to be a queer person in a traditional church. Sometimes it seemed like I was the only one. The church didn’t know what to do with me, that much I knew. My existence in the church was unacknowledged, and for my part I tried to make my sexuality invisible.
Had a pastor had the courage to address me in a sermon in a way that was open and gracious, it would have helped. Instead, the few references to sexual minorities that made their way into sermons did more harm than good.
Now that I’ve accepted myself and educated myself, I realize that things don’t have to be this way. If you’re thinking about preaching on LGBT topics, I’m here to help. Here are three simple things you can do to make a difference.
While your sermon might be mostly forgotten by the straight people in your church, the queer people will probably remember it forever. I remember all kinds of little things pastors said in sermons and things I read over the years that I’m sure straight people never thought twice about. So please speak to us. We are listening more closely than anyone.
Most sermons I’ve heard about LGBT issues never once addressed queer people in the congregation. We are spoken about as the other, people separate from the group being addressed, as if we weren’t even there.
These sermons were all about what the church teaches or how we should be more compassionate towards LGBT people. But if you ignore queer people in the audience, you have failed to model compassion, and your words are hollow. Don’t tell people to love us while you yourself ignore us.
Here’s a helpful question to ask: What message do LGBT people need to hear? Get that clear. Then I’d suggest you spend some time thinking about what messages you are sending unintentionally. Ask yourself, “if I were queer, how would this come across to me?”
For example, if you spend your sermon talking about how we need to show more grace to LGBT people, you are sending us the message that they will not receive grace in the church. It might not be bad to send that message because it might be true. However, you have a pastoral duty to address the pain of this reality.
What would you think of a sermon about marriage from a single person who never so much as quotes a married person? The sermon would have no credibility. Or how might you feel if the only perspective they shared from a married person was from a miserable married person? Such a sermon would only bring discouragement.
I listened to a sermon promoting greater compassion for LGBT people. In this sermon, the only LGBT voice that was given was the reading of a suicide note from someone who was bullied for years and finally killed himself. The intention was good. He wanted to build compassion, but he didn’t consider the impact on queer youth. He never did talk about the amazing life that gay teen might have had, nor did he talk about the reality that life usually gets better for queer people as they get older.
There are a lot of sources of healthy queer perspectives. Try blogs on this site, try the Gay Christian Network and Justin Lee’s blog, you can always google search, or best of all get to know a LGBT person who has reflected on these issues and is able to help you. You can also contact me through this website if you’d like. There are a lot of resources available if you start looking.
Preaching a sermon on this topic is a golden opportunity. There are clear problems you can address and myths you can clear up. You will help heal families and protect people who are LGBT. Some of these suggestions might seem unnecessary to you, but they are reflective of common experiences for LGBT people.
Don’t use derogatory terms. “Homosexual” is usually a derogatory term, and you probably know worse terms.
Sexual orientation does not change as a general rule. How you feel is almost certainly how you will always feel.
Do not tell them to leave your home or make them feel that you don’t want them there. Homelessness is a huge problem for LGBT youth, especially transgender youth.
Be aware that suicide is a very real possibility. If you are highly rejecting of your child, they are 8.4 times more likely to commit suicide.
Tell your child you love them, and never stop supporting them as an individual, even if you disagree with their life choices. Don’t remove financial support or try to pressure them to make the choices you believe are right.
By reading this blog, you have already taken one step towards shedding light on a difficult subject, and I thank you. When I preached on this topic, using these principles, I had church members coming to me in tears, sharing difficult situations they’d been struggling with for year without telling anyone. The sermon opened up important conversations that needed to happen, and your will do the same. Take courage, you are on the right path, and even if you get some push back, it will be well worth it.
In the next few days, I will be adding another post with three more principles for preaching on LGBT topics.
Thank you. This was me 20 years ago. I came out but at times I feel so alone in my ownSDA church. Peace blessings to you.
There is no nobility in poverty. I’ve been a rich man and I’ve been a poor man and I choose rich every single time, because when I show up to handle my problems, I show up in the back of a limo, wearing a $2,000 suit and a $40,000 fucking watch.
In this day and age information is moving so fast that feeling left behind happens faster than ever. When that hunger to succeed arises, some people will do anything for the glory. Smart salespeople take advantage of this. They create multi level marketing schemes because they know you want money and you want it fast.
Everyone wants to shine, but no one wants to put in the work and the financially intelligent continue to capitalize . See, what the powers that be want you to think is that money only comes from going to school, learning a skill or field and getting a good job.
Money comes from financial intelligence and creativity. Our entire academic careers we’ve been taught to regurgitate information in the way it was presented to us opposed to augmenting and questioning said material.
Critical thinking and financial savvy are subjects taught in the home, not in schools. Schools have successfully created good employees, not good employers. It’s not about how you obtain money, it’s truly about how you spend it. Financial guru Robert Kiyosaki says that “Every dollar should be an employee.” He also says that “If you aren’t saving to invest, you’re a loser.”
You have to learn to make your money work for you so you don’t waste your most valuable asset as a human being (TIME) consistently working for money that you’re burning through, or sitting on.
Find a way to monetize your ideas, invest in real estate, the stock market, give money to a drug dealer, SOMETHING. There is no progress in comfort, so you have to take calculated risk.
In my personal opinion if you’re working just to save for a rainy day or to buy a liability then a scammer is better than you in relation to creativity. Morally, the criminal is at fault, but at least that scammer is attempting to find a way to win! The crooks is using the brain to make money, a practice that you should apply to your life!
Contrary to popular belief, crime is not easy and it does pay. I personally know some criminals and they work harder than half of people with regular jobs. Not only do they have to have everything in order and have backup plans for backup plans, they also have to be ahead of law enforcement, the people they’re scamming and niggas trying to get them. I’ve seen someone go through 1,000+ SSN, credit card and account numbers, previous addresses and documentation all to bust a lick.
It’s not right at all, but the point I’m trying to make is money comes from creativity. If the crooks used half of that effort and creativity in the pursuit of financial intelligence and investing, they wouldn’t have to scam.
Jobs shouldn’t be frowned upon, but people who don’t attempt to make money on their own should. Every person should have a job and a hobby, passion or business that eventually outgrows the job. Your job is the liquidity for you to invest into your dreams.
How many times have you put something off because you didn’t “have the money” just to spend aforementioned money on something that you desired? Exactly.
Please educate yourself financially and learn to invest. A smart man learns from his own mistakes, a wise man learns from others. A woman I was in love with left me because I wasn’t financially intelligent and she didn’t feel safe for the future. It took that for me to wake the fuck up now. (Pun intended.)
I don’t want any person to feel that so please learn the value of a dollar. Learn that money is a tool not a toy. Read some Suze Orman and Robert Kiyosaki books. Understand that money is a tool not a toy and apply that shit to your life. Yes, I said that twice.
There is a huge difference between entrepreneurship and scamming. Day to day, 9-5 Jobs should never be discredited because no civilization has ever survived without workers. Focus on financial education, creativity, generational wealth and everything else will fall into place.
Aristotle believed that as humans we all have the same final purpose. Achieving this will ultimately make us a good person. This theory can be argued away but setting aside the arguments and really understanding it you find something quite beautiful.
You see Aristotle understood and took note of how everyone has different roles within society. Some people are chefs, others artists. We all may have the same purpose but Aristotle notes that it is achieved in different ways.
Let’s begin by listing all the qualities you should have to be the best in your role. Carrying on with my entrepreneurship blogs let’s use being a Leader as an example. The qualities of a good leader can be argued back and forth. Everyone will have a different opinion. Here’s a few of mine;
Now as a leader, for you to reach Eudaimonia, be a good person and ultimately fulfil your purpose you simply need all of these qualities.
I believe that though eudaimonia may be the final purpose, not achieving it is not the end of the world. Dedication to potentially achieving it matters just as much. Being on the journey to achieving it matters just as much. Accepting that in life there will always be a journey towards your destination or goal matters just as much. Essentially the journey is the most important part. It’s where you make mistakes. It’s where you fail and fail and fail your way up to success.
I believe that as humans we can all have a different final purpose. It may arguably come under eudaimonia however it can also be completely separate.
My final purpose and my main goal in life is to be happy. Using eudaimonia rather than taking it literally and saying be the happiest person ever, it could be using my happiness to benefit others, spreading the happiness, bouncing back after all my set backs. Understanding that feeling sad is a part of life. It’s a raw emotion. It shows we are only human at the end of the day.
However you see it and however you may want to understand and visualise Eudaimonia, the concept of human flourishing, being the best as what you do maybe even being the best version of yourself, as an ultimate purpose in life is a beautiful thought.
“We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we’re curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.” - Walt Disney ✨
Every step I take during this durational performance will be a milestone bringing me closer to the end of the cross-country walk. The emotional aspects of this piece, however, start long before I hit the trail. In the months leading up to the excursion, I will sort through decades’ worth of stockpiled remnants. These hoarded artifacts, consisting of printed text message conversations, emails, and photographs, will be compressed into briquette shaped objects using a custom built compound lever press. These pieces will be held in a water-proof container that I carry the length of the performance, the physical weight of which parallel the emotional struggles of long distance relationships. During the performance the sculpted artifacts will burn in a small camping stove, producing the fire necessary for survival on the grueling trek. Creating something new from painful memories, and then using those objects to directly fuel this performance, will be one of the most significant moments of this piece. In addition, I will document through written journals, photographs, and video the walk across the United States to provide further more in depth context to “Close • ness”. The trip provides me a chance to be, consumed in thought, while unburdening both my pack and mind to become lighter the farther I travel.
Ark was once called "the Oracle Knight", as well as the one who killed four of the Six Heroes.. View Silviu Marians profile on LinkedIn, . Heroes Lore - IOS NFS - Android . Silviu Marian; Heroes Lore : Stigmata of Gaia. iOS.. Download Merge Dragons APK for Android. . magic in a secret lore. . Discover the statue Gaia trapped in the cursed land of each level to solve puzzles and create .
SketchUp for Mac is a 3D design app that allows you to create 3D models and, using an online service, get those models built.
The internet is a sea of valuable information of all accumulated human knowledge where we can delve into any subject known to man and learn every single detail about it without leaving our bedrooms. If used properly, we can all become nuclear physicists and create a Utopia of quantum power where the monetary system becomes void because we do have all the knowledge and technology as humans to satisfy all our human needs while preserving the planet’s natural resources and without any wars. It’s all there at our fingertips. But you’re idiots. We are all idiots.
As hip-hop remains a staple in our society, we continue to appreciate the artists behind this broad genre of music. While Biggie and Tupac represent the best of hip-hop excellence from both coasts, we also remember these two as humans beings, just like the rest of us. With that comes personality, charm, and, of course, a good sense-of-humor. Today, with the ever-changing nuances of technology and the Internet, rappers can express themselves and their senses of humor in ways far beyond that their music. Whether it’s a GIF, a tweet, a meme, a Snapchat — there’s never a bad time to insert comedy into any given situation. When it comes to music videos, Lil Dicky sets the bar high with “$ave Dat Money,” which clocks in at over 84 million views and counting. Aside from his undeniable talent behind the mic, LD effortlessly reveals a career in comedy is at his fingertips.
Timberland Pro Men's 6 Rigmaster XT Medium/Wide Steel Safety Toe Work Boots (Brown Leather) - Size 10.0 M at Famous Footwear
Timberland Pro Men's Barstow 6 Wedge Medium/Wide Soft Toe Work Boots (Rust Leather) - Size 10.0 M at Famous Footwear
Timberland Pro Men's Boondock 8 Medium/Wide Soft Toe Waterproof Work Boots (Brown Leather) - Size 10.0 M at Famous Footwear
Timberland Pro Men's Barstow 6 Moc Alloy Safety Toe Work Boots (Rust) - Size 7.5 M at Famous Footwear
Timberland Pro Men's 8 Rigmaster XT Medium/Wide Steel Safety Toe Work Boots (Brown Leather) - Size 10.0 M at Famous Footwear
Please complete the form below to request a showing for this property. We will review your request and respond to you as soon as possible. Please add any additional notes or comments that we will need to know about your request.
If you would like to send this property to a friend that you think may be interested, please complete the form below. To send this property to multiple friends, enter each email separated by a comma in the 'Friends Email' field.
barn board table projects from barn board tables to dressers and also perfect dining chair design a barn board bedroom furniture ontario.
You can find skilled residential contractors in the greater Chicagoland area, please use the sort options to help assist in finding a contractor that meets your needs.
Hello, this page of our website is made specially for Action game developed by DICE and named "Star Wars: Battlefront 2". This PC game takes up to N/A of free space. If you are about to download this Action game, published in 2017, make sure you have enough space on your PC.
"Star Wars: Battlefront 2" is one of the games that you can download or magnet on our torrent. This Action game is designed for PC, also it was produced by DICE and published by Electronic Arts in in 2017, November 17. Scroll down for more information about Star Wars: Battlefront 2 torrent.
Your IP Address is 109.94.220.195 Anyone can track your download activities! Hide your IP ADDRESS with a VPN.
Customise and update your heroes, starfighters or troopers - each with unique skills to exploit in battle. Ride tauntauns or treat tanks and speeders. Use the Force to show your worth against legendary characters such as Kylo Ren, Darth Maul or Han Solo, as you play a role in a gambling adventure inspired by forty decades of classic Star Wars movies.
Together with Star Wars: Battlefront II, programmer DICE is shooting its chance to repair the many unsatisfactory issues in its own 2015 predecessor. And even though it's enjoyed well-enough by gamers, it had lots of issues. It got the extent and appearance of Star Wars down, but it felt hurried to discharge and thin on material. It was also occasionally tough to appreciate. Battlefront largely puts players on huge maps with extended sight lines, where half of any conflict is really finding people to take - without even getting blasted from hundreds of yards off with an undercover member of the opposing group.
In EA's E3 2017 display, EA Play, players and journalists had an opportunity to jump to a game in the new and enhanced Star Wars title. It's already apparent there is a whole lot more depth in style of game, combined with at least one intriguing, changing map - Theed, the capital city of Naboo found in Star Wars: The Phantom Menace. Even though the first game often felt random, Battlefront II appears to be putting more consideration to its mechanisms. Players may pick from one of four character classes whenever they spawn in the sport, and these courses have various traits. Where the previous game was mostly about unlocking distinct blasters and "Star Cards" - unique skills like wielding a rocket launcher or throwing a thermal detonator - Battlefront II allows you to concentrate your style of game in the hop.
Every one of those courses allows you consider ways to assist your group, instead of simply giving you another standard body to throw in the fray. Assault personalities are front-line fighters that take explosives and midsize blaster rifles. Heavy fighters wield big guns and have private, forward-facing shields to allow them to wade into conflict. Trainers lay down turrets and fans that give others a boost. Battlefront II utilizes these components to push team-based drama in a way the previous game fought with. When you are killed, you are put into a group of different players, along with the game tries to place you all together each single time you fall back in. This usually means you're constantly with a staff, and you'll be able to see what courses your teammates are attracted to keep - giving you an opportunity adjust your own so you're able to help out.
Specializing the aids draw back the teamwork present the Battlefield show which was missing in Star Wars Battlefront. The very first game provided too few possibilities, and it required a very long time to unlock and find out the numerous weapons which finally became accessible. In Battlefront II, you are in a position to combine up style of game and concentrate straight away, and that is into this game's gain.
Additionally changed would be the "tokens" that appeared at the previous Battlefront. These pickups allow you to do things such as jump to a starfighter, shed a turret, or even develop into a potent hero personality such as Luke Skywalker or Darth Vader. It is not a terrible concept, but at the very first game they were only waiting round the map for everyone to catch, irrespective of skill or usefulness.
Battlefront II yells out that system for "battle points," that you get for performing well in conflict. Assessing or attacking goals earns you points, in addition to killing players. You do not need to become the most dangerous player on the staff to get to trendy Star Wars toys, provided that you complete the goals. Since you accrue points, you save up them until you choose to pay them. Like character classes, there is approach in the way you set up your conflict points.
Along with checking out Battlefront II's Kinect, EA Play gave us a opportunity to check out the characteristic players have been requesting since before the first game's launch: A complete Battlefront single-player effort. Its primary focus is on exactly what the Empire got up to at the aftermath of the deaths of both Emperor Palpatine and Darth Vader.
Dont Breathe is one of Horror movies produced in 2016 and created by Fede Alvarez. At this time you can download this movie in BRRip, it is High Quality. Also this movie has 7.2 stars rating on IMDb.
Twin Peaks Season 3 is one of Crime TV shows produced in 2017 and created by Joseph Weisberg. At this time you can download this series in HDTV, it is High Quality. Also this TV series has 9.3 stars rating on IMDb.
Just Cause 3 is one of Action games produced in 2015 and developed by Avalanche Studios. Just Cause 3 works only on PC and this game's release date is December 1.
Steven Todd Smith is a Reiki Master Teacher & practitioner, based out of Los Angeles, with his energy healing practice, Reiki For Creative Minds. Immersing himself in a Reiki-guided lifestyle back in 2012, he has had the privilege of working with hundreds of individuals, people and animals, both in-person and remotely. As the son of two parents who spent 30+ years teaching, the introduction of teaching Reiki attunement/certification classes in 2013 was a welcome addition to his practice. His mission is to help others reconnect with a more balanced and aligned state of body, mind, and spirit; to release unnecessary stress and fill up every day with greater direction, creativity, gratitude, and lightness. For more, please visit www.reikiforcreativeminds.com.
Reiki is a Japanese method of natural healing, often used for stress reduction and promoting relaxation in one's body and mind. Translating to "Universal Life Force Energy," Reiki is channeled by practitioner to recipient by the laying of hands upon or around the body.
Hold the space with active listening and connection. I feel so blessed to provide such a great sense of comfort, safety, security, and caring for my clients - both those whom I’ve known and seen for weeks, months, etc., but even more so for those who walk into my home office space for the first time and feel totally comfortable opening up about some of the most sensitive parts of their lives. It takes a lot to be vulnerable, especially with someone for the first time. I actively care, I actively listen, I actively wish to be of service. Knowing that these qualities come across with love right from the start brings great joy to my heart.