Kindness, trustworthiness, and humor. Kindness, first and foremost. My parents raised me to be kind, to care, and it’s gone a long way - leading me through intention for my life. Kindness in my intentions, in my words, in my practice. I act true to my word and not only create a trusting space but also put myself out there to help and support, following through to the truth of my word. And humor. Evoking smiles, laughter, lightness - such an important part of life. I’ve always enjoyed making jokes, uplifting a person or space with joy, and I keep a pulse on genuine ways to do so in my interactions.
My main personal aspiration to continue to travel the world in the fullest way possible. My curiosity for seeing new parts of this immense planet on which we live, immersing myself in local foreign cultures, allowing myself to be in awe of nature’s wonders and the greatest structures built, try new food, and walk the streets of cities and towns unknown is one of my guiding lights right now. I’d love to visit all 7 continents (yep, even Antarctica). Along with that, to learn a new language or two (to be at least semi-fluent - right now, French and Italian have captured me), play in the World Series of Poker Main Event, and open a vegan sports bar.
Professionally, I would love to see Reiki for Creative Minds flourish to a practice that thrives immensely not only from one-on-one sessions and certification classes but also through hosting regular Reiki retreats around the world. My journey started with a retreat, so I’d love to be able to introduce people into their own immersive Reiki journeys at beautiful, energetically heightened locations all over the planet.
My number one biggest success is in my relationship with my fiancee, Jonelle (soon to be wife, May 2018!). I’m the luckiest guy, and to have her to share this whole life journey with is my #1 accomplishment.
Starting Reiki for Creative Minds is also a big life success for me. To dive fully and completely into the entrepreneurial world, to follow a deep yet unknown connection with Reiki through to start a business practicing it, to have helped so many people on their journeys - physically, emotionally, creatively, in/with relationships, careers, self-confidence, and beyond - is a success with which I can feel complete right now … knowing there’s still so much more to build and achieve!
I also have to shine a spotlight on the decision to adopt a vegan lifestyle. In addition to the above, it’s one of the few things in life of which I can say “This is for life.” without any doubt. Beyond my own personal health and fulfillment, to live through a single decision that saves the lives of animals, promotes compassion and consciousness, supports sustainability, etc. is paramount in its essence. It comes from a place of care and consideration and selflessness, and it also has benefited and will continue to benefit my life.
Ending my previous long-term relationship, rather unexpectedly (and still after what felt like an infinite amount of thought and talking and emotional turmoil). Being able to trust the feeling of the end of a relationship that was not thriving, even after many years of love and connection, and seeing a pathway forward for reinspired passion and life ahead was daunting. It took a lot of self-reflection and dedicated time to get clear on what I wanted to create and how I wanted to grow, along with moving through pain without allowing great suffering. To move mutually through this separation process with love, with care, with respect and consideration, and come out on the other side as a stronger person who could (and did) find engaging, connected, empowering love with my wife-to-be was one of the clearest “Major Life Challenge with a Life Enhancing Reward on the other side” experiences for me.
“Live With Passion!” is a huge one for me, infused from a great inspiration/role model in my journey, Tony Robbins. Such an important reminder, as passion is the spark that keeps our “joy for life” and “drive to grow” flame lit.
“Make it lovely.” was a simple yet potent suggestion from George Kosmitis, a yoga teacher whose class I’ve frequented. In all aspects of life, the easy, the fun, the challenging, the painful … find a way, or allow a way, to make it lovely.
Tony Robbins was quite influential in my personal and professional journey. His teachings towards addressing the ultimate Why(s) in one’s life, getting clear and determined in an integrated physical/mental/emotional way, and taking massive action with creating realities from goals have been so powerful for me, revolutionizing my life in many ways. I love his joy, I love his strength, and I love the connection he makes and grows with others.
My parents did a really good job raising me, I have to thank them, I want to thank them, and I do look up to them - in teaching me to be a good and kind person, to use my smarts and common sense.
Oprah and Ellen DeGeneres are incredible public figures, role models, global influencers and inspirational powerhouses. The platforms they have created to bring joy, inspiration, giving, charity, knowledge and awareness, empowerment into people’s lives all around the world are gifts to society. I hope to have a ripple effect that’s even a fraction of a fraction of what they have accomplished and still continue to accomplish.
Gary Vaynerchuk speaks the truth, speaks it loud and straightforward, and I love his no BS, Carpe Diem, leave the excuses behind approach to life. Deepak Chopra and Eckhart Tolle in their writings, speaking, and teachings have also inspired me greatly.
Cape Town, South Africa; Ubud, Bali; New Orleans, Louisiana; I’d say Italy as a whole (specifically Rome, Florence, and Lucca); Berlin, Germany; Grand Canyon, Arizona; Maui, Hawaii; Antigua. I’m also a fan of NYC and Los Angeles, have split my timing living between them the past 15 years.
Traveling the world, fantasy football, playing volleyball, sports as a whole (as a player or spectator/fan), board games/game nights, poker, organizing group gatherings, films and improv, cooking, pot luck parties, finding the best vegan restaurants around town, weekend morning chicory coffee and beignets, long immersive meditation, massages and float tanks, snuggling up and watching This Is Us and movies with my partner, hosting Reiki Sound Baths, belly rubs with my cat Guster.
- Home- News- - Community- - City- - Crime Reports- - Neighborhood Councils- - Local Development- Local People- - Featured Resident- - Featured Teens- - Interviews- - Leaders & Activists- - Featured Business- History- - Our History- - Architecture- - In Memory Of- Food N Fun- - Seen on the Scene- - Restaurant Reviews- - Art- - Theatre- - Events- Editorial- - Eye On Wesson- - Reader Comments- Community Info- - School Beat- - Local Sports- - Free and Low Cost- - Pet Pause- - Spiritual Community- Health- - Natural Health- Info- - About Us- - Get Hardcopy- - Advertising Rates- - Map of TNN Borders
Let's say you’ve discovered some mouse droppings, maybe even seen a mouse or rat scurrying by one night. So you decide to get some rat poison and put it out confident the problem has been solved. The rat eats the poison and makes its way across the yard where it catches the eye of a cat, a hawk, an owl who move in to catch this easy prey because it has slowed down or is moving erratically. Let's say the neighbors cat catches it, eats it. A few days later the heart broken neighbor is posting signs wondering where their cat has disappeared to while a distraught neighbor a few doors over is calling dead animal pick up for the cat lying under the bushes.
Strychnine is a very strong and dangerous poison that is often added to baits for killing rats, moles, gophers, and other rodents or unwanted predators. Having a very short duration of action, the clinical symptoms of strychnine poisoning typically appear within ten minutes to two hours after ingestion, resulting in sudden death.
Patients often will die due to spasming of the muscles involved in respiration, resulting in strangulation. Cats of all ages are equally susceptible to the adverse effects of strychnine.
So how do we get rid of rats without creating lethal danger to our wonderful local cats, hawks and owls, all of whom provide the BEST way to kill rats and mice?
First of all a message to all the kind people providing food to their local feral population, do NOT put food out and keep it out. Put it out at specific times in the day and pick up whatever the cat doesn’t eat. That food attracts other creatures as well. Cats will know when the food is coming especially if you call them everytime.
We also discourage the use of glue traps as it is a particularly cruel and inhumane, time consuming way to kill a rodent. The mouse runs onto it, sticks, and is terrified while its struggles to escape. It will either die slowly of dehydration or starvation. The traps can rip off fur and skin while they struggle, and rodents have attempted to chew through their own limbs to get free. Other animals can get trapped on it as well.
There is now a popular, new and effective trap that is being used by responsible residents. An electric trap. Small box with lure at back. Only mice and rats can fit in and are immediately zapped. More humane and less messy than the old fashioned snap traps. Just google electric rat traps.
Here are some websites that give excellent instruction on ways to discourage rodents from visiting at all including the use peppermint oil - Add 20-30 drops of peppermint essential oil to each cotton ball and lay strategically around your home. Refresh every week or so, or whenever you notice the smell is fading.) Did you know rodents hate to cross aluminum foil?
SeniorAdvice.com has just announced a new $2,000 scholarship for high school and college students...
Established in August of 2008 by writer, artist Dianne V. Lawrence, The Neighborhood News covers the events, people, history, politics and historic architecture of communities throughout the Mid-City and West Adams area in Los Angeles Council District 10.
When it comes to families with LGBT youth, we often find that fathers are the last to know about their children’s sexuality or gender identity. With the prevalence of masculinity in our society, sometimes we assume that dads just aren’t going to accept their LGBT children.
But that’s not always the case, as Joe, a dad of a transgender son explains in a wonderful video interview. Joe discusses how his son Penel expressed his male gender identity from an early age by rejecting dresses, wanting to wear his hair short, to even disliking pants with pink stitching — on the inside of the pants.
Eventually Joe spoke with Penel and said, “Hey, Penel, Mom is telling me that you want me to call you a boy, but I need to hear that from you. And Penel said, ‘Dad, I’d like you to call me a boy.'” And Joe did.
“At that point it wasn’t really a hard decision because, to me, what difference does it make if I want to call you a boy or a girl?” Joe said. “I want you to feel that I’m confident in you and that I love you.”
Though Joe worries about outside influences on his son, he wants to instill confidence in his son to stand up for himself.
He added, “The one thing I want Penel to always know is that I am always here and his family’s always here. And no matter what happens, no matter how hard things get, I’m always here and he’s always great. That’s happiness to me.”
Not only is it wonderful to see a father accept his son so freely for who he is, but videos such as this can be very helpful and encouraging for other fathers who may be experiencing their child coming out for the first time whether it be as transgender or LGB.
Sign up for The Next Family newsletter for the latest news, articles and a chance to win a weekly giveaway.
文字として、漢字は中国で生まれ、形式や技法が「書法」として受け継がれ、やがて文字を持たなかった日本に伝来し、漢字が母国語の表記に取り入れられ、後に仮名文字や、和様の書として、独自の知性と美の文化が生まれました。やがてその文字文化は、精神性に重きをおく「書道」となり、現在まで長きにわたり日本人の根幹を支え、共に継承し、日本の芸術「書」、そして、自身をわすれない、「書」であり、創意を忘れない「書」へ歩み進んでいます。
Discover the smarter way to get all of the high-end devices you want and the network you need, for less. Visit us today at 404 Auburn Way S in Auburn, or give us a call at (253) 737-5473.
Need to get out of the rotisserie chicken rut? Kicking the mundane meal habit calls for a healthy repertoire of recipes and the best ones require a single pan. Skillet, a new cookbook by Anna Helm Baxter boasts over 70 scrumptious one-pan recipes, each complete with both ingredients and finished dishes beautifully photographed in large format. From Vegetarian dishes (Spanakopita Pie) and Fish and Seafood meals (Israeli Couscous Paella) to Meat and Chicken (Roasted Coq au Vin Style Chicken) and Pasta (Deconstructed Lasagne), you'll find quick and delicious meals for any night of the week. She even includes a chapter on decadent Desserts (Pear Tarte Tatin or Gooey Brownies, anyone?).
The following recipe is for light and tender Fried Ricotta Dumplings with a Garlic Caper sauce. These heavenly little pillows, delicately seasoned with Parmesan and fresh basil, are super simple to make, yet the recipe does require the dumpling dough to rest in the freezer for 4 hours, so give yourself time. Once the dumplings are sufficiently chilled, preparing this dish is easy peasy. These sublimely delicious dumplings will melt in your mouth! (Note: substitute with gluten-free flour if necessary).
Combine both cheeses, the egg, chopped basil and ½ teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Sift over 65 g (2 ¼ oz) flour and gently mix. Transfer to a floured surface, sift over the remaining flour and knead to make a soft dough. Divide into four pieces and roll each piece into a long rope about 2 cm (¾ in) thick. Cut into 3 cm (1 ¼ in) pieces and transfer to a parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Freeze for at least 4 hours until solid. Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon oil and cook the capers and garlic until light golden brown. Scrape into the bowl. Return the pan to the heat. Working in two batches, heat 1 tablespoon oil at a time and cook the frozen dumplings for 2 minutes per side until golden brown. Top with the caper mixture, reserved basil and drizzle with oil.
Recipe excerpted with permission from Skillet by Anna Helm-Baxter, published by Hardie Grant Books October 2018, RRP $19.99 hardcover.
So as I mentioned above, the local atmosphere, well-known by Cecchi Gori comedies, met us immediately at the airport – police control with those adorable charismatic carabinieri (I couldn’t decide what was more caricature their film or real life versions : ), the info-point in the airport (which is btw the most important spot there – otherwise you’ll have no idea how to get out and where), the ticket office with no tickets and the bus driver with no tickets again! But let me tell you all this in order.
We were very kindly informed by the tourist helpdesk how to get to Tropea (just as to any other town along the coast-line), here is the secret itinerary:
take a bus (shuttle) from the airport to Lamezia Terme Centrale – price 1,5 EUR/person, it takes only 1 stop to the central railway station
take the train with a direction to Rosarno – your stop might be Vibo Marina, Pizzo, Perghelia, Tropea or anything southern – our tickets to Tropea costed 4,2 EUR/person – it takes around 40 min to the destination. Keep in mind, the train goes every 2 hours approximately! A very good schedule can be found here
the bus stays just right side when you exit the airport, no need to cross the road (those are intercity buses)
I asked for two tickets from the driver, and what do you think, he says he has no tickets left, buy from the ticket office. Non ho! No bighlietti! Finito! Being a very easily inflammable creature I start to shout using all the Italian lexicon I carry in my poor head, pointing out that the ticket office lady told she doesn’t have, but you do. He continues: ‘Anche io’. I continue yelling till the moment I understand that all he means is: I have no tickets, so just get inside and stop wasting my time. I swear he never told it this way, and probably you should be an Italian to take it easy and get the point without going into loud tones!
We arrived to the central station and bought tickets in the ticket machine (I had enough of human interaction for a while). In an hour we were at Tropea station, leading to the hotel using my best friend in trips – google.maps 
NB: If you go for an Airbnb accommodation agree on a pickup with the owner – it won’t cost you more than 10 EUR, but it’s worth because the sidewalks are not the best fit for rolling suitcases.
NB: if you are about to rent a car take full insurance package! Locals (for some weird reason) enjoy ripping radio antennas from rental cars. The antenna costs around 6 EUR, but the rental company will try to charge you as much as possible. So come to the airport drop off point well in advance to have time for some ‘scandale italiano’ 
Car rental is a very good idea if you are about to stay outside the crowded touristic part – in a resort or country house – or going to explore the real Italian part of the province which starts just some 5 km up in the hills above Costa degli Dei, but is reachable only by car. Other than that, you can easily cover the coastal part using public transportation (train).
Back to District 205 Board of Education District Departments District Opportunities Parent Links Schools Contact District 205 Calendars
Hawthorne 4th graders learn about the value of native plants and how to protect our ecosystems by removing invasive species.
This fall, 4th grade students at Hawthorne School learned about invasive species as part of their science unit on ecosystems.
On October 20th, Lindsay Darling, ecologist at the Morton Arboretum, taught 4th graders about burning
bushes, an invasive plant that, when its’ seeds are dispersed, can thrive in local forests and block out growth of native species that support wildlife. Two weeks later on November 5th, the 4th graders assisted staff and parent volunteers in removing the eight burning bushes that were planted in the Hawthorne Outdoor Classroom.
Hawthorne School is dedicated to supporting the health of our native ecosystems including the butterflies, birds and other wildlife that live here.
For any further information please visit their website directly by clicking here .... CEC Admissions Homepage
White French Country Bedroom Furniture French Bedroom Set White French Bedroom Furniture Bedroom Cute White French Provincial Bedroom Set French Provincial French Country White Headboards Bedroom Furn – edocka
White French Country Bedroom Furniture French Bedroom Set White French Bedroom Furniture Bedroom Cute White French Provincial Bedroom Set French Provincial French Country White Headboards Bedroom Furn
french country white headboards bedroom furniture small images of,french country bedroom furniture style white headboards,french country white headboards bedroom furniture direct,french country white headboards bedroom furniture refresh blog home , white farmhouse bedroom furniture modern french country headboards,french country white headboards bedroom furniture distressed vintage hand painted,country bedroom furniture style set french white headboards, country style bedroom furniture sets white french cottage s headboards, french country dresser antique white provincial bedroom headboards furniture, french country bedroom as oak furniture ideas white headboards.
Looking for photography classes in Enterprise MS? No matter if you are a hobbyist, professional, or beginner, the most effective approach to improving your photography abilities is through hands-on classes with knowledgeable instructors.
There are numerous accredited and recognized photography schools in Mississippi. Subjects covered in photography classes include lighting, exposure and composition, posing and unposing, portrait capture, and other photography fundamentals. Growing into an experienced photographer can pave the road to a lifelong hobby or a prosperous professional career.
Are you ready to take photography classes in Longmeadow MA? No matter if you are a beginner, hobbyist, or professional, the most effective way to improve your photography skills is through hands-on training with professional instructors.
Massachusetts features many accredited and recognized photography schools. Photography classes cover topics such as portrait capture, exposure and composition, lighting, posing and unposing, and other photography fundamentals. Being an experienced photographer can result in a lifelong hobby or a booming professional career.
Comparing springtime ice-algal chlorophyll a and physical properties of multi-year and first-year sea ice from the Lincoln Sea - ePIC
Comparing springtime ice-algal chlorophyll a and physical properties of multi-year and first-year sea ice from the Lincoln Sea
With near-complete replacement of Arctic multi-year ice (MYI) by first-year ice (FYI) predicted to occur within this century, it remains uncertain how the loss of MYI will impact the abundance and distribution of sea ice associated algae. In this study we compare the chlorophyll a (chl a) concentrations and physical properties of MYI and FYI from the Lincoln Sea during 3 spring seasons (2010-2012). Cores were analysed for texture, salinity, and chl a. We identified annual growth layers for 7 of 11 MYI cores and found no significant differences in chl a concentration between the bottom first-year-ice portions of MYI, upper old-ice portions of MYI, and FYI cores. Overall, the maximum chl a concentrations were observed at the bottom of young FYI. However, there were no significant differences in chl a concentrations between MYI and FYI. This suggests little or no change in algal biomass with a shift from MYI to FYI and that the spatial extent and regional variability of refrozen leads and younger FYI will likely be key factors governing future changes in Arctic sea ice algal biomass. Bottom-integrated chl a concentrations showed negative logistic relationships with snow depth and bulk (snow plus ice) integrated extinction coefficients; indicating a strong influence of snow cover in controlling bottom ice algal biomass. The maximum bottom MYI chl a concentration was observed in a hummock, representing the thickest ice with lowest snow depth of this study. Hence, in this and other studies MYI chl a biomass may be under-estimated due to an under-representation of thick MYI (e.g., hummocks), which typically have a relatively thin snowpack allowing for increased light transmission. Therefore, we suggest the on-going loss of MYI in the Arctic Ocean may have a larger impact on ice–associated production than generally assumed.
Contact now for our Experienced professional car locksmith services at the lowest prices from the sector!
Double cylinder deadbolts are thought of more secure mainly because they demand a crucial on both equally the inside and outside but additionally pose a safety hazard while in the occasion of the emergency. Some housing codes in America will not allow for this form of deadbolt, specifically on rental housing.
It is actually frequent for individuals to carry the set of keys they need for their each day things to do all around with them, frequently connected by a keyring, which can be adorned by trinkets, usually generally known as a keychain.
A lever lock is designed up of a set of 'levers' (usually in between two and 8) that happen to be elevated to distinctive heights by The crucial element when it is actually turned. Once all the levers are moved to the proper height, the locking bolt is free to slip throughout and safe the doorway.
If the Ford keys are misplaced and you simply don’t Possess a pink grasp essential, don't have any concern. The Auto Locksmith can still deliver substitute Ford keys, correctly programmed to your vehicle, with out your needing to go everywhere or do anything at all apart from await The Auto Locksmith mobile device to achieve you.
These locks aren't developed to withstand a substantial number of power, although, and will generally be accompanied by A different kind of lock when applied on exterior doors.​
The difference between a regular locksmith plus a specialized locksmith for cars is quite simple: most car locksmiths are initially qualified as standard locksmiths after which you can prefer to specialize in car or truck lock and important troubles. Being an auto keysmith is without doubt one of the greatest demand from customers fields during the locksmith job and as a result, the training and qualification prerequisites are incredibly superior. They need to know the interior workings of auto locks for almost all kinds of car would make designs.
In many scenarios the place a vehicle fitted with the immobiliser has become stolen, the thief experienced use of the first key. Only all over one particular in 4 try this website stolen vehicles are stolen by Experienced burglars. Many vehicles are stolen by opportunistic intruders relying on obtaining older vehicles which have ineffective protection or none in the least.[citation wanted]
A Maison critical program is usually a keying technique that allows a lock being opened with several one of a kind, personal keys.[seventeen] Maison key programs in many cases are found in apartment developing widespread parts, like most important entrance or a laundry area exactly where personal residents can use their very own condominium vital to obtain these locations.
Never DO THIS. The even more you press the damaged piece in to the lock, the more difficult Will probably be to eliminate, plus some solutions may well not operate in the least if the key is lodged way too deeply inside the lock.
We team Stay customer support agents to cater to your needs everytime you call. Our knowledgable customer service Associates are properly trained to reply quite a few of the queries. You should You should not be to specialized though, let us leave that aspect out for the Experienced and Qualified Amerikey locksmiths.
For anyone who is locked outside of your vehicle, phone roadside support 1st When you've got it. You will find plans with an index of pre-permitted locksmiths to unlock vehicles.
Duplicating keys by this method is much more labor powerful and calls for to some degree much better educated staff. Nonetheless, keys manufactured During this manner have clean margins and the depth of your notches are not subject to have on induced variations encountered when intensely worn keys are duplicated using a sample grinder.
​A furnishings lock just isn't a lot a certain type of lock as This is a classification of comparable locks. These locks are predominantly located on desks, submitting cabinets, even sliding glass doors. There's two significant kinds of household furniture locks: the bolt fashion try these out and the drive button design and style.
The Blue Elephant Brigade :: View topic - I have a fever and the only prescription is more catch all!!
Posted: Fri Mar 25, 2005 10:58 am Post subject: I have a fever and the only prescription is more catch all!!
We live in an amazing, amazing world, and it's wasted on the crappiest generation of spoiled idiots. -- Louis CK
We are going to have to stick a pin in a map, set fire to something and carry on until the earth looks flat! -- RandyMac
I could teach you to how file a washer to make it worth a nickel but if you really want to make big bucks just take a penny and drill a hole in it and it becomes a washer and is worth a dime. -- Art Martin, Old-Time Logger
i was looking around at different tranlators and found this awesome site for japanese to english with these two great flash videos. trust me just watch them both.
"Awareness" just means you're conscious while the buggering takes place. We need awareness and murderous revenge.
No doubt. For those of you who don't know him, imagine yourself in a conversation about something you love....say Gaming. Now imagine this conversation with someone that makes you desperate for a way out of the conversation. So desparate you would even Volunteer for Work!!
It's been quite an experience. We've all learned a lot. For example, don't try to build a disco floor in your lounge; it will consume your life. Now there's a lesson they don't teach in any class. We do believe our dorm lounge is probably the coolest in the world. If not, it's at least the most complicated. As far as we know, there is no mention on the internet of anyone home brewing a dance floor of anywhere near this complexity. There's probably good reason for that.
Call us from United States Australia Denmark Hong Kong Italy Malaysia Netherlands New Zealand Singapore South Africa Sweden Switzerland Argentina Belgium Brazil Canada France Germany Ireland Mexico Spain United Kingdom Uruguay International Toll Call Chile UK - Toll Call AU - Brisbane AU - Melbourne AU - Sydney Others
<p>Book a run of fleet vehicle for a rental length of 36-42 days from Star Drive for travel commence between 21 March and 27 March 2019 and pay a one off set fee. This great offer also includes: a guaranteed new vehicle, up to 4500 free miles, preparation fee, one-way fee, VIP insurance, GPS, all convenience kits (max. occupancy per vehicle 5 PAX) and sales taxes. A great package deal! Please note this offer is only valid for one way travel from Middlebury to Denver / Las Vegas / Los Angeles / New York / Seattle / San Francisco. This special is only available if selected during the booking process online prior to your departure.</p>
Make sure you have DirectX 9.0c installed,and are running a graphics card that supports Pixel Shader 2.0. ))and i have windows 7 with directx 11 its . download the .
Who should use EVA? If you are looking for an application that provides hands-free operation of your phone to open apps, read and reply to text messages and email, schedule calendar events and many more functions that you can perform using just your voice then EVA is right for you.
If you are just looking for an electronic friend to chat with then please go with one of the Siri clones. On the other hand if you want a real virtual assistant that has useful functions that will make your life easier then please give EVA a try.
EVA has all the functions you'd expect your assistant to perform plus some that you probably never new were possible. Here is a list of some of the functions that you wont find in most of the competition:
Home Automation with INSTEON. Turn on the lights and appliances, open the garage door and a whole lot more, all with voice commands or scheduled or based on your location.
Location based actions. Perform any function that EVA can do based on your current location. Have EVA automatically text your wife when you leave the office.
Custom voice shortcuts to your phone applications. Give your apps any name you want and open them using that name.
Voice bookmarks to your favorite web sites. Give your bookmarks any name you want and open them using that name.
Sonic Drive in, Kerrville. Apply sonicdrivein. com/jobs 830-257-3533 Perennial Vacation Club in Bandera hiring Front Office. 6+ Acres with GREAT VIEWS between Kerrville & Harper near Tierra Linda. 9 Rentals includes a Site Built.
Hill Country Cabins and Cottages at Roddy Tree Ranch near Fredericksburg. Hill Country Vacation Rentals and Resort for Texas Family Vacations. Best Hill Country.
Jan 23, 2018 · Reserve a table at Rails A Cafe at the Depot, Kerrville on TripAdvisor: See 499 unbiased reviews of Rails A Cafe at the Depot, rated 4.5 of 5 on.
Vacation rental homes located at Lake Medina. BMT graduates at Lackland AFB or coming in for a family vacation at Sea World and Acquatica here's the home for you! Why pay for a hotel room when you can. Cabin at Family Friendly San Antonio Resort!. 5 Bedrooms, 2.5 Bathrooms, Sleeps 22. House in Kerrville, TX.
KERRVILLE, Texas — A newborn calf in Texas has strikingly similar black-and-white facial markings to KISS frontman Gene Simmons, and the rock star likes their shared look. Simmons’ onstage persona includes face paint, black leather.
Feb 1, 2018 – View the Best cabins with Prices in Fredericksburg. View TripAdvisor’s 287 unbiased reviews and great deals on cottages in Fredericksburg, TX
Explore an array of Texas Hill Country, US vacation rentals, including houses, condos & more bookable online. Choose from more than 6,000 properties, ideal house.
Thelma Belle Noble Hughes, 90, Russellville, died Sunday, July 1, 2012, at River Hills Rehabilitation Center, Kerrville, Texas, of natural causes. Services will be at 1 p.m. Thursday at Dallas Gospel Chapel, Dallas, with the Rev. Timothy.
Delbert Ernest Pierson, age 88 of Lafayette, died Monday, November 14, 2011 in Kerrville, Texas. Born April 1, 1923 in Lafayette, he was a son of the late Albert and Eliza Brown Pierson. Mr. Pierson was a US Marine Corps Veteran,
A guest ranch for your horseback riding vacation or just enjoying nature at it's best. Hill Country Equestrian Lodge in Bandera, Texas offers first class accommodations and boarding for guests horses. Adjacent to State Natural Area for riding, hiking, birding and more!
Donna Gable Hatch Kerrville Daily Times May 20, 2015 0 KERRVILLE, Texas (AP) — Part of the perennial charm of the Kerrville Folk Festival, which begins May 21 at Quiet Valley Ranch, is its devotion to its roots: top-notch live music,
We were very happy with our experience with Great Hawaii Vacations. We had one issue (we were not happy with our Ocean View -.
My Blue Heaven, located at 241 Geoff Wilder Lane is a 30A vacation rental managed by Royal Destinations. My Blue Heaven is one of the largest homes in Water's Edge and just 150 yards to the private beach access. By foot or by bike the town. Layton K. from Kerrville, TX recommends this property. Stayed 7 days in.
Come and enjoy the finest Texas Hill Country vacation rental on the Guadalupe River! We invite you to relax in our part of Hill Country Heaven.
From Business: Enjoy fast and easy car rental with Enterprise Rent-A-Car at our branch in Kerrville, TX. Just one of the 7,200 branches in over 30 countries helping with your car rental needs. Founded in 1957, Enterprise Rent-A-Car is an internationally recognized brand with more than 6,000 neighborhood and airport.
This site also provides an excellent means for finding short term or corporate housing around Kerrville. Arrangements for vacation rentals can be found here saving money over staying at a hotel or motel. RoommateNation can help to fill a vacant room without difficulty. Post rooms for rent, view other profiles, and send.
Apr 14, 2012. Progressive is among a small but apparently growing group of vacation rental owners and management companies adding non-disparagement clauses to their contracts. The agreement that Tom. A few years ago, my GF had to attend a conference at "The Inn of the Hills" in Kerrville, Texas. On the web, it.
Explore an array of vacation rentals, including houses, cabins & more near Boerne, TX bookable online. Choose from more than 202 properties, ideal vacation rental.
KERRVILLE, Texas (AP) — A newborn calf in Texas has strikingly similar black-and-white facial markings to KISS frontman Gene Simmons, and the rock star likes their shared look. Simmons’ onstage persona includes face paint,
We invite you to choose from our unique Hill Country Cabins and Cottages on the Guadalupe River near Kerrville and Fredericksburg. Whether it is for summer camp, a.
Waterfront location on one of the nicest lakes in central Texas. Hot tub, 2 car carport, covered RV parking, great lake views. Boating, fishing and golfing year- round. Lake LBJ Rental Home 3 Bedroom, 4 bath, with almost 3,000 square feet, fully furnished waterfront vacation home for rent on Lake LBJ in Kingsland, Texas.
Holiday Inn Express Boston Area Official site of Holiday Inn Express Boston. Stay Smart, rest, and recharge at Holiday Inn Express – Best Price Guarantee. Official site of Holiday Inn Express Boston. Stay Smart, rest, and recharge at Holiday Inn Express – Best Price Guarantee. Where to stay. The Greater Boston area offers a wide variety of options for overnight accommodations. Whether you're looking for
Hotels In Ascona The perfect region for your holidays between mountain and lake. Trips, congresses, families, small and big events, culture, outdoor excursions, fun and relaxation in. Hotel Casa Berno, Ascona in Ticino, Book Summer Lakes & Mountains Holidays with Inghams. Ecco is the hotel’s signature restaurant specialized in aroma kitchen. A concept for which two other Giardino restaurants in sister properties in
HARD ROCK is a spacious 4 bedroom, 4 bath home! The newly added cabana is perfect for the pool and BBQ area. The spacious living area and kitchen is perfect for.
Jan 31, 2018 – Rent from people in Rio Frio, TX from $20/night. Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with Airbnb.
With the vacation and traveling season coming up, everyone has the s. Read more · Great Like Gatsby · File. With the hottest season and vacations just around the corner, it's time to get in the mood for spectacular celebrations and having a good time. One. Read more · Our Number One Destination in June: Scandinavia !
, we choices the very best libraries having greatest image resolution exclusively for you, and this pictures is usually considered one of pictures series in our ideal graphics gallery in relation to Ideal Mini Fridge and Microwave Stand. I really hope you might think it’s great.
published by simply gos with 2018-04-10 07:25:52. To discover just about all photos in Ideal Mini Fridge and Microwave Stand photos gallery you need to adhere to this specific link.
Everybody loves to photograph. The answer is that professional photographers use effort and all the tricks and tips in their arsenal to create unique pieces of art. There are a few tricks below that photographers will use to get really great quality shots.
There are great photographers you can look to for inspiration. When you see the work of photographers you admire, you will be reminded of the limitless potential for your pictures.
To shoot better photographs, try to stand closer to what you are framing in your shot. Getting as close to your subject as possible gives you more opportunities to highlight the main subject of the photo, and stops the background from ruining your shot. This also better captures facial expression, which is very important in portrait photography. The important thing to remember is that the small details that turn a good photo into a great one are easily missed when you are farther away from your subject.
Framing is a very important aspect of composing a good photo. If an object is distracting from the subject in your photo, remove it from the photograph. Zooming in is an effective way to accomplish this. This method can help eliminate any unnecessary focal points and prevent tons of clutter in your pictures.
When taking pictures, avoid overcast skies. When photographing outdoors, remember that overcast skies can make your photos look muted. Black and white photos can work better if shot on overcast days. If it’s a bright day, however, you should include the sky more readily.
The instant you leave your house when traveling, begin taking photos. You will discover many chances for taking good pictures when you’re at your destination; however, the trip itself should be looked at as a chance to take some original shots. Try documenting your journey. For example, an airport has many wonderful photo opportunities.
Shoot photographs of things that capture your interest. A picture snapped without any particular motive may become important to you later by stimulating your memories and helping you call back the ambiance of your trip. Shoot pictures of small objects like tickets and coins and also larger things like street signs and strange objects in markets.
If you are thinking about becoming a photographer for real, you will need the dSLR. A DSLR camera is the best one to use for taking shots as you can look at them as soon as you snap the photo. Ideally you would get a full framed DSLR camera that gives you the largest image sensor with the highest detailed photographs.
It is important to find the perfect combination between ISO, aperture and shutter speed. These three features are what determine your photo’s exposure. Unless you’re trying for a particular effect, you probably want to avoid taking shots that are over- or under-exposed. Play around with these three settings to see how they work together and which combination will create the most interesting shot.
The position that you use when holding your camera can make a big difference on the quality of your pictures. To keep your grip steady, hold your upper arms and elbows close to your sides and brace your hands at the camera’s bottom and sides. This keeps the shaking to a minimum and your shots will be more clear. With your hands positioned at the underside of the camera and below the lens, it will help prevent accidentally dropping the equipment.
Try to put your models at ease as much as you can, particularly if you are not acquainted with them. Many people feel self-conscious or uncomfortable being put in front of a camera. So be nice, initiate a conversation, then ask them if you could take their picture. Many people need to know that photography is art, instead of an invasion of privacy.
When choosing which of your photos to show others, choose the ones of which you are the most proud. Resist the urge to show people every photo, especially multiple shots of the same person or subject. This will bore people and it is not a good way to showcase your photography skills. Keep it fresh by showing different facets of your photography.
In this digital age it can still be pleasurable to experiment with old fashioned film photography to achieve some different results. Use black-and-white film that has an ISO value of 200 for dramatic photographs. After your pictures have been developed you should have prints made on different types of paper, including those that are made of fiber.
Often a photographer will be so concerned with a landscape background that he neglects the details in the foreground. However, this is the first place the viewer’s eye will land. You can increase the depth appearance of your photo when you shoot the foreground in a way that makes a great striking frame.
Play around with perspectives, expressions, and scale to assess their effect on your pictures. You can make any object artistic when you portray it in a creative way, such as making it appear distorted, or in an unusual location. You will be able to take good pictures of familiar objects by working on the composition.
It is a good idea to experiment with the different features your camera has and also with many angles and colors. An original object is not needed to take a picture that is good quality. A skilled photographer can take even the most overshot subject and create an image which is creative and jaw-dropping. Play around to gain experience and build a style of your own.
Most of the time the subject is looking straight into the camera. Get your subject to look at something to the right or left of the camera for a unique picture. You can also achieve a distinctive look by asking the subject to focus on a person or object within the frame.
Regardless of whether you are pursuing photography as a hobby or career, good composition is the key to taking high quality photos. Like other art forms, if the composition is lacking, the work is not the best it can be. For better shots, practice different ways of composing your photos.
If you are going to be taking a picture of a large group, give them some suggestions on how to wear complementary clothing. It’s not necessary for them to wear colors that match exactly, but it will look much better in the final picture if they are wearing complementary hues. If it’s a natural environment, let them know to wear warm colors or a more neutral shade of clothing. If your subjects prefer bright colors, suggest that they also wear black to balance out your photo.
Look around for good subjects for your photos, any time you are on the road. Looking at postcards can give you some great ideas. Many postcards feature attractions, sights of interest, and other relevant subjects that you can shoot while you’re in the area.
Take your photos as quickly. You can never tell how fast that fleeting moment will flee, so always be ready for it. Expressions can change, animals will run away, and the mood you associate with a landscape can disappear. Don’t worry about perfecting the settings if it means risking losing a good shot.
When you are photographing a landscape, your photos need to be composed with three distinct and important planes of focus. These three include a background, a mid ground and foreground. This technique of composition is well-established in many forms of visual art, and photography is certainly among them.
Use the manual white balance when taking your photographs. This is an easy way to get a more professional looking photo. It takes a while to learn exactly what looks the best, but using this feature will allow more creativity to come through in your photos.
Whether looking at a natural scene or one you have set up, including repetitious patterns will give a rhythm to the photo and add interest. Patterns can make a photo interesting. You can use patterns to your advantage and create backgrounds and interesting angles that enhance your subjects.
Shoot pictures from a variety of angles using different sources of light. Experiment with these techniques beforehand so you’ll be able to visualize how they’ll affect your planned shot.
Experiment with the focus of your camera to see how it affects your photographs. Reduce the f-stop setting to maintain focus on the closer subject. Using a small f-stop number is ideal for portrait photography. On the other hand, a higher f-stop number creates more depth; everything within the frame will appear in focus. This is great for taking a wide landscape shot.
You should be aware of the sharpness of your frame of view at all times. If you are taking a typical picture with typical settings, the center area of the pictures will be the sharpest. As it reaches the outside edge of your camera frame, it can start to become distorted.
You should now practice these tips on your own and see what works best for you. Your pictures will get better with time.
Don’t be in a rush to take the picture. Ask your subjects to pose for you rather than trying to capture moments spontaneously. If you notice that not very many of your photos from family events just are not turning out as well as you would like, it may be because they are all candid photos, or because you had caught someone by surprise. Posing your subject will increase the likelihood you get the shot you want.
I adopted my daughter, Sara, when she was 18 months old. For most of her childhood Sara was a fairly healthy child. Then in late 2014, I noticed a few, small red spots (petechiae) on her upper body. Sara developed a series of spiked fevers. She seemed to recover quickly with overnight rest, but began to take more afternoon naps, which was unusual for her.
In early 2015, right before Sara’s 16th birthday, I received a phone call from the school nurse. Sara had a very high heart rate and was having difficulty breathing. I...
When it comes to leading a healthier life for you and your children, we’ve all heard this generic advice – eat better, exercise more. For some reason, this hasn’t broken my habit of making no-bake cookies whenever I need a sugar fix. Please, don’t tell anyone my secret! I’m board-certified in obesity medicine, and it might hurt my image …
Seriously, all jokes aside (although those cookies are no joke), I’ve sadly seen similar frustrations over and over again from families struggling to help their child get to a...
We’re officially out of summer and into autumn! Labor Day marked the closing of most neighborhood pools and water parks until next year, but swim season in Houston is far from over. In fact, the summer heat will linger for many more weeks. Thankfully, home pools never close. Even though home pools and spas are a wonderful way to beat the Houston heat, they’re not free of danger.
Drowning is the most common cause of injury-related death in children ages 1 to 4, and the majority of these submersion fatalities...
Do you know any of the leading causes of death among children? In the United States, unintentional injury from motor vehicle (car) crashes makes the top of the list. In 2015, approximately 1,346 children under the age of 15 were killed in motor vehicle crashes. That’s more than three children per day.
To make matters more heartbreaking – many of these deaths are completely preventable. In fact, securing children in age- and size-appropriate car seats and using seat belts cuts their chances of serious...
I’m Kennedy Cooper and I have sickle cell disease, or SCD. It hasn’t always been easy, and it hasn’t always been fun, but my job is to tell you everything.
Do you know what SCD is? Let me explain before we get started. To put it simply, SCD is a group of inherited disorders where the red blood cells are sickle-shaped and broken down. SCD can’t be developed, and it’s not contagious. These cells are inflexible and can easily cause . This can bring pain and complications...
minecraft house interior house interior incredible traditional house interior traditional house house interior minecraft modern house interior ideas.
They are offering a 100% match bonus on your first deposit all the way up to £$250/€300/$400! Continue reading “100% Betfred poker signup bonus up to £250/€300/$400!” »
Angels get an enthusiastic write-up from the Archbishop of Canterbury in a new book he has written on the Creed. "Thinking about these mysterious agents of God's purpose, who belong to a different order of being," he writes, "can be at least a powerful symbol for all those dimensions of the universe about which we have no real idea. Round the corner of our vision things are going on in the universe, glorious and wonderful things, of which we know nothing."
... Dr Williams notes that on other occasions too "a human form appears to give a message from God and something in the event tells the people involved that this is a moment of terror and truth, and they recognise that they have met an angel in disguise".
A Dutch creationist has built a replica of Noah's Ark. Every species that has ever existed on Earth was accommodated on this:
Lois Poppema, visiting from California, said she thought the Netherlands was exactly the right place for an ark.
"Just a few weeks ago we saw Al Gore on television .. saying that all Holland will be flooded" due to rising sea levels, she said.
"I don't think the man who made this ever expected that global warning [sic] will become (such an important) issue — and suddenly having the ark would be meaningful in the middle of Holland."
Global warming, eh? Did I mention it's a religion? There's an interesting note in the report, though:
I suppose a swift blow to the back of the head might be the best thing for these particular visitors.
XBubble is an X Window based clone of the famous arcade game Bust-A-Move/Puzzle Bubble. You can play it alone, against an opponent, or even against the computer. It has nice scalable and customizable graphics.
Without a doubt, you can certainly lose weight using low carb diets today. But if you want to reach your target weight, you have to do more than just choose the first low carb diet plan you read about.
It is a good idea to do research on nutrition, plus find the diets that have helped people the most. The following guidelines can help you reach your weight loss goals if you’re on a low carb diet.
Giving up bread and pasta is probably the most difficult thing that people have to do when avoiding carbs. Bread is often the first thing that’s put in front of you whenever you eat in a restaurant.
You need to tell the staff, especially if you go to that restaurant a lot, to not bring you bread every time you arrive. You can also modify your sandwiches in creative ways. It is very easy to avoid bread with your sandwiches. You just have to be creative in what you decide to do. If you’re a pasta lover, consider switching to whole grain rather than white pasta. Even then, of course, you have to watch your portions.
You may find that going on a low carb diet means giving up some of your favorite foods. Since this is a huge problem for most people, sticking with their diet is often an ordeal. Some diets help you avoid this dilemma by giving you one day per week when you can eat your favorite carbs.
In reality, you’re going to keep to your diet plans if you reward yourself, even though it may seem like cheating at first. By getting yourself one high carb day, you must maintain the other six days only eating low-carb foods. And it will prevent you from feeling too deprived, as you always have something to look forward to. This way, you can stay on a low carb diet with a minimum of extreme food cravings.
When you go to a restaurant to eat, this will cause some problems with your low carb diet to some degree. Any place that serves fast food is usually loaded with unhealthy fats and an excessive amount of carbs that you really don’t need.
In today’s world, restaurants will typically work with patrons that want to cut back on the amount of carbs that they eat. Vegetables and potatoes usually come with meat dishes when they are ordered. You can get your steak without bread, and your burger without a bun if you request it.
Be careful with salad bars when you choose this option. If you really want to stick to your diet, then you need to avoid things like potato salad and bread sticks which are readily available.
Now that we have looked at options in regard to low carb diets, you should think about what we have discussed. It is so difficult to avoid great foods like pasta and bread. You also have to avoid potatoes if you want to keep your carb intake to an absolute minimum.
Eventually, your body will become accustomed to fewer carbs, though doing this initially can be rough. If you have goals in mind, then it will be easier to stick with your diet to the end.
Create a page in your admin panel with a little bit of content. Then assign that page to the Text Widget section in the Theme Settings of your admin.
Chinese characters developed grammatically in the country and then it was introduced to Japan. In Japan the characters developed originally with the local aesthetic culture, and Kana or new Chinese characters were born. Sho represents both Chinese and Japanese cultures and spirits. Today sho has been a part of Japanese culture and education and it shows the character of Japanese spirituality.
To be a calligraphy instructor in Tarohei Shoga-in, first you apply to take the calligraphy instructor course and some level examinations. The program contents are based on our basic course, however you are handed more textbooks and required to study deeply about the history of sho. This challenge definitely gives you more intention, more preparation and more attitudes to be an instructor.
This course opens any time, any days, and anybody. Even though you have already had some sho-do experiences, this course gives you some new ideas of sho. Tarohei Shoga-in instructor course helps your dream to be a calligraphy instructor.
There are many types of taking instructor licenses in Japan. We are proud of our calligraphy instructor course because in this course we respect your own personality and style. We won’t push you some particular styles to have a license. Your style is always respected. This is our policy of the calligraphy instructor course.
From Tarohei Shoga-in original textbook, you will learn not only classical style or basic techniques of sho but also the great history of sho including contemporary styles.
When you apply calligraphy instructor course, you decide to take how many times in a month and how to pay the fee (one time or installment). We are always welcome to anybody who are interested in being a calligraphy instructor and this course.
Calligraphy instructor course fee will be depends on how many terms in a month. Please see detail below.
In calligraphy instructor course, you will learn Chinese and Japanese classical characters, such as Kai-sho, Gyo-sho, Sou-sho, Rei-sho, Ten-sho, and Kana, following Tarohei Shoga-in textbooks.
If you do one time paying for the fee, all of the textbooks will be delivered to where you want to receive.
Learning sho requires you to see more yourself and teaching sho requires you to see more others. “Sho mirrors yourself.” Please think carefully before you decide to be a calligraphy instructor. I believe that learning sho and teaching sho make our human qualities develop more and more for the future. Tarohei Shoga-in is the place to do so.
In the basic course, you learn Chinese and Japanese classical characters, such as Kai-sho, Gyo-sho, Sou-sho, Rei-sho, Ten-sho, and Japanese classical style “Hiragana”.
Today various styles are available in Sho-do world. Such as art Sho-do, ink Art, performing Sho-do. Even though they look like contemporary style, they are always to relate to classical style.
In Tarohei Sho-ga-in ink painting class, you are able to challenge various subjects, such as Shan shui, bird and flower painting, landscape, portrait etc..
In Tarohei Sho-ga-in seal course, you will learn the most “mobile” art work, stone seal. It’s available to take this course with your Sho-do or ink painting courses. In this course, you learn and practice by using seal art textbook.
Instructor course: This course is for people who want to be a Sho-do instructor. The program is mostly the same with the basic course, however you are handed more textbooks and required to study deeply about the history of Sho-do.
In the Buddhism painting class, you can learn spirituality of Buddhism, appreciation of Buddhism, and basic concept of Buddhism. Then you create freely with your personal style and expression.
Exhibition TAROHEI NAKAGAWA and MEGUMI NAKAGAWA at St James Cavalier Centre for Creativity, Valletta
20/04/2015 » St Helens Darts Academy . SIDAC SPORTS & SOCIAL CLUB Bude Avenue, Sutton Leach, St. Helens, WA9 4PJ
Выберите категорию: Все Садово-парковое освещение Преобразователи частоты Стабилизаторы напряжения » Стабилизаторы напряжения релейного типа » Стабилизаторы напряжения электромеханического типа » Трехфазные стабилизаторы напряжения Модульное оборудование » Автоматические выключатели »» Авт.выкл 10кА »» Авт.выкл 6кА »» Авт.выкл 4,5кА » Выключатели нагрузки »» 3-рядные »» 4-рядные » Дифавтоматы и УЗО »» 1-рядные »» 2-рядные »» 3-рядные »» 4-рядные » Аксессуары модульного оборудования » Сигнальные лампы модульные » Кнопки модульные » Контакторы модульные » Переключатели модульные Коммутационное оборудование » Выключатели путевые » Реле контроля и управления » Кнопки управления » Контакторы и пускатели » Переключатели » Аксессуары коммутационного оборудования » Посты кнопочные Силовое оборудование » Предохранители, патроны » Выключатели-разъединители, рубильники » Силовые автоматические выключатели » Устройства автоматического ввода резерва АВР » Аксессуары для силового оборудования » Силовые разъёмы Аксесуары для щитов и шкафов » Светосигнальная арматура » Распределительные блоки на DIN-рейку » Сальники » Шины соединительные » DIN-рейки » Розетки на DIN-рейку Электромонтажные изделия » Наконечники, разъемы кабельные, гильзы » Термоусадочные трубки » Хомуты, стяжки кабельные » Пластиковые скобы » Колодки зажимные » Изолента Шкафы,щиты,корпуса,боксы » Пластиковые корпуса, боксы » Металлические корпуса, боксы Электрические удлинители » Бытовые удлинители » Разветвители и переходники » Силовые удлинители » Сетевые фильтры » Провода для бра Элементы питания » Аккумуляторы » Батарейки » Зарядные устройства Светодиодная лента » Светодиодная лента 12V » Светодиодная лента 12V PRO » Светодиодная лента 220V » Светодиодная лента NEONLED » Источники питания 12V (драйверы) » Источники питания 220 V » Контроллеры для RGB лент » Аксессуары Лампы » Светодиодные лампы »» Точечного освещения »» Рефлекторного типа »» Формы "свеча" »» Линейные »» Формы "шарик" »» Формы "груша" »» Капсульного типа »» «Пигми» NLL-T26 » Галогенные лампы » Лампы накаливания » Компактные люминесцентные » Линейные люминесцентные Электромонтажный инструмент и товары для электромонтажа » Губцевый инструмент » Отвёртки » Съёмники изоляции » Пресс-клещи » Отвёртки индикаторы » Товары для электромонтажа Светильники » Административно-офисное освещение »» Накладные настенно-потолочного типа ДПО »» Накладные настенно-потолочного типа ЛПО »» Встраиваемые направленного света »» Встраиваемые светодиодные панели »» Накладные светодиодные панели » Торговое освещение » Промышленное освещение » Прожектооры »» Светодиодные »» Галогенные »» Металло-галогенные » Освещение ЖКХ » Уличное освещение » Бытовое овещение »» Компактные линейные светодиодные »» Компактные линейные люминесцентные »» Накладные декоративные »» Встраиваемые направленного света »» Светильники для растений »» Встраиваемые с цоколем GX53/GX70 »» Встраиваемые диодные панели »» Накладные светодиодные панели »» Настольные »» Ночники »» Декоративные подвесные светильники и патроны » Аварийное освещение » Газонные светильники Электронные аппараты » Беспроводные звонки » Датчики движения » Фотореле » Блоки аварийного питания » Блоки защиты » ЭПРА » Трансформаторы Электроустановочные изделия » Выключатели » Розетки » Рамки » Переключатели Кабельная продукция » Провода соединительные( ПВС, ШВВП ) » Провода установочные (ПуВ, ПуГВ) » Кабели силовые (ВВГ, NUM)
Would you commit a lot of time considering your the teeth? You ought to, because folks observe your the teeth over you may be thinking. In case your dental treatments game needs recommendations, this information will allow you to. We've collected a summary of dental hygiene tips to provide the smartest laugh ever.
Use only mouth wash without any alcoholic beverages. Alcohol for an component can dry the tissues within your mouth. This results in a reproduction soil for that very bacteria you really want to protect yourself from. Alcoholic drinks-free mouth wash is likewise a smaller enticement for the kids and young people seeking to test out when bored to tears.
Floss, floss, floss! Positive anyone brushes their tooth like they're expected to, but how many of them in fact floss. Flossing clears the area involving the the teeth exactly where food items can get caught up and harmful bacteria can distribute. This can also prevent the onset of possible bacterial infections that will take place should you don't floss.
If you consider your the teeth must be whitened, you need to timetable a consultation along with your dental office. Your dental office will inform you on how to clean and floss your tooth efficiently and recommend some items you may use. In some cases, having your teeth cleaned out through your dental practitioner will likely be enough to make them look brighter.
If you acquire toothpaste, you require one particular with fluoride whether it be natural or perhaps not. This can develop tooth durability. Strong pearly whites finally are healthful ones.
Be sure to substitute your tooth remember to brush on a regular basis. Substitute no less than every three or four a few months. Even when the brush nevertheless seems like new, the bristles are probably frazzled. A well used brush is not competitive with more modern toothbrushes. Swapping your toothbrush consistently is an integral part of the dental health.
You shouldn't basically brush the areas of your own the teeth. It's crucial that you clean the gums at the same time, receiving under them to clear out anything at all which is situated there. Teeth cavities which are beneath the gum line are the worst for that reason, you should do all you can to completely clean this region.
Were you aware that the pattern that you simply take in your food products in can be involved in regardless of whether you build oral cavaties? Having sugary food items like cake by itself is a lot worse for your pearly whites, than if you eat this cake right after a dish. Don't consume sweet food items by itself, usually eat them with other food products.
To prevent critical and possible permanent harm to your tooth, never ever use them for any activity apart from gnawing the meals that you take in. You run the danger of cracking or cracking your teeth if you utilize your pearly whites to start a package, move an issue that is caught or break open nutshells.
There are plenty of approaches to far better your teeth's well being, but one is vital. That is certainly sustaining semi-twelve-monthly visits together with your dental office. These visits are used to thoroughly clean your the teeth and conduct examinations. If weakened regions can be found with your teeth, your dental practitioner might fill up these locations to give your pearly whites a lot more security.
Right after being familiar with ways to deal with your teeth, you should certainly apply several adjustments. Let the ideas be your guide, and provide oneself the look you always wanted. Continue to keep studying whatever you can, as well as your tooth will look better as time passes.
We are the leading Discount Dental Plan Company in Clanton, Alabama servicing all of the following zip codes: 35045, 35046
# - 08/24/10 PM Easa Phone System Help I DO have the manual, but it's a lot of reading gibbrish! family owned company that knows panasonic systems right in salem and knows nothing about a running a sub shop so in. 29 Aug should do, they work the other way around (in most circumstances) as far I am also interested in knowing which phones can be utilized to program my Programming Manual for the Panasonic KX-T Easa-Phone. PHONE-MASTER SUPPORT PAGINA. How do I change from ringing mode? KX-T //, Press DAY key or NIGHT Key to change ringing mode. Changing between Automatic Day/Night mode and Manual Day/Night mode. Results 1 - 32 of 32 We will do our best to help you out. $ Panasonic KX-T EASA- Phone Electronic Modular Switching System. Our 30, epicrein.com 5 out of 5 1x Manuals. 2x VB Panasonic EASA Phone System.
Welcome to Scrubs Direct LLC's On-line Store! We are glad you have selected to visit our on-line WebStore. Here you will find the same great selections you can. Scrubs Direct, Statesville, North Carolina. likes. Scrubs Direct sells top brand Medical Uniforms, at the best prices in the Charlotte Metro area. Scrubs Direct LLC, Maplewood, MN. K likes. Twin Cities' best scrubs, uniforms & medical accessories. Location: Woodbury Lakes shopping center.
The best scrub uniforms, Cherokee, Dickies, Wink, Greys Anatomy, Sanita, Dansko, MDF stethoscopes. Located in ST. Paul and Duluth MN. Scrubs Direct provides medical uniforms and accessories. Scrubs Direct in Woodbury, reviews by real people. Yelp is a fun and easy way to find, recommend and talk about what's great and not so great in Woodbury and.
2 reviews of Scrubs Direct "5 starts for customer service, great prices and location Entering the store and being greeted is always a point! I was lucky that I was. 2 reviews of Scrubs Direct "This place has a decent selection of scrubs, from cheap to not so cheap. I found a great pair of scrub pants for $, which is a. 23 Jun Scrubs Direct will officially open their doors to their newest location at the Burning Tree Plaza in Duluth at 10am this morning. The Duluth. Uniforms - Medical in Saint Paul, MN. See business rating, customer reviews, contact information and more. Get directions, reviews and information for Scrubs Direct in Albuquerque, NM.
See what employees say it's like to work at Scrubs Direct. Salaries, reviews, and more - all posted by employees working at Scrubs Direct. 15 Scrubs Direct jobs available in Saint Paul, MN on epicrein.com Store Manager, Custodian, Technician and more!. Get information, directions, products, services, phone numbers, and reviews on Scrubs Direct in Springfield, OH. Discover more Miscellaneous Apparel and. Moovit helps you to find the best routes to Uniform And Scrubs Direct using public transit and gives you step by step directions with updated schedule times for.
download facebook password hacker android, facebook password hacker android, facebook A joke app that makes you look like a Facebook hacker. rate . 0. 17 May How to hack any fb, Gmail,twitter account password in android device free with and without apps without rooting phone and messenger hacking How to Hack Whatsapp - How to Hack an Android phone - Best Free Keylogger apps. This tool is for hacking Facebook accounts! It works really well! You can prank you friends with it! It is actually an joke application, to make fun of your friends!.
If you are just learning about how to hack a facebook account then you should know that there is no First thing you need to do is download the Copy9 App. Hack Facebook passwords directly on your Android or iOS device with our free and easy to use Facebook hacking app. Free download now!. FaceNiff is a top Android hacking app that allows you to intercept and sniff your WiFi network traffic. This tool is widely used to snoop into people's Facebook. 19 Sep Facebook Hacker Pro is a free Android app that helps you to gains access of Download Facebook Hacker epicskateparks.com File (File Size: MB). Download the ☆ Facebook hack password spy at Aptoide now! This application passed the security test for virus, malware and other malicious attacks .
Geek App is a step by step guide that explains different hacking techniques and keeps you updated with latest technology news. This application is equipped. 11 Jun Facebook Hacker Pro is an Android Application created by a group of hackers to hack Facebook accounts simply with a click. All the users. 26 Apr If you need to search for the best Facebook hacker app and stick only to them. Here is a list of 5 of the best Facebook hacker apps available for. To hack Facebook chats, you need a Facebook Messenger Hack App.
A surprising number of people have a professional interest in something they call “kosher comedy.” Now, there’s something compelling about the idea of a God-fearing stand-up, even more so than a pious painter, novelist, filmmaker, or musician. Notwithstanding the plot of Chaim Potok’s My Name Is Asher Lev, you can always paint mountains or abstractions and not encounter any serious second-commandment objections. You can narrate, on the page or on screen, the gender-segregated lives of good people and still pass religious muster. You can sing or even rap about your faith in Hashem, and it doesn’t sound absurd—or, at least, not inevitably so. But comedy is fundamentally irreverent, isn’t it? How can one square that with religion?
The answer, for the most effective of contemporary Orthodox comedians, is that you simply don’t. (more…)
For the past decade or more, American literary critics have been either celebrating a “memoir boom” or wringing their hands about it. Some said the boom was just a marketing campaign, and others wrote it off years ago. But surely the genre’s moment can’t be totally over if the most zeitgeisty character of our day, Hannah Horvath of HBO’s “Girls,” aspires to publish not novels or film scripts, but personal essays.
Web Hosting forum for discussing praise and problems with web hosts, and making recommendations for where to find reliable hosting solutions.
Sign up for email now, and help you save $10 on your own subsequent acquire of $50 or maybe more. This supply is legitimate For brand spanking new subscribers only and will be sent for your electronic mail address shortly.
The natural way, I at times come across myself with no fly I would like. Frequently, by trimming and barbering some flies that I do have, I might make do. (It’s very easy to come up with a spinner out of a dun, one example is, by clipping Vees out from the hackle leading and bottom.)”
The internet is dense and extends to the edge of every feather. Decrease within the pelt would be the chickabou. The best way to describe these feathers is that they're mini marabou. The fibers are comfortable and fluffy like marabou.
Cased caddis are a very important meals source to trout in Shetland lochs. This sample fished along rocky shores or in weed beds is a wonderful imitation.
Lots of individuals ask "what is the greatest feather to make use of for tying wings on my dry flies?" Yrs ago, tyers were in the position to use hen necks. Nevertheless, with hackle growers breeding for lesser and more compact hackle sizes, currently these feathers are way too slender and "dry-fly" like.
The Dunkeld is as regular since they come and it has withstood the test of time. Outstanding tail fly on a floating line.
For 3 several years managing Paul who is head of sculpture at Glasgow faculty of artwork has become checking out Shetland for per week , sleeping in his motor vehicle via the aspect of lochs and catching some exceptionally good fish.
The loch ordie was 1st bought to Shetland about thirty many years in the past by Willie Binns who came upon it in Caithsness. It promptly became 'everyones favorite fly' and as such there are actually a myriad of variants of this really functional pattern at the moment in use in Shetland a array of which is able to be featured listed here.
two, Choose a couple of unfastened turns with the tying silk, keep the tips in the hair While using the thumb and finger on the still left hand, and pull the tying silk down limited. You'll detect the hairs spin across the hook plus the butt finishes will stick out pretty much at proper angles towards the hook, as in Fig. three. Lower off the tip conclusion with the hairs over the dotted line, press the hairs again tightly, use a fall of h2o-evidence lacquer to the base in the hairs along with the hook, and repeat the same means of tying on a little bunch of hair, each time urgent it back again tightly. Recall this is crucial, as the hair need to be as near together as you possibly can to produce a agency, easy, buoyant human body.
Suggestion- Dip it in liquid floatant over the tying bench and keep within a different box to any subsurface patterns. Experiment Together with the retrieve and don't be scared to fish these flies static or sluggish.
ten. Repeat the exact same Procedure as Fig. eleven. Before ending the head place a fall of head lacquer on the butt ends on the hairs to cement them in place, complete by generating a smooth tapered head with the tying silk, acquire three or four 50 percent hitches, paint the head with two or a few coats of lacquer and The work is complete, Except you wish to add jungle cock cheeks, or other combos of feathers. This certainly is finished prior to the head is finished.
Deep in the center from the Northern Ontario wilderness lies an oasis for outdoor lovers and anglers trying to get a definitive Canadian experience. Available only by floatplane, Wilderness North provides a haven for many who choose to reconnect with character. read extra . . .
Fish as Element of a two fly Forged over a degreased leader . Include a sparse deer hair muddler head(don't gink up as it really should slip slightly below the film to maximise the chance of the fish looking at it )and sparse white marabou wing to the above mentioned dressing and you've got the ideal duo of flies to get a caenis hatch.
5. At this time convert the nymph about and tie a bit of gentle grey feather about 1/8" wide through the base, individual the fibers With all the tying silk to type webpage the legs. Now cut a little gentle grey pigeon feather Using the centre quill, as dotted line in Fig. six. Give this a coat of crystal clear lacquer: when dry, tie flat, to the back again from the nymph to variety the 1st set of wings, as in Fig. 7. Slash A different feather and handle the identical way, tie these somewhat ahead of the primary set of wings, and you've got a Dobson Nymph that is quite lifelike in look.
1. Preparation First, check the opening times of the building/structure you wish to shoot and if any permits are necessary. Before heading off to your destination, make sure you know the weather forecast in advance. Nothing is more frustrating than to start your trip in sunshine and arrive to your photo shoot hours later in […]
I’ve taken photographs since I was a child I’ve taken photographs since I was a child, playing with my mother’s inherited Kodak Brownie box camera. I still have that ancient camera, now a family heirloom! As a student, I took a photography option for presentation purposes and learned the basics of developing and printing. Being […]
The Strokes return with a new record on March 21 through Rough Trade, but you won't have to wait that long to hear it. So let's not faff around any more. Here's the link to the website where you can listen to Angles. Let us know what you think about it.
Banish all those terrible memories of The Wonderstuff’s Miles Hunt wearing check shorts, because for once a band can thank their lucky stars they’re from the Midlands. As NME moves its finger of fortune away from (ahem) ‘New Yorkshire’ to Wolverhampton and Coventry, it’s supposedly time for a new movement in 2007.
Alongside bands such as The Enemy and The Twang, Ripchord are one of Wolverhampton’s hottest exports. Having won a BBC Midlands School of Rock competition last year, the foursome’s teenage dreams and feather haircuts have stayed intact since catching the ear of the man behind the UK indie guitar renaissance and 1965 records, James Endeacott.
Fortunately for them, it’s all tight, jangly stuff that recycles the now exhausted Libertines formula of toe-tapping chanties thanks to an off-beat ska rhythm playing under a tingling melody. Singer Phil Wallbank certainly sets himself up as a charismatic frontman, stating "if you meet me on the street, be aware of what I’ll do". The verses have a buzz of energy that’s undeniable but the chorus is delivered with such a nasal strain. It’s neither threatening nor engaging, and instead is reminiscent of Paul Heaton circa The Housemartins.
As the band’s first proper statement to the world, they’ve come away from the recording studio with a clean, inoffensive debut that didn’t require blood or guts to be spilled.
Having emerged through a hail of fanfares just over a year ago with the incessantly catchy 'Put You In Your Place', the tide is starting to turn for The Sunshine Underground. _Or_, to pose the question more succinctly: am I the only person who feels distinctly underwhelmed by this lot?
Packed with promise and a healthy use of cowbells and bass lines, the early signs were that The Sunshine Underground looked set to be the UK's answer to Radio 4 and The Rapture – their hybrid of punk, funk and rock might just create a new dimension for up-and-coming bands to aspire to.
Sadly, one listen to 'Borders' dispels that myth quite adversely and only points at what cynics were probably whispering under their breath as long ago as December 2005: The Sunshine Underground are merely just another ‘indie’ band without ambition.
Dr. Silvia Grossi-Stone graduated in 1984 from the University of Buenos Aires, Argentina. Her love of animals and her vocation towards medicine led her to becoming a Veterinarian. She completed her internship in Colorado and is licensed in both California and Washington. Dr Grossi-Stone worked in Seattle for 16 years prior to moving to California in 2002. Her compassion and unique understanding of animals have made her a very successful doctor. Her special interests are dermatology, endocrinology, reproduction, soft tissue surgery and animal rehabilitation. She is fluent in spanish and her hobbies include cooking, gardening, reading, skiing, horse back riding, boating and the beach. She lives in Orange County with her husband, four children, two Havana-poo dogs named Roxy and Malibu, miniature Dachshund mix Lila, and horses Solana(Fox trotter) and Sophie (Arabian)
Lauren is Dr Silvia's daughter, she is working for our practice this summer. She is a business major at CSU San Marcos with an interest in Psychology and interior Design/Fashion. Lauren loves all animals especially dogs and horses. She is excited to be part of our team this summer helping with patients, updating Facebook & Instagram and managing the office.
Ever since Marina can remember animals have been her passion. She has worked with and cared for a wide variety of animals throughout her life and career as a veterinary assistant. From peacocks, potbelly pigs, and rabbits to horses, cats and dogs, she loves them all. She recently moved back to Orange County where she grew up, after spending several years on the central coast. While attending school in Monterey California, Marina had the opportunity to complete clinal hours at the SPCA Wildlife Center, which provided her the amazing experience of working with birds of prey, and many other magnificent wild creatures. Marina also has a deep love and appreciation for the outdoors. She enjoys backpacking, camping, reading and gardening. On the weekends she usually hits the trails with her pups or her horse. Marina's little critter family includes her three dogs, horse, cat and African Senegal parrot. She hopes her love for animals and nature will cultivate a more compassionate world for all creatures, where all animals are treated with compassion and respect.
Cindy is a California State University, Fullerton graduate with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration. She studied a year abroad in Tuebingen, Germany, which earned her a minor in German.She is also a mother of two teenagers living in Orange County, not far from where she was born and raised. Animals have always been a part of Cindy’s life. Her love for animals ranged from horses, a hamster, a cockatiel, and extended to fostering dogs through a few local pet rescues. Currently, she has one former foster dog, Tuscany, and four Minirex rabbits. She enjoys being part of a veterinary practice that desires to treat each pet with individual care and dignity. On her off days, she enjoys bike riding, traveling, going for walks, horseback riding and watching sunsets at the beach.
We will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule. Request an appointment today! Same day appointments can only be scheduled by phone.
Although fainter now, Comet C/2001 Q4 (NEAT) will pass through the bowl of the Big Dipper this month, making it easier for novice comet seekers to find it. That also provides the perfect excuse to linger longer in the dipper, surely the most well-known group of stars in the heavens.
If you get binoculars out to spy the comet, it's easy to find other intriguing jewels and surprising quirks in the big pot with the long handle.
Please note that the writer of the following is not a native English speaker. Also note that we offer it with the caveat that it sure sounds like bunkum to us: a bit of truth and a lot of nonsense. What's scary is that this is making the rounds among some semi-scientific circles... Note particularly that the writer seems to advocate the "ETs as "good guys" hypothesis and that they will smack us only because they "love us." Yeah, right.
As there is fast approaching 29 September 2004: calculated by astronomers more than a decade ago fateful moment of most close during entire century approach to Earth of "doomsday asteroid 4179" Toutatis (named by its influenced by ‘mystic apprehensions’ discoverers after dreaded God of Death of ancient Celts), there is activated discussion between informed members of Global Leading Edge community what this approach does portend to inhabitants of Earth.
In Russia there exists an influential group of "politically active Inner Space explorers" (called "The Internal Predictor of Russia", allegedly supported by certain government agencies) which is seriously concerned about possible results of this approach; - which might, in their opinion, bring global-scale disaster similar to that which had destroyed remains of Atlantis about 11 500 years ago.
This opinion is shared by a group of scientifically advanced opponents of unlimited spreading of technologies for production of "free energy" (especially of "free vacuum energy"); - which are basing thei r arguments on data extracted by numerous explorers of Akashic Archives: such as E. Cayce & various authors mentioned by Sh. Andrews in her book "Atlantis: Insights from a Lost Civilization" from ‘Akashic Archives’ of past Atlantean supercivilization.
(However, - as believe competent Russian Inner Space explorers, - most valuable data were obtained in ‘30s-‘40s in Nazi Germany by large highly disciplined & trained team of Ahnenerbe psychics; - which got direct order of Himmler to put as much efforts as possible into psi-investigation of Atlantean technologies of "ultimate extermination".)
According to their version, final destruction of (situated in the region of present Bermuda Triangle) Atlantean metropolis, - which happened about 11 500 years ago, - was brought about by precisely aimed strike of medium-sized "killer asteroid"; - which had been directed at its target by antigravity drives (upgraded variants of Podkletnov’s disk) of battleships of Galactic Spacefleet, which were stationed around Earth.
(Thus data of astronomical calculations made on basis of laws of "conventional" Celestial Mechanics, - which demonstrate that Toutatis, during its coming approach, will pass at a considerable distance (about 1 million of miles) away from Earth, - may be not relevant in this case; - because Toutatis’ trajectory could be "corrected" by ETs - at such moment when it’ll be already too late to rep el it with the help of nuclear missiles or using other methods requiring considerable preparation time.
Besides, use of, eg, controlled from Earth via radiochannels nuclear missiles for defelection of asteroids’ trajectories, - as proposed E. Teller, - might be conterproductive in case of "ET- guided killer asteroids"; - as such missiles could be intercepted by highly technologically advanced ET operators – and directed back to Earth - as it happened with some of Mars probes.)
Destruction of Atlantis hadn’t been an act of unprovoked wanton cruelty (says "official version", received by Russian contactees during seances of mental communications with ETs): this drastic action was undertaken (like US intervention into Iraq) only after numerous warnings & ultimatums; - which demanded Atlantean government to stop unauthorized by Galactic experts research in area of vacuum energies (cf. "Iraqi WMD research").
As said Galactic Ultimatum, "in absence of proper precautions – which could be based only on profound theoretical knowledge about Structure of Universe (which Atlantean scientists did not possess, in opinion of Galactic experts) – blind clumsy tamperings with powers of Cosmic Magnitude could bring disaster of Universal scale, damaging protective armour of vacuum which protects fragile body of physical Universe fr om unimaginable fury of Cosmic Fire".
Regretfully, weak government of decaying Atlantean Empire could not resist concentrated pressure of "populistically oriented partisans of unlimited energy"; – whose tempting (as proposals of con men) slogans of the type: "Unlimited Energy of Space for (limitlessly multiplying: T. Malthus/G. Hardin) starving masses" were enthusiastically supported by uneducated massess, organically incapable to foresee long-term consequences of such decisions. (Russian "ET climate expert" Dr Karnaukhov says that these "partisans of unlimited energy" were abetted & secretly guided by ‘Luciferites’: descendants of fugitives from Venus; - which had been transformed into incandescent hell by careless experiments wi th "free energy" of its former ‘less than truly intelligent’ inhabitants – which, in spite of their technological achievements, lacked common prudency.)
As writes an eminent American climatologist A. Bates in his publ. in ’90 popular book "Climate in Crisis" (with Foreword by Al Gore, Dr Bates’ school friend), this situation is being repeated now with striking similarity.
Thus, - with much regret, as They dislike very much to use physical violence (or at least such is Their official position: cf. official position of US Government Re Iraq), - Representatives of Galactic Government were forced to take recourse to "ultimate arguments" in o rder to save Earth & Universe from "terrible consequences of reckless actions inspired by aggressive ignorance".
"A loving parent might slap a child playing with hand grenade, when there isn’t enough time to act gently" – thus was explained this ancient drama in psi-messages of "Public Representatives of Galactic Government" to Russian ET contactees.
(As a proof of Their basically good intentions Galactic Messengers named the fact that Their spaceships on sentry duty around Earth had no special armaments; - so use of antigravity generators of spacecraft engines for aiming of "killer asteroid" was an ad hoc/last moment improvisation.
Schematic drawings of disk-based antigravity generators which formed key components of engines of Galactic spacecraft are presented on Figs. 22 & 23 of "Two-Thirds" by D. Percy & D. Myers; Aulif Publ., London, 1993.
It’s easy to see similarity of these ET devices to widely publicized after 1999, - see, eg, in publ in 2000 "Hunr for Zero Point" by N. Cook & an article "Going Up" by D. Cohen in 12 Jan 2002 issue of "New Scientist", - disk-based "antigravity generator" of Russian inventor Dr. E. Podkletnov; - which is regarded by experts of US NASA as a possible prototype of drives of interstellar spaceships of the F uture.)
Already in ’96 in St Petersburg Leading Edge magazine "Terminator" there was published my proposition to organize in 2004: "the Year of Advent of Hell on Earth", as say Prophecies of The Great Pyramid (see, eg, in J. Michell’s "A new View over Atlantis" & other sources) Global Internet-based Meditation for the Defence of Earth from Space Threat.
This Meditation will allow to increase the level of inner coherency of Global Psi-Field; - transforming it into an "active psychotronic shield of Earth Defence", - impenetrable both to "gross physical" (such as asteroid strike) & "subtl e level" (such as chaotic turbulent energies of ‘Photon Belt of Pleiades’) attacks.
(In published in ‘30s works of Russian Spiritual teachers N. & H. Roerich and G. Gurdjiev it was said that similar techniques of Defence of Earth from frequent then attacks of "space pirates" were used by ancient global supercivilization whose metropolis was situated in then free from ice Antarctica.
Using ‘Energy of Big Bang’, - which this advanced civilization could extract through ‘South Polar hypertunnel/Time Machine’, - they could transform near-Earth vacuum into a kind of impenetrable ‘vac uum chain mail’: cf. picture on p. 76 of Feb. ’94 issue of "Scientific American".
Also, this energy could be concentrated into sharply focussed psychokinetic ray of irresistible power, capable to repel even most heavily armed spaceships of cosmic aggressors.)
In this connection it might be instructive to mention here data of psychics which are investigating the history of extermination of Martian civilization. Majority of explorers of Akashic Archives of Solar System agree that it was destroyed by a frontal hit of large asteroid, which tore away in a few seconds Martian atmosphere. Russian psychics say that this "killer asteroid", - which had been teleported via hyperspace by profe ssional team of "ET planet killers", - has emerged into "conventional space" in front of Mars just a few fractions of second before impact.
Because of this possessing advanced enough defensive technologies Martians, - which, however, hadn’t yet established reliable enough "Predictor Service", capable to warn them timely about coming threats, - were unable to take necessary measures of self-protection.
Collating data presented in abovementioned "Two-Thirds" & "The Montauk Project" by P. Nichols & P. Moon (Sky Books, 1992), it’s possible to conclude that Martians tried (and almost succeeded – before they were exterminated) to instal inside The Great 5-sided Martian Pyramid (called ‘The Tor’ in "Two-Thirds") so-called ‘Aspis Crystal’; - whose purpose was to defend entire Solar System from unauthorized interventions from outside through altering of ‘crystal lattice of vacuum’ – which’ll become impenetrable to ‘enemy spacecraft’.
(As was demonstrated on abovementioned picture from "Sci. Am.", this crystal lattice has "multispiral" structure resembling that of quartz – or of created with the help of advanced ET nanotechnologies "magic crystal" mentioned in SF novel of f. DIA officer M. Caidin "Dark Messiah").
As guess Russian explorers of history of Martian civilization, Martians’ efforts to realize this project had provoked their extermination; - as "kangaroo court" of said space pirates (which called itself by nobly sounding title of "Government of Galactic Federation") naturally was against this.
Here may be drawn parallels with (unsuccessful, in this case) attempts of British government in 18th century (and later) to thwart gaining of independence by British colonies in America.
In ‘80s Spiritual Guru of Pentagon Meditation Club the late Swami Satchidananda put forward the plan of Spiritual Defence I nitiative, based on creation, – with the help of Global Meditation, - of impenetrable "shield of Spiritual Defence" around entire Earth; - which could prevent attacks of both inner & outer Enemies of Earth, - repelling both nuclear missiles launched by "rogue states" & "killer asteroids" directed by space aggressors.
Such Meditations of Global Defence may be organized, using "Internet-upgraded variant" of developed in ‘70s by Russian defence-oriented psi-explorers computer-aided technique of precise intersynchronization of psi-fields of crews of naval & spaceships.
(Such intersynchronization, - allowing to form "group mind" o f ships’ crews, - helped to increase survival abilities of these ships in emergency/battle situations; - increasing efficiency of crewmembers’ teamwork & raising the level of captain’s precognitive ability.)
Dr Sergeyev: director of Special Advanced Research Group of f. Soviet Navy which had developed these techniques, used in his work research materials of an eminent Russian Inner Space explorer Dr. Barchenko: director of opened in ’25 first in the world government-sponsored psi-research lab; - who had developed, already in ‘20s-‘30s, efficient designs of collective meditations, - whose purpose was establishing of psi-contact with Ascended Masters of Shamballa & advanced cosmic civil izations.
(Hints about these designs - also used by members of Dr Sergeyev’s group - can be found in books of Roerichs’ Teachings. It’s said that Dr Barchenko was ‘telepathically assisted’ in his work by Masters of Shamballa: Spiritual Capital of Earth; - which was called in books of Roerichs "military camp of armed Defenders of Earth".)
After beginning of "perestroika", - when heretofore top secret materials of Dr Sergeyev’s research were partially declassified, - he addressed to his colleagues in other countries (which were aware of his work thanks to ‘70s "international psychotronic bestseller": known to all members of global psi-research community book of S. Ostrander & L. Schroeder "Psychic Discoveries behind The Iron Curtain") with proposition to use developed by his group collective computer-aided ESP training technologies for fast training of entire human crew of endangered Spaceship Earth in difficult but necessary art of Defence of our Common Global Home.
A large meteor may have been what residents in Oklahoma, Texas and parts of the south-central United States saw Wednesday night, officials said.
The National Weather Service said it had received numerous reports of a fireball in the sky around 9:30 p.m. from central and southwestern Oklahoma to northern Texas and other parts of the South.
After discussions with the Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency, the weather service said officials concluded that what residents saw was likely a large meteor.
John Clabes, a regional spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration, said there were no reports of missing aircraft in the area.
In Tulsa, John Southern said he saw what he thought was an airplane on fire while driving near U.S. 75 in Tulsa.
"It looked like an airplane going down in flames really hard or fast _ or space debris," said Southern, a freelance photographer. "It was coming from a southwesterly direction."
"This was just like a blob," Southern said. "I wouldn't say it was a UFO, but I don't know. I thought surely something had happened."
A similar phenomenon occurred Dec. 1, 2001, when residents in Oklahoma, Texas and Nebraska witnessed space debris breaking up as it entered the atmosphere.
Witnesses reported seeing long streaks of light moving across the sky and breaking into about 30 "little balls with tails."
Many people – some of whom thought a plane had crashed – notified authorities and media outlets acros s North Texas about 9:20 p.m.
"Although they're very small objects, they burn like mad," when they enter the Earth's atmosphere, he said.
Jeff Barton, a member of the Texas Astronomical Society, agreed the object might have been a meteor or what's called a bolide, an exploding meteor.
"Bolides tend to be larger and move a little slower," he said. "They will be in the sky for 10 to 15 seconds. Someone at a game can use their vide o camera and capture it. ... If it was a bright, slow-moving bolide, it could have been caught. There's been a spate of bolides recently."
Mr. Barton said the object also might have been space junk, but he noted that the Aquarids meteor shower is visible from mid-July to mid-August.
Although scientists sometimes can predict when meteors will make their entry, this one was unexpected.
According to NASA, the Perseid meteor shower will start in mi d-July and peak Aug. 12. It will be more visible in the Northern Hemisphere.
The shower occurs as Earth travels into the periphery of a cloud of debris from the comet Swift-Tuttle.
Comment: A video of the meteor can be found here along with the insipid commentary of the news crew.
A rare glimpse back in time into the universe's early evolution has revealed something startling: mature, fully formed galaxies where scientists expected to discover little more than infants.
"Up until now, we assumed that galaxies were just beginning to form between 8 and 11 billion years ago, but what we found suggests that that is not the case," said Karl Glazebrook, associate professor of physics and astronomy in the Krieger School of Arts and Sciences at The Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore and co-principal author of a paper in the July 8 issue of Nature. "It seems that an unex pectedly large fraction of stars in big galaxies were already in place early in the universe's formation, and that challenges what we've believed. We thought massive galaxies came much later."
Using the Frederick C. Gillett Gemini North Telescope in Mauna Kea, Hawaii, Glazebrook and a multinational team of researchers called the Gemini Deep Deep Survey (GDDS) employed a special technique called the "Nod and Shuffle" to peer into what had traditionally been a cosmological blind spot. Called "the Redshift Desert," this era - 8 billion to 11 billion years ago, when the universe was only 3 billion to 6 billion years old - has remained relatively unexplored until now, mainly because of the challenges inherent in collecting data from the faintest galactic light ever to be dissec ted into the rainbow of colors called a spectrum. In all, the team collected and analyzed spectra from 300 galaxies, making it the most complete sample ever taken from the Redshift Desert.
"This was the most comprehensive survey ever done covering the bulk of the galaxies that represent conditions in the early universe," Glazebrook said. "We expected to find basically zero massive galaxies beyond about 9 billion years ago, because theoretical models predict that massive galaxies form last. Instead, we found highly developed galaxies that just shouldn't have been there, but are."
These findings challenge the dominant theory of galactic evo lution, which posits that at this early stage, galaxies should have formed from the bottom up, with small pieces crashing together to build small and then ever larger galaxies. Called the "hierarchical model," this scenario predicts that normal-to-large galaxies such as those studied by GDDS would not yet exist.
"There are obviously some aspects of the early lives of galaxies that we don't yet completely understand, Glazebrook said. "We do find fewer massive galaxies in the past, but there are still more than we expected. This result is giving us a big clue as to how stars form from invisible gas in the hierarchical model, which is something not well understood under current theories. Some new ingredient is required to make more stars form earlier in the big gala xies. But what that ingredient is, we don't yet know." [...]
BEIJING, July 9 (Xinhuanet) -- NASA scientists say solar s torms might have torn away the water that used to cover parts of Mars.
They monitored the after-effects of a monster solar storm that hit Earth in last October and November. CRIENGLISH.com reported Friday.
They think repeated battering by this kind of space weather could have ripped away Mars' water veil.
According to observations by the Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity, astronomers believe Mars once had enough surface water to support life, but they have not determined where that water went some 3.5 billion years ago.
Scientists think the solar radiat ion events could have affected the surface of Mars because the planet has so little protection.
Unlike Earth, only isolated zones of Mars has a protective magnetosphere that guards the planet against bombardment by high-energy particles during a solar storm.
Record-breaking blasts from unseasonable solar storms seen in late 2003 are just now reaching the edge of the Solar System, scientists reported on Thursday.
More than a dozen coronal mass ejections - eruptions of super-heated gas triggered by tangled magnetic fields on the Sun's surface - shot from the star over a period of 20 days last October and November.
In the events, which pointed in different directions because of the Sun's rotation, radiation and high-speed particles surged ahead of gas from the blasts themselves. On 28 and 29 October, that gas reached Earth in record time - about 20 hours, sweeping past the planet at five million miles per hour.
"If you look at the overall speed of the events - the sheer momentum of it - it's the biggest event we've measured in space," University of Michigan astronomer Thomas Zurbuchen told reporters at a NASA teleconference.
An unprecedented number of spacecraft tracked the blasts as they sped outward from the Sun, producing a trove of data that may help scientists predict the effects of future space storms. The blasts produced auroras as far south as Florida in the US, shut down power in a city in Sweden, and forced astronauts aboard the International Space Station to duck into a relatively well shielded service module.
A few hours after reaching Earth, the blasts hit Mars, which has no global magnetic field to shield it from solar storms. The events disabled a radiation-monitoring instrument on the orbiting spacecraft Mars Odyssey. And computer simulations suggest they also blew off part of the planet's upper atmosphere, an effect that may have helped erode the planet's surface water over 3.5 billion years.
"We know there used to be a lot more water than there is right now. Where did it go?" Zurbuchen said. "One of the key ideas people are talking about is the connection to these space storms."
The Ulysses spacecraft near Jupiter and the Cassini spacecraft near Saturn both detected radio waves when the blasts slammed into the planets' magnetic fields.
In April, the blasts - slowed to 1.5 million miles per hour - even caught up with the Voyager 2 probe, which has travelled about 7 billion miles from the Sun since its launch in 1977. And preliminary data suggest they may have reached the Voyager 1 spacecraft, nearly 9 billion miles from the Sun this Tuesday, eight months after erupting from the star.
At those distances, the Sun's magnetic influence begins to wane as solar wind particles come into contact with particles from interstellar space. The blasts are expected to temporarily expand - by 400 million miles - the boundary of this heliosphere, which they will probably reach by early 2005.
[...] The "Halloween" solar storms in October-November 2003 launched billions of tons of electrified gas (plasma) that blasted by Earth within a day and past Mars hours later.
[...] The Halloween storms were the most powerful ever measured. The storms broke all-time records for X-ray intensity and for speed and temperature of the solar wind observed near Earth. About a third of the total particle radiation emitted by the Sun in the last decade in the deadly 30-50 MeV energy range came from these st orms, even though the solar activity cycle was well pas t its maximum.
[...] The shocks created by the storms in the inner solar system not only accelerated electrons and protons to high energy, they also trapped the particles in the inner heliosphere. This resulted in elevated radiation levels everywhere between Venus and Mars that decayed only gradually over a period of weeks. This kind of event will have significant implications for radiation protection requirements for explorers who venture outside of the Earth's protective magnetosphere (magnetic field).
DALLAS -- Astronomers have discovered a planet orbiting a star in the constellation Orion - without ever actually seeing it. They watched the star, about 140 light-years or roughly 800 trillion miles away, and deduced the presence of a planet by how much the star wiggled.
The planet, called HD 37605b, is a gas giant at le ast 2.8 times the mass of Jupiter. HD 37605b zips around its star - HD 37605, near the bright star Betelgeuse - once every 54 days.
The astronomers made the discovery, reported in Thursday's online edition of The Dallas Morning News, using the Hobby-Eberly Telescope.
"This will be the first of many planets coming out of the HET," said William Cochran, an astronomer at the University of Texas at Austin and leader of the research team.
The telescop e uses 91 mirrors, each in the shape of a hexagon, to gather light across a surface 30 feet across.
Boaters at the Gulf of Finland witnessed an unusual light phenomenon in the sky on Monday night. This was due to a meteor shower rarely seen in the area.
Rescue teams across the Gulf of Bothnia were inundated with calls reporting red balls of light in the skies above the towns of Pietarsaari, Kokkola and Himanka in central Finland.
According to the air-sea rescue center in Vaasa, these were not distress rockets sent by boaters, but a type of meteor shower rarely seen in Finland.
Witnesses reported seeing balls of light moving quickly over the area, sending out sparks clearly visible to the human eye. Later they changed into white light balls, leaving a trail of smoke behind them.
SPACE.com -- A mission to smash into a space rock to deflect it and study its structure has been given priority over five other poten tial asteroid projects by the European Space Agency.
The slam-bang 'Don Quijote' mission would help scientists figure out how to deflect or destroy any asteroid in the future that might be found to be on a collision course with Earth. The project uses the Spanish spelling of Don Quixote, the protagonist in Cervantes' novel who has chivalrous ideas that tend toward the impractical.
Scientists don't know enough about asteroid insides to predict how one would respond to attempts to nudge it off an Earth-impact course or turn it into harmless dust. While no asteroids are curren tly known to be on track to hit the planet, experts say a regional catastrophe is inevitable in the very long run-- over millennia. And run-ins with small asteroids that could incinerate a large city occur ever few thousand years.
"We want to investigate the internal structure of an asteroid, and at the same time develop and test the technology necessary, in a worst case scenario, to deflect a sizeable asteroid," says Andrea Milani, an asteroid expert at the University of Pisa who is helping to plan the mission.
China's largest city and the communist gia nt's gleaming business hub, Shanghai has decided to build a 60,000-square-metre multipurpose 'underground city'.
The multi-level 'underground city', four-storeyed in some places, will be equipped with stores, garages, restaurants and all kinds of entertainment centres and facilities, a Shanghai-based newspaper said.
It is scheduled to be completed in 2006 and has been listed as a major scientific and technological programme by the Shanghai municipality, the Jiefang Daily reported.
The construction of the 'underground city' will comprehensively utilise the underground room o f and around the existing subway pivots as well as thei r ground facilities.
The reports quoting experts from the Shanghai municipal government said due to lesser and lesser ground space in big cities, city dwellers have now begun to favour underground stores and garages.
They also said that they will build a sound ventilation system in the 'underground city' and introduce sunlight to build a greenbelt system in places where conditions permit.
A solar wind gust from the indicated coronal hole could reach Earth on July 16th or 17th. Image credit: SOHO Extreme UV Telescope
Sunspot 649 has produced three X-class solar flares: two on July 15th (0141 UT and 1824 UT) and one, so far, on July 16th (0206 UT).
Strong solar activity should continue for days to come. Sunspot 649 has a tangled "beta-gamma-delta" magnetic field that harbors energy for more X-class solar flares. Meanwhile, another big sunspot appears to be hidden on the far side of the sun. Solar rotation will carry it over the sun's eastern limb, and into plain view, as soon as July 17th.
Sea-rescuers were on alert in Finland on July 12th when reports of emergency flares poured in from the Gulf of Bothnia. They soon realized that no ship was in distress. The flares were "meteors." Johan Geisor was on a photo-expedition in the Gulf; he saw a bright fireba ll and took this picture of its smoky debris at 9:16 p.m. GMT: (continued below)
News reports of the event (#1, #2, #3, #4) describe a slow-moving fireball, red and sparkling, perhaps shedding fragments. This sounds remarkably like a piece of re-entering space junk--e.g., an old rocket engine or a satellite. Yet no such objects were scheduled to decay over Finland on July 12th. Likewise, no intense meteor showers were due. What was this display? Probably a small space rock disintegrating in Earth's atmosphere.
Comment: There have been two more X class flares today, Friday, including one that clocks in at 3.1. That is five in two days. And they're telling us the solar maximum was three years ago Look at this graph:
Data from a spectrometer aboard the European Space Agency's Mars Express probe appears to have recorded radiation indicating pungent ammonia gas in Mars' atmosphere, BBC News Online reports.
Since ammonia can survive for only a few hours in the Martian atmosphere before breaking down, it must be constantly replenished from one of two possible sources: active volcanoes — of which none have been found on Mars — or microbes.
"Ammonia could be the key to finding life on Mars," a NASA scientist told the BBC. "There are no known ways for ammonia to be present in the Martian atmosphere that do not involve life."
Ammonia is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen atoms. Nitrogen is rare in the Mars environment, and researchers say the presence of ammonia may indicate that Martian microbes may be hoarding it.
Comment: Slowly, step by step, information about life on Mars is being given to the public. What will be the next "revelation"?
With all of this going on in the heavens, today we received an interesting, unsolicited email from a member of the European Space Agency (ESA). The person in question, Philippe Kletzkine, requested that we were infringing copyright by republishing an article from Rednova.com on the Signs Page of November 6th 2003.
Allied Signal -- Developed and planned over many years, the pioneering Rosetta mission is one of the most challenging ever undertaken in the history of space exploration.
In May 2003, however, engineers were presented with a new challenge when ESA's Science Programme Committee announced that comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko would replace comet 46P/Wirtanen as Rosetta's objective. [...]
The historic touchdown on the pristine surface of comet Churyumov-Gerasimenko is expected to take place in November 2014. "We anticipate a landing on the 'summer' side of the nucleus, where there is maximum illumination," said Philippe Kletzkine.
Your publication infringes on copyrights. In addition, some material you have added is factually incorrect. Other cannot be correctly understood because
In the case that concerns you, there is no "article" to remove. We are quoting representative paragraphs (in this particular case 8 lines), with links to the original publications.
Therefore it is physically impossible to remove "the article". Probably you never heard about "fair use", or you have wrong understanding of what it means.
As for what is factually correct or incorrect, you are invited to send us a correction, and we will publish it and respond to it.
Namely, Allied Signal has nothing to do with the Rosetta achievement. Quoting "Allied Signal" at the very beginning of the article robs the European Space Agency and the companies that did participate in this achievement of receiving proper credit. This is not "fair use". Therefore I ask you again to remove your item, whether you call it an "article" or whether you call it something else. Besides, the 8 lines that were arbitrarily extracted, because they leave out information contained in the original article, make it sound like it was a sudden whim of the Science Program Committee that changed the target comet and are therefore projecting an inaccurate image of ESA's programs.
We were a little perplexed to say the least. We had simply reproduced part of an article that gave the gist of the story with a link to the full article. But we see that Mr. Kletzkine beef is with the fact that the original story began with the words "Allied Signal". What Mr Kletzkine fails to realise is that the words "Allied Signal" appear at the beginning of the article because the article was taken from the Allied Signal website. There was no intent to manipulate or deny credit to the ESA. Allied Signal, now merged and renamed "Honeywell", is a large multi-national company specialising in aerospace, automotive and engineering products and designs. Since the merger the original article on the "Allied Signal" has disappeared.
What is really interesting however, is the fact that this little discourse played out today, of all days - the same day that the following article appears on the UK Guardian newspaper.
Europe 's space chiefs have backed a suicide mission which will end in a head-on collision with an approaching asteroid.
Astronomers so far know of about 1,200 objects in space more than half a mile across which might one day collide with Earth.
An impact with a large object from space 65m years ago helped wipe out the dinosaurs. Even a much smaller object could cause widespread devastation. But so far, the in terception of asteroids has happened only in Hollywood disaster movies.
The European Space Agency's near-Earth object advisory panel has recommended high priority for a Spanish mission to smash into a distant asteroid.
"If you think about the chain of events between detecting a hazardous object, and doing something about it, there is one area in which we have no experience at all and that is interacting directly with an asteroid, trying to alter its orbit," said Alan Harris, chairman of the advisory panel.
The mission, named Don Quijote, will use two spacecraft. One, called Sancho, will head for a target asteroid 500 metres (1,540ft) in diameter and go into orbit around it for at least seven months. It will drop detectors to measure the asteroid's internal structure.
The second spacecraft, Hidalgo, will be launched at the same time but approach on a longer orbit - and smash into the asteroid at more than 22,000mph, while the first spacecraft watches the fireworks.
The collision would hardly stop the asteroid in its tracks but it might slow it on what could be a collision course with Earth.
"It is just to test a technique: can we change their orbits by runnin g a kinetic energy impactor?" said Matt Genge, an asteroid expert at Imperial College, London.
"Can we change its orbit by less than a centimetre per second? If we ever find an asteroid that is on collision course with Earth, at some point in the future, whether it is 10 orbits away, or 20 orbits away, just giving it a small nudge will make it miss the Earth."
Last year Dr Genge calculated that a steady push might be more effective in steering an asteroid away from a collision course.
He worked out that a thrust equivalent to that from a Reliant Robin could deflect a 1bn tonne asteroid in just 75 days.
The Don Quijote mission takes its name from Cervantes' novel, and the scene in which Don Quijote tilts at windmills while Sancho Panza watches from a distance.
"In this case, Don Quijote is fighting an asteroid," said José Gonzales of Deimos Space, which planned the mission.
The Spanish scientists will now look for partners for the mission. With international cooperation, Don Quijote could be launched between 2010 and 2015. Hidalgo will be the first true attempt at deflecting an asteroid.
But it won't be the first direct assault on one of the solar system's loose cannonballs. In December Nasa will launch Deep Impact, which will fire a copper projectile into a comet, deliberately gouging out a crater.
And a European space mission called Rosetta is on its way to an encounter with a distant comet in 2014.
So we were contacted by a member of the ESA, who is directly involved in the Rosetta mission, on the same day the some of the biggest X-class flares are buffeting the earth, life on Mars appears, suddenly, to be a real possibility and a story shows up in the Guardian that specifically mentions government projects to divert earth-bound asteroids, including the Rosetta mission.
We find it a little difficult to believe that NASA and the ESA are going to all this bother to find a way to deflect an earth-bound asteroid if there is not some significant and pressing need to actually do so. Which suggests of course that certain people in these agencies know something that the general public does not.
Back in 1986 Laura Knight-Jadczyk wrote the following in her book "The Noah Syndrome" (no longer available) much of which is incorporated into her newly revised, expanded and updated book "The Secret History of the World".
All of these effects describe the actions of a comet upon the earth as described in Velikovsky's Worlds in Collision. The "drying of the Euphrates" probably indicates an alteration of the geography of the earth which will enable the peoples of the Orient to emerge as dominant which, by the implications of this statement taken with the foregoing passage relating to the destruction of Babylon, might be involved in some conflict at the time the comet heads their way, disrupting their conflict at least temporarily.
"And I saw three loathsome spirits like frogs, from the mouth of the dragon and from the mouth of the beast and from the mouth of the false prophet. For really they are the spirits of demons that perform signs. And they go forth to the rulers and leaders all over the world, to gather them together for war on the great day of God the Almighty... And they gathered them together at the place which in Hebrew is called Armageddon." (Rev. 16, ex.)
Now why, one must ask, in the name of all good sense, would the nations of the earth gather together for the long prognosticated war called "Armageddon," in the midst of cosmic upheaval? Maybe it is because Armageddon is not quite what has been thought. We can note the similarity of the descriptions of the frog as "performers of signs" to the description of nuclear war in Chapter 13:
"He performs great signs -- startling miracles -- even making fire fall from the sky to the earth in men's sight." (v.13)
... and thereby make the connection to nuclear armaments. But how are they being used? The connection with the "dragon" relates to lies and deception and the false prophet relates to materialism and political manipulation.
Supposing the earth to be in a state of incredible turmoil due to numerous wars and now, cosmic catastrophe, the deceptive attitude of scientific materialism would be that something can be done to avert further disaster, assuming that a comet is, in fact, on a direct path toward the earth.
I believe that the description in this passage tells us that all the nations will assemble their nuclear armaments and attempt to use them to break the attraction between the earth and another cosmic body, or, deflect its path if it has not, in fact, made atmospheric contact. The implication of this passage is that the armies are gathered together to fight God in his manifestation as extra-terrestrial cosmic catastrophe, and this is reiterated in numerous other passages of scripture.
Experience has taught us to pay attention to these seemingly innocuous synchronicities, because in a world where the truth is closely and jealously guarded by the few, they are often important indicators of what is really going on behind the scenes. Mr Kletzkine has inadvertently renewed our interest in the Rosetta mission and the other NASA and ESA missions which seem extremely interested in possible Earth-bound rocks. In the interest of humanity's right to know, we will of course be watching closely for further developments bringing you all pertinent details as, or rather if, they emerge.
In the meantime, serious 'seekers after truth' can discover for themselves the full story about our past, present, and possible future, by purchasing Laura's excellent 400 page book - "The Secret History of the World".
On 9 July 2004, the Near-Earth Object Mission Advisory Panel recommended that ESA place a high priority on developing a mission to actually move an asteroid. The conclusion was based on the panel's consideration of six near-Earth object mission studies submitted to the Agency in February 2003.
Of the six studies, three were space-based observatories for detecting NEOs and three were rendezvous missions. All addressed the growing realisation of the threat posed by Near-Earth Objects (NEOs) and proposed ways of detecting NEOs or discovering more about them from a close distance.
A panel of six experts, known as the Near-Earth Object Mission Advisory Panel (NEOMAP) assessed the proposals.
"The task has been very difficult because the goalposts have changed. When the studies were commissioned, the discovery business was in no way as advanced as it is now."
"Today, a number of organisations are building large telescopes on Earth that promise to find a very large percentage of the NEO population at even smaller sizes than visible today."
As a result, the panel decided that ESA should leave detection to ground-based telescopes for the time being, until the share of the remaining population not visible from the ground becomes better known.
The need for a space-based observatory will then be re-assessed. The panel placed its highest priority on rendezvous missions, and in particular, the Don Quijote mission concept.
"If you think about the chain of events between detect ing a hazardous object and doing something about it, there is one area in which we have no experience at all and that is in directly interacting with an asteroid, trying to alter its orbit," explains Harris.
The Don Quijote mission concept will do this by using two spacecraft, Sancho and Hidalgo. Both are launched at the same time but Sancho takes a faster route.
When it arrives at the target asteroid it will begin a seven-month campaign of observation and physical characterisation during which it will land penetrators and seismometers on the asteroid's surface to understand its internal structure.
Sancho will then watch a s Hidalgo arrives and smashes into the asteroid at very high speed. This will provide information about the behaviour of the internal structure of the asteroid during an impact event as well as excavating some of the interior for Sancho to observe.
After the impact, Sancho and telescopes from Earth will monitor the asteroid to see how its orbit and rotation have been affected.
Harris says, "When we do actually find a hazardous asteroid, you could imagine a Don Quijote-type mission as a precursor to a mitigation mission. It will tell us how the target responds to an impact and will help us to develop a much more effective mitigation mission."
On 9 July, the findings were presented to the scientific and industrial community. Representatives of other national space agencies were also invited in the hope that they will be interested in developing a joint mission, based around this concept.
Andrés Galvez, ESA's Advanced Concepts Team and technical officer for the NEOMAP report says, "This report gives us a solid foundation to define programmatic priorities and an implementation strategy, in which I also hope we are joined by international partners". With international cooperation, a mission could be launched as early as 2010-2015.
Small meteorites impact our planet several times a year, and—despite Hollywood's doomsday scenarios—life on Earth survives. Almost all of these meteorites are from asteroid collisions that occurred 3 to 60 million years ago.
A new study suggests, however, that the violent destruction of an asteroid can create a long-lasting rain of meteorites. The space rocks would be delivered to Earth by a "meteorite express," the study says.
The research, which is described in tomorrow's edition of the science j ournal Nature, was conducted by scientists who studied meteorites preserved in 480- million-year-old sediments in southern Sweden.
The scientists found that the meteorites contained gases produced by cosmic rays that suggest the meteorites' transfer to Earth occurred much faster than for more recent ones.
The data led researchers to conclude that a violent collision in our solar system's distant asteroid belt 500 million years ago produced meteorites that traveled to Earth in a relatively scant hundred thousand years.
"It's the first physical confirmation of unusually short transfer times [of meteorites] after a major asteroid collision,& quot; said Philipp Reza Heck, the report's lead author. Heck studies cosmochemistry at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich.
His research was partially funded by a grant from the National Geographic Society's Committee for Research and Exploration.
The general term "meteor" comes from the Greek meteoron, meaning "phenomenon in the sky." Meteoroids, in particular, are fragments of asteroids produced by collisions.
Meteoroids in our solar system spend most of their time in the asteroid belt betwee n Mars and Jupiter, unless they encounter a phenomenon known as orbital resonance and change course.
A meteorite is a meteoroid that reaches the surface of the Earth without being completely vaporized by the Earth's atmosphere.
Intense meteorite showers can only occur after a very large collision between asteroids. Such events have been rare in the last billion years of the solar system's history.
Scientists say that meteorite showers are also r are because Jupiter's titanic gravitational pull diverts much of the space debris before it has a chance to venture toward Earth.
The phenomenon known as orbital resonance plays a key role in the "meteorite express" described in the new study. Resonance occurs when two orbiting bodies exert a gravitational influence on each other.
As Heck explained: "If a [meteoroid] goes into an important orbital resonance with Jupiter, for example the 3:1 resonance, then while Jupiter goes once around the sun, the [meteoroid] circles the sun three times."
"So the small object experiences periodically a gravitational tug from Jupiter, and its orbit gets changed quite fast," he said.
The efficient transfer of asteroid material into the inner solar system—the basis of the so-called meteorite express—only happens when an asteroid collision occurs close to a resonance, however.
"Once the fragments are injected into the resonance, their orbital shape is changed rather quickly until they become Earth-crossing," Heck said. This is what has happened in the distant past, scientists believe.
Hec k and his colleagues studied meteorites that measured several centimeters in diameter. They were found in Thorsberg, a rock quarry in southern Sweden.
Around 500 million years ago the meteorites, of a type known as chondrites, fell into a shallow sea. There, they were covered with fine-grained marine sediments and well preserved.
A chemical analysis showed the meteorites were all of the same class, the so- called L chondrites class. Scientists believe that L chondrites come from a precursor to the Flora family of asteroids, a prominent group of asteroids circling the sun near the inner edge of the asteroid belt. Most L chondrites experienced a major gas loss 500 million years ago, which is best explained by a violent collision in space.
"The transfer time [of these meteorites] to Earth is around a hundred thousand years, consistent with a long-lasting rain of meteorites after the destruction of an asteroid and the existence of at least one trajectory [in which] material was flung towards the inner solar system," Heck said.
The findings do not contradict present scientific thinking about the rate at which meteoroids can travel. But the short transfer times suggested by the new study are at the very low end of theoretical predictions.
"This analysis shows again what happened hundreds of millions of kilometers away can eventually make for a real bad day on Earth," said Bruce Betts, director of projects at the Planetary Society in Pasadena, California.
The sunspot number soared this weekend when sunspot 652 and its companion 'spot 653 emerged over the sun's eastern limb. Sunspot 652 is big, about the size of the planet Jupiter, and easily seen from Earth. Both sunspot 652 and, especially, sunspot 649 pose a threat for powerful X-class solar flares.
NOAA forecasters estimate a 40% chance of such a flare during the next 24 hours. Warning: Don't look directly at the sun
CAIRO (Reuters) - A series of f ires in the southern Egyptian province of Sohag has destroyed some 160 houses, giving rise to rumors that spirits are at work or mysterious balls of fire are falling from the sky, a local official said Sunday.
But the causes are mundane -- kerosene stoves, cigarette butts and electrical short circuits, Brigadier Ezzat Aboul Kassem told Reuters. Flaming pigeons, their feathers set alight in the blazes, may explain talk of balls of fire, he added.
Two children have died in the fires, which started last month, and about 30 people have been injured, either from burns or from smoke inhalation, security officials said.
Aboul Kassem, who is director of police investigations in Sohag, said the number of fires was higher than usual this year, at 25 for the first half of July against 15 in the same period last year, possibly because the weather has been hotter.
"Investigations have shown that there are burned pigeons on top of some of the burned houses and it's probable that they fell there after catching fire at other houses," he said. "Maybe that explains the rumors of balls of fire falling from the sky."
A sunspot group aimed squarely at Earth has grown to 20 times the size of our planet and has the potential to unleash a major solar storm.
The amorphous mix of spots, together called Number 652, has been rotating across the Sun and growing for several days. On Friday, it sat at the center of the solar disk.
Sunspots are areas of intense magnetic energy, cooler and darker than the surrounding surface of the thermonuclear furnace. Sometimes the magnetic fields let loose and huge amounts of radiation and charged particles are hurled into space.
The Sun's last bout of intense storminess occurred last fall, when a string of 10 major flares over two weeks knocked out satellites, damaged others, and forced the FAA to reroute airlines away from exposed polar routes.
No one can say if this sunspot group will let loose with a major storm, but it has the characteristics of a potentially big event.
"The implications of this spot have scientists on the edge of their seats," NASA said in a statement Friday. "If the active region generates coronal mass ejections (CMEs), massive explosions with a potential force of a billion megaton bombs, it w ill be a fairly direct hit to Earth and its satellites and power grids."
The Sun is now in a generally quiet period of a well-known 11-year cycle of activity. But sunspots and flares can occur at any time. Scientists do not fully understand why the spots appear or how they erupt.
Comment: Whoa Last fall we had a 10 day period of major flares, and we have just seen a series of X class flares in July. Yet the journalist would have us believe that this is "normal" in a solar minimum, that "sunspots and flares can occur at any time". Sure, they can. But having so many X class flares in the period of a solar minimum is not "business as usual". During the 17th century, the sun passed through a 75 year solar minimum. The "normal" 11 year solar cycle was repressed. We believe this occurred when the Sun's dark star companion passed through the Oort cloud. The solar minimum was caused by the gravitational effect of the companion star. For more information, check out the article "Independence Day".
Summer is the season for shooting stars, and this year could be among the best as the annual Perseid meteor shower promises to be better than usual.
Anyone gazing at the summer night sky for even a short length of time now through the end of August is likely to spot a few streaks of otherworldly light. In general, the Earth encounters richer meteoric activity during the second half of the year.
The best meteor display of the summer comes during the second week of August, during the Perseid event. At its peak around the nights of Aug. 11 and 12, the shower can produce 50 to 100 fast, bright meteors per hour for any observer with a wide-open view of a dark sky.
This year will be a n excellent one to watch for the Perseids, partly because bright moonlight will not interfere as in past years, and also because Earth might encounter a heavier concentration of meteoric debris, astronomers predict, leading to better than normal meteor activity.
In the southern Austrian province of Carinthia, a "very bright" appearance of light has been observed on 2.35 on Monday, 26. July. According to local astronomers at the observatory in Klagenfurt, the phenomenon was, "with high degree of probability", an unusually large meteor.
The article claims that meteors burning in the atmosphere can be expected to be observed two or three times per year at most. However, the article goes on that on 2.17 (correct time?) another "unusual light apparition" has been seen in the sky. The astronomer of the observatory explains that this was caused by one of the 70 satellites belonging to the telephone system "Iridium", which fly at a height of 300 km above ground and can be "as bright as the street light of a car" when the sun's light is caught on its surface.
There have been reports of a big red and blue light streaking over the Castlemaine area just after 1:00am AEST today.
Policewoman Senior Constable Sharon McEachern says she was on patrol duty with a colleague in Maldon when she saw the light in the sky.
"A bright blue light going across the sky...not coming straight down and it just had a large blue tail and a bright red ball and then as it went across it just exploded into pieces, so I'm not sure whether it was a comet, or a meteor, or what it was," she said.
Astronomers were lucky enough to record the spectrum of a bright meteor when it happened - by sheer chance and against all reasonable odds - to cross the narrow slit of the FORS1 instrument on the ESO Very Large Telescope in Chile.
At the time of this unlikely event, the telescope was performing a series of 20-minute spectroscopic exposures of a supernova in a distant galaxy in order to establish constraints on the dark en ergy content of the Universe. Thanks to its enormous light-collecting and magnifying power, the VLT recorded the spectrum of the meteor trail perpendicular to its path on one of these exposures. "We really hit the jackpot", says ESO astronomer Emmanuel Jehin: "The chances of capturing a meteor in the narrow slit of the FORS1 spectrograph are about as big as for me winning the national lottery."
Meteor spectra have on occasion been obtained serendipitously during photographic star spectra surveys. But this is now perhaps the only meteor spectrum recorded with a large telescope and a modern spectrograph. The spectrum covers the wavelength range from 637 to 1050 nm, which is dominated by emission s from air atoms and molecules in the meteor path and t each us about the collision processes in the wake of a meteoroid.
The rapid motion of the meteor across the sky resulted in a very brief exposure while crossing the narrow spectrograph slit - only 1/50 of a millisecond - and despite the relative brightness of the meteor it was only thanks to the VLT's great light-gathering power that any record was procured. The meteor was estimated at magnitude -8, or nearly as bright as the first-quarter Moon.
Although it is not possible to be sure from which shower this meteor belongs, a possible candidate is the Southern May Ophiuchid shower which appears from a direction just east of the bright star Antares. The shower contributes only one or two meteors per hour but was one of the stronger showers of that night.
A meteorite which streaked across the lower North Island sky in the ea rly hours of this morning is believed to have gone into the sea off the east coast in the southern Wairarapa area.
The police central communications centre said the meteorite had been seen by pilots from several aircraft.
It had been described as quite bright, white and green, breaking up as it crossed the lower North Island, a spokesman said.
Police had received five reports from people who had seen the meteorite from Hawke's Bay to the upper South Island.
National Radio reported pilots had narrowed the landing point of the meteorite to the sea northeast of Cape Palliser in southern Wairarapa.
Sergeant Paul Lee of Masterton police said he had seen a bright orange line in the sky, brighter in the front and fading away towards the back.
Fireballs reportedly seen in New Zealand skies early today are thought to possibly be from the Perseid meteor shower. [...]
Alan Barlow, a 32-year-old IT worker from Auckland, said he was driving east on Hobsonville Rd when he saw a bright object about the size of a softball cross the sky in front of him.
"It was probably a thousand feet high, and had a tail about 20-feet long that was a bright luminous green."
Mr Barlow said the meteorite was visible for 5-8 seconds, and he presumed it had landed in the Hobsonville air force base.
A new type of cosmic explosion that occurred late last year could shed light on the death of massive stars, astronomers say.
It was more powerful than supernovae, explosions marking the death of a huge star, but weaker than gamma-ray bursts, the mysterious and most brilliant blasts in the universe.
"I was stunned that my observations ... showed that this event confirmed the existence of a new class of bursts," said Alicia Soderberg, of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, Calif., who reported the finding in Thursday's issue of the journal Nature. "It was like hitting the jackpot."
Scientists had thought all gamma-ray bursts had a standard energy and the same intrinsic brightness until the discovery of the cosmic blast that occurred on Dec. 3, 2003, and is known by its date of birth, GRB 031203.
"With this new event we realize it is not true. There are sub-energetic bursts that are less luminous with fainter emission, which means there is not a standard energy," Soderberg said in an interview. "Perhaps there is some sort of continuum between the two explosions that we didn't realize before."
The new blast occurred about 1.6 billion light-years away. A light-year is about 6 trillion miles (10 trillion kilometers), the distance light travels in a year. It was also much closer than other gamma-ray bursts and about a thousand times weaker.
Astronomers do not know what causes gamma-ray bursts. They are thought to occur when stars collapse possibly to become a black hole, or even when two black holes merge.
Such objects are thought to have a huge gravitational pull from which nothing can escape. But just last month, cosmologist Stephen Hawking said he believes some material oozes out of black holes over billions of years through irregularities on their surface.
Scientists from the Space Research Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences, in Moscow, who also observed the cosmic blast and reported it in Nature, believe other similar blasts have occurred but have not been detected. In 1998, astronomers reported an extremely faint gamma-ray burst called GRB 980425.
NASA's Swift mission, which is due for launch in autumn and will study gamma-ray bursts, could provide more information about the explosions.
"This is an intriguing discovery," said Shrinivas Kulkarni, a pr ofessor of astronomy and planetary science at the California Institute of Technology and a co-author of one of the reports.
"I expect a treasure trove of such events to be identified by NASA's Swift mission," he said in a statement. "I am convinced that further discoveries and studies of this new class of hybrid events will forward our understanding of the death of massive stars."
Ten million years ago it was awash with oceans of water. Now it is desert dry. But research published today shows that organic life could still be lurking on Mars.
Scientists will be poring over a slew of papers published by the teams from the US space agency Nasa reporting the results garnered from the two rovers, Spirit and Opportunity, that landed at the beginning of this year and are still exploring oppos ite sides of the Red Planet.
Even bef ore today's formal publication in the journal Science, many scientists were abuzz over the earliest of the findings, which suggested that water once flowed all over the surface, and is now sequestered beneath it, probably still in liquid form. Furthermore the gas methane, normally associated with biological activity, has been detected in the atmosphere.
"Their findings such as sedimentary rocks [which indicate oceanic activity] are very exciting," said Professor Colin Pillinger, of the Open University, who led the team that developed the European Space Agency's Beagle 2 lander.
"And they are also saying that there's methane in the atmosphere there - which must mean a continuous supply, or it would disappear. My preference is that [methane] is generated through a biolo gical supply - even the reprocessing of already-dead biological material by another living source."
For Professor Pillinger the findings lend extra frustration to the loss of the Beagle 2 lander, last heard of heading towards the Martian atmosphere on Christmas Eve. But he declined to express regret: "We'll get there one day," he said. "I wrote a letter to Nasa three weeks ago suggesting a Beagle 3 lander as a stand-alone element to be included with their 2009 Mars Science Laboratory mission. " He has yet to hear back from the agency.
The work represents the most thorough geological examination ever of a planet other than Earth, offering key insights into how its development resembled and departed from that of our own.
The key surprise, said Dr Karl Miller, of the planetary science group at Lancaster University, was the discovery of rock outcrops - which in turn indicated how the planet's surface was eroded. He said: "Most of Mars is covered with a thin veneer of dust, from millions of years of wind erosion. That means you can't see much of what's been going on, geologically speaking."
But seeing an outcrop told scientists what they needed to know: that the rocks were formed by water action, and that huge volumes of water must have flowed over the surface.
"Currently, the surface of Mars is incredibly dry," Dr Miller said. "But we think there's water in the poles, as ice, and underground. It must have been driven to the surface by volcanic activity until relatively recently - about 10 million years ago. That's only 1 per cent of Mars 's lifetime, because it is 4.5 billion years old. If it could happen then, it could happen again."
The deep-lying water had to be liquid, because it would be impossible for a volcano to melt enough ice quickly enough to flood the areas shown to have been affected. "It would require about one million cubic metres per second, which would be devastating on Earth," Dr Miller said.
The plethora of findings has deepened understanding of Mars, and justified the $820m (£510m) cost of the landers - which are still working, having long outlasted their planned mission of 90 Martian days, 92 Earth days. Funding to run the landers runs out at the end of September.
However, Dr Miller said it was still important eventually to send humans to investigate the planet. "A geologist can notice things and react in a way a machine can't," he said. "But right now you can't get humans out there, and robots are becoming extremely impressive - what these ones did wouldn't have been possible a few years ago."
Professor Pillinger cautioned: "I don't think it would be responsible to send people until we're sure that there's life there. And we should be very careful about bringing it back."
Sunspot 649, which unleashed five X-class solar flares in July, has returned, and it's growing again. Witness this 3-day (Aug. 6th - 8th) animation from the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory: [Link]
Sunspot 649 is the one on the left. If the active region continues to develop, it could soon pose a renewed threat for strong solar flares.
BULLHEAD CITY -- It likely was not a UFO that crashed in the desert east of the city Thursday night, but it also was not an airplane as initially reported to authorities.
Firefighters and law enforcement officers were called to the area of Landon Drive and Highway 68 at about 9 p.m. with a report of an airplane that crashed into the desert.
Bullhead City Fire Marshal Jim Dykens said the reporting party met with authorities and said they saw what appeared to an airplane exploding and crashing in the desert somewhere between the highway and Oatman. It was also reported the explosion was followed by three smaller bursts that appeared to be emergency flares.
With assistance from the Department of Public Safety Ranger helicopter, the Bullhead City Fire Department searched the area from the north and the Oatman Fire Department looked from the south, b ut found nothing.
"The outcome was they really believe that it was a large mortar that was shot off and then some other bottle rockets or other type fireworks," Dykens said.
The peak of Perseid meteor shower is expected in the Arizona skies around Aug. 11 or 12, said Steele Wotkyns, public relations manager at the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff
Comment: Note that there is no mention of it being a meteorite, apart from a strange little reference at the end to the Perseids.
Splat There goes another bug on the windshield. Anyone who's ever driven down a country lane has seen it happen. A fast moving car, a cloud of multiplying insects, and a big disgusting mess.
The next time that happens to you, instead of feeling grossed out, try thinking of the experience as an astronomy lesson. Your car is Earth. The bugs are tiny flakes of comet dust. The carnage on your windshield ... it's a meteor shower
Kids love the analogy: Earth, like a speeding car, races around the Sun sweeping up everything in its path. There are no insects in space, but there are plenty of meteoroids, little flakes of dust from comets and asteroids. They hit Earth's atmosphere--splat--and disintegrate as fiery streaks of light called meteors.
They're called bolides--flaming meteors that race across the sky at tremendous speed and explode. They aren't terribly common. Yet, such a meteor caught the attention of many around 1 a.m. Monday as it st reaked above the Chicago area, initiating a sonic boom. The bolide was observed by an air traffic controller at O'Hare and by the pilots of incoming aircraft, according to FAA spokeswoman Elizabeth Isham Cory. Ground-based observers called police in Park Ridge, Norridge and Chicago to report the event. Area astronomers suggested the fiery meteor may have been part of the annual Perseids display, which peaked a week ago. But, it may also have been a piece of earthbound space junk or a "sporadic"--a single isolated meteor--added astronomer Dan Joyce, who says bolides can travel at speeds up to 150,000 m.p.h. 50-60 miles above earth, but slow and heat up as they enter the denser lower atmosphere.
The Cassini spacecraft has discovered two new moons at Saturn that may be the smallest bodies seen so far around the ringed planet, according to a NASA press release.
The moons, provisionally named S/2004 S1 and S/2004 S2, are 3 kilometers and 4 kilometers across and 194,000kilometers and 211,000 kilometers from the planet's center. They are between the orbits of two other saturnian moons, Mimas and Enceladus. The August 16 press release says one moon, S/2004 S1, may be an object spotted in a single image taken by NASA's Voyager spacecraft 23 years ago, at that time called S/1981 S14.
The moons were first spotted by Dr. Sebastien Charnoz, a planetary dynamicist working at the University of Paris. "Discovering these faint satellites was an exciting experience, especially the feeling of being the first person to see a new body of our solar system," Charnoz said. "I had looked for such objects for weeks while at my office in Paris, but it was only once on holiday, using my laptop, that my code eventually detected them. This tells me I should take more holidays."
The smallest previously known moons around Saturn are 20 kilometers across. Scientists expected that moons as small as S/2004 S1 and S/2004 S2 might be found in gaps in the rings and perhaps near the F ring, so they were surpri sed that these small bodies are between two major moons . Small comets careening around the outer solar system would be expected to collide with small moons and break them to bits.
The fact that these moons exist where they do might provide limits on the number of small comets in the outer solar system, a quantity essential for understanding the Kuiper Belt of comets beyond Neptune, and the cratering histories of the moons of the giant planets.
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. [...]
Pauline Aguss, 76, from Lowestoft, Suffolk, felt a sharp pain in her arm and when she looked down there was a one-inch gash along her forearm .
She blamed a peg bag but the next day husband Jack, 76, spotted a walnut-shaped metallic rock on a garden path.
"We've made inquiries and are pretty certain it was a meteorite fragment. I knew a linen peg bag couldn't have caused a cut like that," he said.
"They mentioned on TV that a meteorite shower was due and that's when I first thought that that is what the piece of rock could be.
"I dread to think what could have happened if it had hit her on the head - she was extremely lucky," he added.
One meteorite makes it through the atmosphere and falls to Earth each week on average, according to David Fagg, secretary of Norfolk Astronomers.
But there is a only one in a billion chance that anyone will be hit by one and there are no records of anyone being struck before, he said.
"This is an extremely rare event. One hit a car in America a few years ago but, as far as anyone knows, that was the closest a meteorite has come to a human," said Mr Fagg.
Scientific tests would have to be carried out on the suspect meteorite before anyone could say for certain that it did fall from the sky, he said.
Pauline Aguss was in the garden when she felt a searing pain and noticed a cut on her arm . She said: "It looked black and peculiar. I went indoors and put a plaster on."
It was not until the next day that her husband Jack found a walnut-sized rock on the path. Mrs Aguss, 76, of Lowestoft, Suffolk, said: "It was an odd shape and you could see a few small crystals in it.
"That is when we realised it might have been a meteorite and now, after talking to people who know about these things, we are 99 per cent certain." The odds against being hit by a meteorite are billions to one. On average one a week falls to earth but most are burned up as they enter the atmosphere at 40,000mph.
Norfolk Astronomical Society chairman Mark Lawrick-Thompson said: "There is a good chance this is a meteorite. It is very rare indeed to find one."
Comment: Note the "billions to one" comment which has become standard in reports of meteorite sightings or impacts. The real problem is that no one seems to be chronicling these events and looking at them in terms of frequency. Over the past year and half there have been literally dozens of meteorite sightings and impacts, and now someone has actually been hit by one - we mean, what are the odds? While, until now, the chances may have been in the "billions to one", the evidence suggests that those odds are slimming fast.
The satellites may be captured asteroids, the researchers say in T hursday's issue of the journal Nature.
Planetary scientist J.J. Kavelaars of the National Research Council of Canada in Victoria, B.C., and his colleagues first announced the discovery in 2003.
* Large moons, orbiting close to the parent planet and in a prograde manner, meaning they follow the rotational direction of the planet.
* Irregular, often small mo ons, distant from the planet and orbiting in inclined, eccentric and often retrograde or opposite direction to the planet.
Neptune's largest moon, Triton, was discovered in 1846 and is as large as Pluto. Titan follows a retrograde orbit.
The Voyageur 2 spacecraft identified six more tiny moons in 1989. Since then, moons were found orbiting other giant planets, but the absence of discoveries for Neptune had led scientists to theorize Triton's violent capture destroyed the planet's outer satellite system.
"Here we report the discovery of five irregular moons of Neptune, two with prograde and three with retrograde orbits," the researchers wrote. "These exceedingly faint ... moons, with diameters of 30 to 50 km, were presumably captured by Neptune."
The team said the next step is to study the colour of the faint satellites and look for more satellites to determine the origin of the moons.
Scientists using satellites have mapped huge craters under the Antarctic ice sheet caused by an asteroid as big as the one believed to have wiped out the dinosaurs 65m years ago.
Professor Frans van der Hoeven, from Delft University in the Netherlands, told the conference that the evidence showed that an asteroid measuring between three and seven miles across had broken up in the atmosphere and f ive large pieces had hit the Earth, creating multiple craters over an area measuring 1,300 by 2,400 miles.
The effect would have been to melt all the ice in the path of the pieces, as well as the crust underneath. The biggest single strike caused a hole in the ice sheet roughly 200 by 200 miles, which would have melted about 1% of the ice sheet, raising water levels worldwide by 60cm (2ft).
But the climatic conditions were different at the time of the strike - about 780,000 years ago - from when the asteroid that is believed to have wiped out the dinosaurs struck Yucatan in Mexico.
That impact created dust storms and fires that, by blocking o ut the sun, cooled the Earth's atmosphere so much that the dinosaurs could not survive. The Antarctica strike occurred during an ice age, so even tidal waves would have been weakened to mere ripples by the calming effect of icebergs on the ocean.
Prof Van der Hoeven first realised that there may have been a giant asteroid strike in the Antarctic while on an expedition across the continent in 1960 when he noticed severe anomalies in the gravity from the rocks below, indicating a crater. By coincidence another scientist had concluded that a giant event must have occurred around 780,000 years ago somewhere in the southern hemisphere, probably Antarctica.
But it was not until this year, when two satellites operating above Antarctica began to map the anomalies in the gravity, that the scale of the crater emerged. The mapping showed that the holes in the rock created by the strike had refilled with a mixture of ice, rock and other debris far less dense. This material, called breccia, shows where and how deep the craters are.
Prof Van der Hoeven said: "The extraordinary thing about this meteor strike is that it appeared to do so little damage. Unlike the dinosaur strike there is no telltale layer of dust that demonstrates the history of the event. It may have damaged things and wiped out species but there is no sign of it."
One thing that did happe n at exactly the same time was the reversing of the Earth's magnetic field. There is no other explanation as to why this took place and Prof Van der Hoeven believes it was caused by the impact.
A few mysterious rocks were found on Tuesday at a resident’s home in Turlock. Home owner’s Albert and Lisa Darmousseh believe that the rock fell from the sky. The couple thinks the fist-sized rocks are meteorites, possibly from Mars, but it has not been confirmed the small boulders are anything other than ordinary rocks.
Many people were watching the Olympics on Monday night, including the Darmoussehs, until Lisa was disrupted by a loud noise that she described as a thump.
“I thought a tree fell in my backyard because the noise was so loud so I went outside and didn’t see anything. The n ext day I went in the backyard to walk my dog and disco vered the first meteor. At first I thought it was left over from my dog but then I noticed it was smoking, Lisa Darmousseh said.
“I was not expecting this at all. I am very excited and I feel lucky that it happened here. Something like this to happen to us is amazing, Albert Darmousseh said. At first I was shocked and didn’t know what it was. I never saw anything like it. I thought it was a mushroom or poop but then I saw that is was smoking and when I picked it up, it was hot so then I thought maybe it came from the sky.”
Comment: Damn meteorites. They're popping up all over the place these days. They're gonna give the game away. Fortunately, the sheeple have faith in their leaders. There are millions of Americans who think Bush wouldn't lie to them
The closest observed asteroid yet to skim past the Earth without hitting the atmosphere, was reported by astronomers on Sunday.
The previously unknown object, spanning five to 10 metres across, has been named 2004 FU162. It streaked across the sky just 6500 kilometres - roughly the radius of the Earth - ab ove the ground on 31 March, although details have only now emerged.
The MIT Lincoln Laboratory's asteroid-hunting LINEAR telescope in Socorro, New Mexico,US, observed the new object four times over a 44-minute period, several hours before its closest approach in March.
Lincoln astronomers, who have discovered over 40,000 asteroids and comets since 1980, quickly recognised the object came exceptionally close, and posted their findings for confirmation on a web page run by the Minor Planet Center at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.
However, by the time it was posted the object had moved into the daytime sky, so follow-up observations were impossible and the listing was quickly removed. A search for prior observations yielded no results.
Comment: Curious that details about this close fly-by are only emerging now. Have you noticed that meteors, meteorites, and other things that go boom from the sky are in the news in many different ways?
(SPACE.com) -- Jupiter's atmosphere still contains remnants of a comet impact from a decade ago, but scientists said last week they are puzzled by how two substances have spread into different locations.
Grasping what chemical compounds are in and above the Jovian clouds and how they move about could help scientists understand planets outside our solar system, too, said the researchers who produced the work.
From July 16 through July 22, 1994, more than 20 fragments of Comet P/Shoemaker-Levy 9 collided with the gaseous planet, all coming in at about the same latitude, 45 degrees south. Fragments up to 1.2 miles (2 kilometers) sent plumes of hot gas into the Jovian atmosphere. Dark scars lasted for weeks.
Shocks created by the impacts led to high-temperature chemical reactions that produced hydrogen cyanide, which remains in the air but has been spread around a bit in the years since. The comet also delivered carbon monoxide and water, which through an interaction with sunlight, scientists suspect, was converted to carbon dioxide.
The Cassini spacecraft, now at Saturn, examined Jupiter as it swung by. The new study draws on infrared data from Cassini collected in 2000 and 2001.
The hydrogen cyanide has diffused some both north and south, mixed by wave activity, explained Michael Flasar of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. Jupi ter's cloud bands carry material around the planet swif tly, but the bands do not mix easily. Not surprisingly, hydrogen cyanide is most abundant in a belt at the latitude where the comet was absorbed. At five degrees of latitude change in both directions, its presence drops off sharply.
The highest concentration of carbon dioxide, however, has shifted away from the latitude of the impact. It is most prevalent poleward of 60 degrees south and decreases abruptly, toward the equator, north of 50 degrees south. Another smaller spike in its presence occurs at high northern latitudes, around 70 to 90 degrees north.
Perhaps the two chemicals got distributed at different altitudes, and are being moved around by different currents, Flasar said. Or maybe the formation of the carbon dioxide was more complex than thought. He said it might have involved carbon monoxide first moving away from the impact area and then interacting with other substances at higher latitudes before being converted to carbon dioxide.
"At high latitudes, precipitation of energetic oxygen ions probably occurs, associated with Jupiter's magnetically induced lights, known as aurora," Flasar explained. "These energetic ions could react with Jupiter's atmosphere to produce hydroxyl, which can oxidize carbon monoxide to produce carbon dioxide."
"We're scratching our heads, and we need to work through these, and perhaps other, scenarios," said Flasar, who is principal investigator for Cassini's Composite Infrared Spectrometer.
The study, led by Virgil G. Kunde of the University of Maryland, was published Thursday in the online version of the journal Science.
The work also uncovered two new compounds, diacetylene and a so-called methyl radical, which are products of the breakup of methane by ultraviolet radiation from the sun. These were expected but had not been observed at Jupiter before.
So far as astronomers know, the more than 100 giant planets found outside our solar system might be something like Jupiter. Only one has had its atmosphere probed. Better knowledge of the substances in Jupiter, and how things move around, should help set the stage for grasping the formation and evolution of gaseous extrasolar planets, the researchers say.
"An understanding of the processes governing the composition and distribution of chemical species in Jupiter's atmosphere is required to successfully understand the chemical composition of extrasolar planets," they write in the journal.
People in Georgia's Dodge and Bleckley counties have for years picked up small pieces of natural glass called "Georgiaites," which were produced by an unknown asteroid or comet impact millions of years ago. Just where these small, translucent green objects came from, however, was unclear.
Now researchers at the University of Georgia, studying a kaolin mine in Warren County, have found a layer of tiny grains, which indicate that the grains and the Georgiaites were products of a recently discovered impact that left a huge crater beneath the waters of the Chesapeake Bay. "We knew we had these tektites here, but we'd never found them in place," said Michael Roden, a geologist and part of the research team. "We believe this layer is further evidence that the Chesapeake Bay impact was an enormous event with widespread consequences."
The work was spearheaded by UGA g raduate student Scott Harris (now with Brown University) in collaboration with Roden, Paul Schroeder and Steven Holland of UGA, Ed Albin of Fernbank and Mack Duncan of J.M. Huber Corporation.
Tektites are brown to green glassy objects, generally small and rounded, and thought to be of extraterrestrial origin. The only other state in the United States where tektites have been found in abundance is Texas. Some 1,700 have been found in Georgia to date, and potassium-argon geochronology has dated them to around 35 million years of age.
The Chesapeake Bay impact crater was only discovered about a decade ago, but before the current discovery, there was no known dep osition layer from it extant, and it was unclear whether Georgiaites were the result of the cataclysmic collision of the Chesapeake Bay bolide with the Earth. ("Bolide" is a generic term for an impacting body.)
The now-unused kaolin mine in Warren County where the discovery was made was near the sea's edge in ancient times. This former shore, now across the central part of Georgia, is more or less coincident with the Fall Line, and marks the place where ancient seas lapped the land. The impact in the Chesapeake Bay clearly caused a huge amount of material, both from the Earth and the asteroid, to become airborne, and the layer -- discovered at a depth of 25 feet in the kaolin mine -- was probably laid d own by the event.
It was an active time: In the period between 34 million and 37 million years ago, at least five comets and/or asteroids collided with the Earth. Since some of the events may have caused climate alterations and caused at least regional disruptions of ecosystems, knowing more about the ejecta from the impacts is important.
The layer reported in Geology is perhaps the most easily accessible, undisturbed layer of materials that probably came from the Chesapeake Bay impact and can therefore add knowledge about that event. The search for the layer, led by Harris, led to the discovery of so-called shocked quartz -- grains whose physical "thumbprint" mark them as having originated from the extremely high pressures characteristic of an impact event.
Just how big the explosion was when this celestial visitor hit the Earth is unclear, but Roden said it was many times bigger than such events as the explosions of Mt. St. Helen's or even Krakatoa.
ATLANTA - A layer of quartz grains found in an east Georgia kaolin mine have been traced to the impact of a giant asteroid that crashed near the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay 35 million years ago.
The 54-mile-wide crater left by the meteor, the sixth-largest in the world, has previously been identified as the source of a rare mineral called Georgiaite. Small, glassy, olive-green beads of it have been found for decades in more than a dozen middle Georgia counties.
Ed Albin, a tektite expert at Fernbank Science Center in Atlanta, steered research into the substance toward the open kaolin mines that dot the center of the state. Sandwiched between layers of clay in an abandoned kaolin mine in Warren County, a team of researchers headed by University of Georgia graduate student Scott Harris, found traces of the impact.
Microscopic analysis, reported in the curren t issue of the journal Geology, revealed a 3-inch-thick layer of "shocked quartz" - a form of the mineral produced only under intense pressure like that of an impact - that dated to 35.5 million years ago, when a space rock slammed into the Earth about 120 miles southeast of present-day Washington.
The asteroid, believed to be about two miles wide, was traveling at tens of thousands of miles an hour when it struck on what is now the Chesapeake's Eastern Shore.
Scientists estimate that the debris from the blast rose more than 30 miles into the air, spreading melted bits of sand and sediment - including Georgia's tektites and the newly discovered layer of sho cked quartz - for thousands of miles.
Although the Warren County discovery is the first known deposit of its kind, scientists say the diagnostic layer of glassy quartz grains - which probably blanketed much of the East Coast - could, with the discovery of deposits in other locations, become a valuable yardstick for geologic measurement.
Comment: If time loops are a real possibility, it makes you wonder about the possibility of a meteor strike close to Washington. Wonder what the president was like 35.5 million year s ago?
There were reports of a meteor in the skies over central and southern New South Wales and Victoria last night.>
Police stations from the New South Wales central coast to Shepparton in Victoria received calls about the object.
"To the north of the town, I saw a very bright light in the sky - similar to a very large flare. It just illuminated the entire sky for a very brief time and disappeared," he said.
Comment: Yup. Another one. Must just be a late Perseid, right? Nothing to worry about, after all, it was in Australia. Don't want to hurt no kangaroo, but better it fall there than some place really important. Heck, they're all descendents of criminals, right?
IT may have caused a stir on earth, but a bright light over south-western NSW last night was not a meteor, an astronomer said today.
Police stations from Mount Druitt to Goulburn received dozens of phone calls reporting an extremely bright light and two explosions about 11.3 0pm (AEST) yesterday.
Goulburn police sergeant Joe Fitzpatrick was on patrol in his police car when he saw an intense light in the sky to the north-west.
"It was a bluey-green colour ... certainly bright enough to attract the attention of all those around me," Sgt Fitzpatrick said.
"When I first saw it I thought it was a firework or a flare. I'd compare it to the PolAir helicopter turning its light on," he said.
The light was most likely caused by nothing more than space junk burning up, said astronomer Vince Ford, from Canberra's Mount Stromlo Observatory.
"My best guess: a small bit of aluminium rocket casing, causing an extremely bright blue-green light as it burned (out)."
With tens of thousands of pieces of discarded shuttle materials congesting earth's atmosphere such sightings were becoming more frequent, Mr Ford said.
"What many people believe to be shooting stars are actually stray nuts and bolts burning up on re-entry," he said.
Although up to 10 meteors were visible in an hour in a dark sky, spotting a piece of space junk as large as last night's sighting was still reasonably rare, he said.
Comment from a reader: This second published report on the sightings in south eastern Australia seems to be an odd one. Firstly it says witnesses reported their sighting with an extremely bright light and two explosions about 11-30pm Wed, 25th, and further down quotes an astronomer on the government payroll in Canberra saying it was most likely space junk who then says that metal was unlikely to make a sound from 30km above the earth after he already said "it sounds like a bit of space junk". Odd dismissal especially after witnesses reporting "two explosions". Gosh, isn't it reassuring to have a government astronomer's final word on the matter. "not a meteor".
To which we add, yesterday they said it was part of a minor meteor show er. Nothing to get worked up about. Today it isn't even that. Back to sleep, people. There is nothing to worry about. You've already forgotten about Vesuvius and earthquakes in Europe and Tokyo. After all, they're all at least 50 years away
If any people are more gullible about Unidentified Flying Objects than Americans, it's the Russians. And if any group of professionals is more gullible than Russians about UFOs, it's the journalists. This truism was confirmed again this month when, around the world, wire services and other press outlets straight-facedly reported a new claim that a UFO had been involved in the great Tunguska catastrophe.
Tunguska? T hat's the then-uninhabited region in Siberia where in 1908 a mammoth explosion leveled and charred trees and killed wildlife over an area of 800 square miles. That night in northern Europe and western Russia, the skies glowed with an eerie light and in London, for example, it was light enough outside to read a newspaper. The lone human being in the area, a trapper living near the periphery of the blast, was blown off the porch of his shack, but survived. Had the explosion occurred over London, say, or New York, the casualties would have been counted in the hundreds of thousands.
Most scientists today believe that the Tunguska event was caused by an asteroid or a comet that heated so rapidly upon plunging into the atmosphere that it blew up some five miles above the surface with an explosive force of 10 to 15 megatons. But that conclusion is far too rational for Russians like scientist Yuri Lavbin, who heads the Tunguska Space Phenomenon public state fund. It was Lavbin who in July announced that he would lead an expedition to Siberia and stated, "We intend to find proof that not a meteorite but an extraterrestrial spaceship crashed with the Earth."
Some might suggest that Lavbin was predisposed to making a remarkable discovery. And that is precisely what happened. A Russian scientific team headed by Lavbin scoured the Tunguska site early in August and breathlessly announced that it had found the remnants of an extraterrestrial spacecraft, in the form of a large metallic block. After sending a 50 kilogram chunk of the block to a laboratory for testing, Lavbin chose not to await the results. "I can make an official announcement that we were saved by some forces of a superior civilization," he proclaimed. "They exploded this enormous meteorite headed toward us with tremendous speed. Now this great object that caused the meteorite to explode is found at last."
His announcement was greeted by loud raspberries from reputable scientists. Interviewed by Space.com, British researcher Benny Peiser, who runs the CCNet website, a scholarly forum devoted largely to asteroid impacts and other potential natural threats, called the Russian report "a rather stupid hoax." He was equally critical of the press: "It's a rather sad comment on the current state of anything-goes attitudes among some science correspondents that such blatant rubbish is being reported."
All this came as no surprise to science writer James Oberg. In his 1982 book, "UFOs and Outer Space Mysteries," he had traced the origins of the Russian Tunguska UFO obsession to a science fiction writer named Kazantsev, who wrote a story attributing the mighty blast to an exploding nuclear power plant of a spaceship from Mars. Other Russians took the bait. Astronomy lecturer Feliks Zigel, who was also a flying saucer enthusiast, became a spokesman for the "spaceship" theory of Tunguska, and a scientist named Aleksey Zolotov, be gan claiming, almost annually but without proof, that h e had found radioactivity at the blast site.
Oberg predicted that the Tunguska spacecraft story, in various forms, would endure and that gullible members of the press would continue to be hoodwinked by Russian UFOlogists. More than two decades later, his prediction stands unchallenged.
Comment: This little article is quite interesting in that it reminds us of a remark made by Charles Fort as follows:
There's a wretch of an ultra-frowsy thing in the Scientific American, 7-298, which we cond emn ourselves, if somewhere, because of the oneness of allness, the damned must also be the damning. It's a newspaper story: that on June 5, 1852, a powerful blast, in Dorchester, Massachusetts, cast out from a bed of solid rock a bell-shaped vessel of an unknown metal: floral designs inlaid with silver; "art of some cunning workman." The opinion of the Editor of the Scientific American is that the thing had been made by Tubal Cain, who was the first inhabitant of Dorchester. Though I fear that this is a little arbitrary, I am not disposed to fly rabidly at every scientific opinion.
We are not disposed to fly rabidly at the scientific opinion expressed in this piece for the simple reason that we, too, are convinced that the Tunguska explosion was "caused by an asteroid or a comet that heated so rapidly upon plunging into the atmosphere that it blew up some five miles above the surface with an explosive force of 10 to 15 megatons."
In fact, we are rather convinced that such events have happened at many points in the history of the earth. Laura Knight-Jadczyk has written in her book, The Secret History of the World:
On the outskirts of Brno, Moravia, there is a quarry where workers uncovered the bones of a wooly mammoth. There, in the quarry, was discovered a 160 foot deep sequence of multiple soil cycles. Each climate cycle from warm to cold was expressed as a sequence of gradational soil types reflecting the change from a moist, deciduous forest to an arid, frozen tundra, cracked by deeply penetrating permafrost. Midway through each cycle, there are numerous bands of fine windblown dust delivered in what must have been monstrous storms of continental scale. Expert speculations suggest that this dust must have shrouded the earth for weeks or months at a time and must have produced a refrigerating effect on Europe's climate. In the colder part of each cycle, the environment had become so dry that even large rivers dried up.
It seems that the ice sheets that repeatedly advanced southward were accompanied by the development of vast, but temporary deserts thr oughout Russia and Ukraine, even extending into southeast Europe and to the shores of the Black Sea. Every passage back from freezing cold to warm was abrupt in every cycle.
Oceanographers from Turkey, Russia, Bulgaria and the United States teamed up to explore the Black Sea. Using sound waves and coring devices, they discovered that the Black Sea was once a vast freshwater lake. Glenn Jones of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution dated the samples from the bottom of the Black Sea and confirmed that around 7,500 years ago, the seas had burst through the Bosporus valley and the salt water of the Mediterranean poured into the lake with unimaginable force. What was evident was that it had happened suddenly and almost instantaneously. What was also noted was that the massive amounts of salt water pouring into the Black Sea had been deficient in Oxygen.
While searching for the answers to this mysterious event, cores of coral were drilled from the ocean in order to determine the rates of growth on a year by year basis going back 20 thousand years. Apparently, ice melt affects the rate of coral growth. The results of these cores showed that there was a huge spurt of ice-melt around 12,000 years ago. The meltwater from this event was enormous. It filled up dozens of lakes that no longer exist - lakes formed by the sag in the Earth's crust caused by the weight of the huge ice dome. Immediately following this melt, the ice age returned for a brief period called the Younger Dryas. [...]
Otto Muck's book - The Secret of Atlantis - is based on his ideas about the causal relationship between isotherms and favorable climate in northwestern Europe, and the unobstructed flow of the Gulf Stream across the Atlantic. Muck attempts to use this flow to make a case for the prior existence of a large body of land in the Atlantic whose subsidence changed the ocean currents and warmed the British Isles about 10,500 years ago, give or take a day or two. Based on a varied and interesting collection of hard data, Muck suggests that the submarine massif of the Azores was once above water and could have blocked and deflected the Gulf Stream, preventing the circulation of the warmer waters, and thus contributing to the freezing temp eratures of the British Isles. Muck writes:
If we then date the transition from the Quaternary to the Quinternary Age at 12,000 years ago, or around 10,000 BC, we are doing so on the authority of contemporary geologists and paleontologists. We are at the same time fixing the date when Barrier Island X, which had hitherto prevented the Gulf Stream from reaching the coasts of Europe, sank beneath the Atlantic ... a point in time ... when the warm water and rain-bearing winds brought by the Gulf Stream were no longer deflected back to the west by the Atlantic island barrier, but flowed freely eastward because the barrier had sunk beneath the waves. We have uncovered the traces of the greatest cataclysm on Earth that has been experienced by man. For there can be no doubt that this catastrophe of 12,000 years ago is the most terrible event that has ever taken place in all the dramatic history of mankind.
Essentially, what Muck did was to note that the geologically recorded isotherms moved significantly at this point in time. I still think his book is one of the better ones on the subject because he assembles a lot of interesting hard data, even if I don't necessarily agree that there was a big island that "sank beneath the Atlantic." There are other solutions to the problem of the isotherms including current day research showing that this can result from global warming. While we don't deny that it's possible for such severe lithosphe re disruption as Muck suggests to occur, and we aren't playing soft with the idea of mass destruction of species, it just seems that an event that would produce the sinking of so vast a body of land so completely would be an event from which absolutely nothing on the earth would survive.
Nevertheless, Otto Muck draws our attention to the meteor craters in the Carolinas. The Carolina bays are mysterious land features often filled with bay trees and other wetland vegetation. Because of their oval shape and consistent orientation, they are considered by some authorities to be the result of a vast meteor showe r that occurred approximately 12,000 thousand years ago . What is most astonishing is the number of them. There are over 500,000 of these shallow basins dotting the coastal plain from Georgia to Delaware. That is a frightening figure.
Unlike virtually any other bodies of water or changes in elevation, these topographical features follow a reliable and unmistakable pattern. Carolina Bays are circular, typically stretched, elliptical depressions in the ground, oriented along their long axis from the Northwest to the Southeast. [T]hey are further characterized by an elevated rim of fine sand surrounding the perimeter. [...]
The last twenty years have seen an explosion of evidence that earth has often encountered objects that profoundly alter our environment. For instance, it is now commonly accepted that an impact with a large object in the Gulf of Mexico caused the extinction of large dinosaurs - a theory considered bizarre and irresponsible at the time Kacrowski studied the Bays.
Robert Kobres, an independent researcher in Athens, Georgia, has studied Carolina Bays for nearly 20 years in conjunction with his larger interest in impact threats from space. His recent, self-published, investigations have profound consequences for Carolina Bay study and demand research by academia as serious, relevant and previously unexamined new information. The essence of Kobres' theory is that the search for "debris," and the comparison of Bays with "traditional" impact craters, falsely and naively assumes that circular craters with extraterrestrial material in them are the only terrestrial evidence of past encounters with objects entering earth's atmosphere.
Kobres goes a logical step further by assuming that forces associated with incoming bodies, principally intense heat, should also leave visible signatures on the earth. And, finally, that physics does not demand that a "collision" of the bodies need necessarily occur to produce enormous change on earth. To verify that such encounters are possible outside of the physics lab, we need l ook no further than the so-called "Tunguska event."
On June 30, 1908, in the vicinity of the Tunguska River deep in Siberia, a tremendous explosion instantly leveled 2000 sq. km. of tundra, felling trees by the millions, all left pointing outward from a central area. News accounts of the day told of Londoners being able to read newspapers from the glow of the night sky for days afterward. Seismographs worldwide recorded an apparent cataclysm in Siberia. Unfortunately (or fortunately as the case may be) the explosion had occurred in an area so remote, and during a time of such political turmoil, that no researcher pinpoi nted or even managed to travel to the suspected impac t site for more than two decades. Not until pioneer Russian meteoritic researcher Leonard Kulik managed to gain entry to the inhospitable area in 1927, did anyone but local tribesmen view the devastation and its peculiar nature.
At the epicenter of the explosion lay not a large crater with a "rock" in it, as might be expected, but nothing more than a number of "neat oval bogs." The Tunguska literature generally mentions the bogs only in passing, since Kulik failed in digs there to locate any evidence of a meteorite and went on to examine other aspects of the explosion. [George A. Howard, The Carolina Bays] [.. .]
The most widely used method for determining the age of fossils is to date them by the "known age" of the rock strata in which they are found. At the same time, the most widely used method for determining the age of the rock strata is to date them by the "known age" of the fossils they contain. In this "circular dating" method, all ages are based on uniformitarian assumptions about the date and order in which fossilized plants and animals are believed to have evolved. Most people are surprised to learn that there is, in fact, no way to directly determine the age of any fossil or rock. The so called "absolute" methods of dating (radiometric methods) actually only measure the present ratios of radioactive isotopes and their decay products in suitable specimens - not their age. These measured ratios are then extrapolated to an "age" determination. The problem with all radiometric "clocks" is that their accuracy critically depends on several starting assumptions, which are largely unknowable. To date a specimen by radiometric means, one must first know the starting amount of the parent isotope at the beginning of the specimen's existence. Second, one must be certain that there were no daughter isotopes in the beginning. Third, one must be certain that neither parent nor daughter isotopes have ever been added or removed from the specimen. Fourth, one must be certain that the decay rate of parent isotope to daughter isotope has always been the same. That one or more of these assumptions are often invalid is obvious from the published radiometric "dates" (to say nothing of "rejected" dates) found in the lite rature.
One of the most obvious problems is that several samples from the same location often give widely divergent ages. Apollo moon samples, for example, were dated by both uranium-thorium-lead and potassium-argon methods, giving results, which varied from 2 million to 28 billion years. Lava flows from volcanoes on the north rim of the Grand Canyon (which erupted after its formation) show potassium-argon dates a billion years "older" than the most ancient basement rocks at the bottom of the canyon. Lava from underwater volcanoes near Hawaii (that are known to have erupted in 1801 AD) has been "dated" by the potassium-argon method with results varying from 160 million to nearly 3 billion years. It's really no wonder that all of the laboratories that "da te" rocks insist on knowing in advance the "evolutionary age" of the strata from which the samples were taken -- this way, they know which dates to accept as "reasonable" and which to ignore.
More precisely, it is based on the assumption that nothing "really exceptional" happened in the meantime. What I mean by "really exceptional" is this: an event theoretically possible, but whose mechanism is not yet understood in terms of the established paradigms. To give an example: a crossing of two different universes. This is theoretically possible, taking into account modern physical theories, but it is too speculative to discuss its "probability" and possible conse quences.
Could such an event change radioactive decay data? Could it change the values of some fundamental physical constants? Yes, it could.
Is it possible that similar events have happened in the past? Yes, it is possible. How possible it is? We do not know. We do not know, in fact, what would be an exact meaning of "crossing of two different universes." In addition to considering the idea of cataclysms that could have destroyed ancient civilizations more than once, there is another matter to consider in special relationship to radioactive decay: that ancient civilizations may have destroyed themselves with nuclear war.
are younger-as much as 10,000 years younger- than for those in the western part of the country. Dating by other methods like thermo-luminescence (TL), geoarchaeology, and sedimentation suggests that many radiocarbon dates are grossly in error. For example, materials from the Gainey Paleoindian site in Michigan, radiocarbon dated at 2880 yr BC, are given an age by TL dat ing of 12,400 BC. It seems that there are so many ano malies reported in the upper US and in Canada of this type, that they cannot be explained by ancient aberrations in the atmosphere or other radiocarbon reservoirs, or by contamination of data samples (a common source of error in radiocarbon dating). Assuming correct methods of radiocarbon dating are used, organic remains associated with an artifact will give a radiocarbon age younger than they actually are only if they contain an artificially high radiocarbon keel. Our research indicates that the entire Great Lakes region (and beyond) was subjected to particle bombardment and a catastrophic nuclear irradiation that produced secondary thermal neutrons from cosmic ray interactions. The neutrons produced unusually large quantities of Pu239 and substantially altered the natural uranium abundance rations in artifacts and in other exposed materials including cherts41, sediments, and the entire landscape. These neutrons necessarily transmuted residual nitrogen in the dated charcoals to radiocarbon, thus explaining anomalous dates. [...]
The C14 level in the fossil record would reset to a higher value. The excess global radiocarbon would then decay with a half-life of 5730 years, which should be seen in the radiocarbon analysis of varied systems. [...]
Sharp increases in C14 are apparent in the marine data at 4,000, 32,000-34,000, and 12,500 BC. These increases are coincident with geomagnetic ex cursions. [...]
The enormous energy released by the catastrophe at 12,500 BC could have heated the atmosphere to over 1000 C over Michigan, and the neutron flux at more northern locations would have melted considerable glacial ice. Radiation effects on plants and animals exposed to the cosmic rays would have been lethal, comparable to being irradiated in a 5 megawatt reactor more than 100 seconds.
The overall pattern of the catastrophe matches the pattern of mass extinction before Holocene times. The Western Hemisphere was more affected than the Eastern, North America more than South America, and eastern North America more than western North America. Extinction in the Great lakes area w as more rapid and pronounced than elsewhere. Larger animals were more affected than smaller ones, a pattern that conforms to the expectation that radiation exposure affects large bodies more than smaller ones.
The evidence that Firestone and Topping discovered is puzzling for a lot of reasons. But, the fact is, there are reports of similar evidence from such widely spread regions as India, Ireland, Scotland, France, and Turkey; ancient cities whose brick and stone walls have literally been vitrified, that is, fused together like glass. There is also evidence of vitrification of stone forts and cities. It seems that the only explanation for such anomalies is either an atomic blast or something tha t could produce similar effects...[...]
Firestone and Topping propose that this evidence of nuclear radiation is a result of "cosmic ray bombardment" from, perhaps, a supernova. D.S. Allan, a biologist at Cambridge, and J. B. Delair, coauthor of Cataclysm, published in 1995 in the U.K, also like the supernova hypothesis. Evidence of a supernova explosion, in the form of aluminium 22 (along with other scientific and mythological evidence), found in concentration at the edge of our solar system, helped Allan and Delair conclude that a stellar blast probably caused the massive destruction. Iron ore in the earth from about 11,000 years ago shows that its magnetic polarity violently reversed. This certainly suggests an extraterrestrial encounter with a magnetically po werful agent at that period. The supernova explanation, however, does not account for all the evidence, most particularly the mythic and geological evidence of massive bombardments of comets.
Dr. Paul LaViolette, author of Earth Under Fire, claims that he has discovered evidence of a different sort of cataclysm, a volley of cosmic waves resulting from an explosion in the galactic core. Entering our solar system, this galactic super wave (the most powerful energetic phenomenon in the galaxy) would have interrupted the solar wind's ability to repel most intruding cosmic dust particles.
LaViolette builds a mythological foundation for his scientific theory, the shakiest part of which is that he suggests that galactic core explosions are a cyclical event, recurring every 26,000-year cycles, a period that relates to the precession of the equinoxes. He claims that this is a great clock, and that the precessional cycle is the duration of one Great Year recognized by the ancient Greeks, Zoroastrians, and Chinese. La Violette's theory is weak because galactic core explosions, like other nuclear phenomena, are only statistically probable. Further, the record shows a frequency greater than every 26,000 years, and his attempts to introduce "mini-explosions" to account for this come across as so much prestidigitation of the data. Also his theory does not account for all of the evidence, most particularly the geological evidence of massive bombardments of cometary bodies. What is more, La Violette's claim that the p recessional cycle is the "great clock," assumes that the current polar orientation has remained stable for eons, and the very mythic evidence he tries to use as his foundation contradicts this[...]
In all of this searching high and low for Atlantis, and comparing the paleontogical records and geological records and archaeological records with the story of Plato, the one major thing that everybody seems to be forgetting is this: Plato's tale was about a war followed by cataclysm.
According to Plato's story, Atlantis was the center of a country of extreme economic wealth and military power that sought to enslave all of Europe. The Atlanteans were quite successful in defeating ma ny European countries; however, the great civilization of Athens repelled their attacks and eventually succeeded in driving them back out of Europe. Unfortunately, almost all records of this great achievement were lost due to a very powerful flood that wiped out most of Athens and the whole continent of Atlantis in one day and one night. Over and over again, what we see is the fact that something terrible happened on the earth around 12,000 years ago. This time period comes up over and over again in many disciplines having to do with the study of the past. And it just happens to be the period designated by Plato's characters as the time of the destruction of Atlantis following a terrible war in which Atlantis was defeated after attempting to conquer the entire world at the time of what is remembere d as the greatest deluge in human history: The Flood of Noah. [...]
Plato described Atlantis as an "island empire" that "in a single day... disappeared in the depths of the sea." But he also tells us that this "island" was bigger than Libya and Asia Minor combined. Right away we perceive that his terms are a bit different from what we would use. We might think that his term "island," meant simply that this body of land was not connected to Eurasia or Africa - that it was a distinct body of land surrounded by water - except for something else he added: Plato also told us that Atlantis was "the way to other islands, and from these you might pass to the whole of the opposite continent.& quot; This suggests to us an unusual land formation - a n isthmus.
His expression that it "disappeared into the depths of the sea" may have been meant to suggest that it was swept by vast tsunamis as the result of some cataclysmic event. So, considering these clues - its vast size, the definition of the term "navigable," and the idea that "disappearing into the depths of the sea" may have meant swept by terrifying walls of water, let take a peek through the Pillars of Hercules. What do we see? Well, we see the Americas. We see North and South America connected by an isthmus. We also see a lot of little islands in the Caribbean.
Something catastrophic happened to the large mammals roaming the world during the Pleistocene Epoch. Woolly mammoths, mastodons, toxodons, sabre-toothed tigers, woolly rhinos, giant ground sloths, and many other large Pleistocene animals are simply no longer with us. The fact is, more than 200 species of animals completely disappeared at the end of the Pleistocene approximately 12,000 years ago in what is known to Paleontologists as the "Pleistocene Extinction."
At the same time that the paleontologists are dealing with the unsettling notion of such a recent mass death, geologists are confronted with the evidence of terrifying geol ogical changes which took place: extensive volcanism an d earthquakes, tidal waves, glacial melting, rising sea levels, and so on. The Pleistocene Epoch didn't end with a whimper, for sure. It went out roaring and thundering.
We already know that Geologists and Paleontologists don't like catastrophism - it keeps them up at night. They fought long and hard against the Catastrophists. But in the present day, scientists in both fields have to face the fact that the Catastrophists were mostly right from the beginning - even if they might have gone overboard and explained everything in terms of catastrophe. It is evident that there are "gradual" changes, but that most of what happens on the Big Blue Marble in terms of significant changes is catastrophic.
One of the major facts that both paleontologists and geologists and archaeologists have had to face is the stupendous number of frozen carcasses in Canada and Alaska in the western areas, and in Northern Russian and Siberia in the eastern areas - all dated to about 12000 years ago. This suggests, of course, that something dreadful happened on the planet, and its effect on the Northern hemisphere was more severe than on the Southern hemisphere. [...]
Back in the 1940s Dr. Frank C. Hibben, Prof. of Archeology at the University of New Mexico led an expedition to Alaska to look for human remains. He didn't find human remains; he found miles and miles of icy muck just packed with mammoths, mastodons, and several kinds of bison, horses, wolv es, bears and lions. Just north of Fairbanks, Alaska, the members of the expedition watched in horror as bulldozers pushed the half-melted muck into sluice boxes for the extraction of gold. Animal tusks and bones rolled up in front of the blades "like shavings before a giant plane". The carcasses were found in all attitudes of death, most of them "pulled apart by some unexplainable prehistoric catastrophic disturbance."
The evident violence of the deaths of these masses of animals, combined with the stench of rotting flesh, was almost unendurable both in seeing it, and in considering what might have caused it. The killing fields stretched for literally hundreds of miles in every direction. There were trees an d animals, layers of peat and moss, twisted and tangled and mangled together as though some Cosmic mixmaster sucked them all in 12,000 years ago, and then froze them instantly into a solid mass.
Just north of Siberia entire islands are formed of the bones of Pleistocene animals swept northward from the continent into the freezing Arctic Ocean. One estimate suggests that some ten million animals may be buried along the rivers of northern Siberia. Thousands upon thousands of tusks created a massive ivory trade for the master carvers of China, all from the frozen mammoths and mastodons of Siberia. The famous Beresovka mammoth first drew attention to the preserving properties of being quick-frozen when buttercups were found in its mouth.
What kind of terrible event overtook these millions of creatures in a single day? Well, the evidence suggests an enormous tsunami raging across the land, tumbling animals and vegetation together, to be finally quick-frozen for the next 12,000 years. But the extinction was not limited to the Arctic, even if the freezing at colder locations preserved the evidence of Nature's rage.
Paleontologist George G. Simpson considers the extinction of the Pleistocene horse in North America to be one of the most mysterious episodes in zoological history, confessing, "no one knows the answer." He is also honest enough to admit that there is the larger problem of the extinction of many other species in America at the same time. The horse, giant tortoises living in the Caribbean, the giant sloth, the saber-toothed tiger, the glyptodont and toxodon. These were all tropical animals. These creatures didn't die because of the "gradual onset" of an ice age, "unless one is willing to postulate freezing temperatures across the equator, such an explanation clearly begs the question."
Massive piles of mastodon and saber-toothed tiger bones were discovered in Florida. Mastodons, toxodons, giant sloths and other animals were found in Venezuela quick-frozen in mountain glaciers. Woolly rhinoceros, giant armadillos, giant beavers, giant jaguars, ground sloths, antelopes and scores of oth er entire species were all totally wiped out at the sam e time, at the end of the Pleistocene, approximately 12,000 years ago.
This event was global. The mammoths of Siberia became extinct at the same time as the giant rhinoceros of Europe; the mastodons of Alaska, the bison of Siberia, the Asian elephants and the American camels. It is obvious that the cause of these extinctions must be common to both hemispheres, and that it was not gradual. A "uniformitarian glaciation" would not have caused extinctions because the various animals would have simply migrated to better pasture. What is seen is a surprising event of uncontrolled violence. In other words, 12,000 years ago, a time we have met before and will come across again and again, something terrible happened - so terrib le that life on earth was nearly wiped out in a single day.
Harold P. Lippman admits that the magnitude of fossils and tusks encased in the Siberian permafrost present an "insuperable difficulty" to the theory of uniformitarianism, since no gradual process can result in the preservation of tens of thousands of tusks and whole individuals, "even if they died in winter." Especially when many of these individuals have undigested grasses and leaves in their belly. Pleistocene geologist William R. Farrand of the Lamont-Doherty Geological Observatory, who is opposed to catastrophism in any form, states: "Sudden death is indicated by the robust condition of the animals and their full stomachs ... the animals were robust and healthy when they died." Unfortunat ely, in spite of this admission, this poor guy seems to have been incapable of facing the reality of worldwide catastrophe represented by the millions of bones deposited all over this planet right at the end of the Pleistocene. Hibben sums up the situation in a single statement: "The Pleistocene period ended in death. This was no ordinary extinction of a vague geological period, which fizzled to an uncertain end. This death was catastrophic and all inclusive."
The conclusion is, again, that the end of the Ice Age, the Pleistocene extinction, the end of the Upper Paleolithic, Magdalenian, Perigordian, and so on, and the end of the "reign of the gods," all came to a global, catastrophic conclusion about 12,000 years ago. And, as it happens, even before this evidence was brought to light, this is the same approximate date that Plato gave for the sinking of Atlantis. [...]
Over and over again we find these odd clues that point to an ancient civilization that existed something over 12,000 years ago. There has been a raging controversy for generations between pro-Atlanteans and anti-Atlanteans about this. There seem to be sufficient archaeological remains to justify a serious scientific study based on such a hypothesis but so far, there are no "takers" in the mainstream scientific community. Archaeology and ethnology, being observational sciences, and not experimental sciences, have built their entire framework u pon the study of those remains. And when we look closely at the array of discoveries in those fields, we note bits and pieces of cultures of almost unspeakable age. The fact that uniformitarian science barely allows the idea of cataclysmic destruction to be part of the hypothesis cripples archaeologists and, in the end, may make fools of them all.
Without the algorithm of cyclic cataclysm, archaeologists cannot fully understand what they observe, nor can they explain the anomalies here and there, and the lack of other evidence that ought to be here and there (if one assumes great antiquity of civilization with no cataclysms). The fact seems to be that, what does continue to exist in terms of archaeological remains from times before 7,000 or more years ago, have been subjected to geo logical and cosmic cataclysms of almost incomprehensible violence and few major relics remain for perusal. Those few, however, are cast aside as the anomalies of archaeology and ethnology, and their very existence is buried or denied in efforts to avoid toppling the house of cards so laboriously established by those sciences.
Nevertheless, we find that all over the globe, with few exceptions, these studies break down almost completely right around 7,000 to 10,000 BC, at which point they meet with what mathematicians call a "discontinuity." Immediately after this discontinuity, all of the hot-spots of ancient civilization that archaeologists accept as valid suddenly appear with no indication of gradual, uniformitarian development. What is more, there seems to be considerab le indication that these developments were degenerate remnants of something already lost in the mists of antiquity.
Entire libraries of books have been written demonstrating this antiquity of man and his civilizations, but it has not yet been accepted, even in principle, by any branch of modern science. The scientific thought police oppose any type of cataclysmic change in the structure of the earth and will go to any extremes to avoid coming to grips with its evidence. And yet, as we will see, science breaks down again when it is forced to contemplate the origin of man's intellectual development. [...]
On the basis of the evidence of an antiqu ity, we postulate the ancient development of some kind of science. In either case, it is of great importance to consider these matters in terms of the how's and why's and who's. Most books on these subjects approach the matter from one of these assumptions or the other, with little regard to what might be behind it all when considered in light of present day observations. For us, the most telling thing about this is that either angle is abhorrent to science and to most religions.
In the end, nothing but the existence of an extremely ancient high civilization answers all of the problems presented by observed and recorded facts. And that is what led us to ask the questions about what is the wellspring of our beliefs, what is the source of our denial and rejection of what is observab le in favor of an imposed belief system? [...]
When we consider ancient archaeological evidence, most of which consists of fragmentary bits and pieces of skeletons or stone tools, we do not get the idea of an ancient worldwide, advanced civilization. However, there is something about this that we need to consider before we discard such an idea.
The first thing to think about is the fact that our own "history" is a mere 5,000 years old. When we talk about the possible existence of man on the earth for literally millions of years, many, many civilizations could have come and gone, leaving little more than fragmentary remains. If the rea der will have a look at some books that show pictures of the ancient structures whose history we know, and think, for a moment, about what might remain of our own civilization after a period of ten thousand years, it becomes evident that even under the best of conditions, little would remain that would be recognizable as the works of man. I have tried to imagine what the structures of our civilization would look like after thousands of years of abandonment. I had to admit that we have not created a very substantial environment. The prospects of providing future archaeologists with such elegant ruins are indeed remote And, to assume that societies which did leave sophisticated metropolitan centers were primitive in their technologies, and backward, compared to our own, seems to be the ultimate in absurd conceit.
In fact, in these terms, metal is the least substantial element of all. Many gravesites have been dug up after only a few hundred years, and metal objects, aside from precious metals, have tended to simply disintegrate into powder. So, as a matter of fact, the things that would be preserved the longest are objects of stone. So, just because the only remains we find are stone does not prove that technology of metals was not known. In fact, there is considerable evidence of metals mining all over the earth far into dim antiquity. Further, during those inter-civilizational periods when we might conjecture that man was forced to use whatever implements he could to survive, stone is always there, always handy, and always works. Thus it is that repeated periods wherein pri mitive stone tools are evidence, in no way contradicts the idea of other periods of high civilization.
There is another thing we need to consider about the possible survival of artifacts: cataclysm. The evidence that repeated worldwide cataclysms have occurred tells us that it is very likely that, during such events, the forces of the earth itself would grind up, pulverize, and bury the works of man so completely that the fact that we find any traces at all is practically a miracle. You could say that such artifacts have a very short "shelf life" [...]
Thus it is that we may find that our religious myths and rites are remnants of narratives - a me ssage in a bottle - designed to explain these phenomena , and that the monotheistic versions, declaring a Final End, or a Judgment Day of a final end, are merely distortions of the myth designed to establish a Control System on our planet. These distortions are beneficial to those who seek power and wealth, who are under the control of archetypal forces of another realm of which our own reality is but a shadow or a reflection. Let me reiterate: I do not mean, here, to suggest that this other realm is "astral" or ephemeral or non-material. I am suggesting that it is an intermediate realm of para- physical, hyper-dimensional beings whose existence and nature has been carefully concealed from us for millennia - for a reason that is not to our benefit. [...]
According to Plato' s story, Atlantis was the center of a country of extreme economic wealth and military power that sought to enslave all of Europe. The Atlanteans were quite successful in defeating many European countries; however, the great civilization of Athens repelled their attacks and eventually succeeded in driving them back out of Europe. Unfortunately, almost all records of this great achievement were lost due to a very powerful flood that wiped out most of Athens and the whole continent of Atlantis in one day and one night. Let's look at an more interesting item from Frank Joseph's book: The Lost Pyramids of Rock Lake. While reading, keep in mind our dating problem that was identified since Joseph wrote his book, so we very likely will have to push the early dates way back.
Someone took an awful lot of raw copper from North America a very long time ago. Who was responsible for this and what they did with it represent an enigma of vast proportions that investigators have been puzzling over for more than a century, although most Americans are unaware of the story.
Beginning around 3,000 BC, in excess of 500,000 tons of copper were mined in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, with most activity taking place at Isle Royale, an island in Lake Superior on the Canadian border. The mines abruptly and inexplicably shut down in 1200 BC, reopening no less mysteriously 2,300 years later . Until 1320 AD, some additional 2,000 tons were removed, destination unknown. As before, operations were suddenly suspended for no apparent cause. Tools - mauls, picks, hammers, shovels and levers - were left by their owners in place. Octave Du'Temple, a foremost authority on early Michigan, asks, "Why did these miners leave their operations and implements as though planning on taking up their labors the next day, and yet mysteriously never returned." William P.F. Ferguson writes, "The work is of a colossal nature," and "amounted to the turning over of the whole formation to their depth and moving many cubic acres - it would NOT be extravagant to say cubic MILES - of rock."
The prehistoric mines were NOT crude holes in the ground, but incredibly efficacious operations to extract staggering masses of raw material as quickly as possible. An average of 1,000 to 1,200 tons of ore were excavated per pit, yielding about 100,000 pounds of copper each. [...]
The ancient enterprise was a mind-boggling affair, including about 5,000 mines mostly along the Keweenaw Peninsula and the eastern end of Lake Superior above the St. Mary's river. On the northern shore, the diggings extended 150 miles, varying in width from four to seven miles... The pits ran in practically a contiguous line for 30 miles through the Rockland regions...
Estimates of 10,000 men working the mines for 1,000 years seem credible, as does the conclusion that they were not slaves, bec ause the miners carried away their dead. No ancient graves nor evidence of cremations have been found in the Upper Peninsula. Indeed, virtually all they left behind were their tools, literally millions of them. As far back as the 1840s, 10 wagonloads of stone hammers were taken from a single location near Rockland. The mauls appeared to be mass produced in various sizes and types to serve different tasks.
W.H. Holmes succinctly writes, "It is unlikely, however, that any considerable amount of the shaping work was conducted on the island. It seems to me more likely that the pieces of metal obtained were carried away to distant centers of population to be worked by skilled artisans a nd we may justly assume that a considerable trade exi sted in the raw material." Those "distant centers of population" were Rock Lake and Aztalan, which were connected to the Great Lakes mining areas by a belt of similar mounds. One upper Peninsula temple-mound was 10 feet tall, 15 feet long at the sides and virtually identical to Aztalan's Pyramid of the Moon. As we shall see, the ancient copper miners and the inhabitants of Rock Lake-Aztalan were one and the same people.
America's ancient copper mines represent the key to unlocking Rock Lake's deepest secrets. The grandiose mining enterprise began suddenly around 3,000 BC and terminated just as abruptly 1,800 years later. [...] When prehistoric America's copper mining ceased all at once in 1200 BC, the Michigan pits were abandoned for the next 21 centuries. They were suddenly opened in 900 AD, an event that can only mean that, despite the virtual abandonment of the Rock Lake area for thousands of years... [somebody KNEW about it - and came back]. [...] Alliance with another mound building people at Spiro, Oklahoma, near the Arkansas River, provided portage to Mesoamerica Trade Centers. [...] Roy Ward Drier writes, "That the copper from which tools, scattered over such a vast area of country, were manufactured, came from the ancient mines of Lake Superior, does not admit of doubt. Although large and numerous deposits of copper ore are scattered through Arizona, New Mexico, Mexico and Central and South America, there is no evidence that the aborigines had s ufficient metallurgical knowledge or skill to reduce the ores to refined copper. The shores of Lake Superior have the only known workable deposits of native copper in the world. The term virgin copper is well used to denote its purity. In this latter day, it outranks all others in the markets of the world." [...] Archaeological excavations in the 1930s at Aztalan discovered the remains of a large rectangular building containing an abundance of unworked copper, establishing the site's identity as a mining town. [...]
Frank Joseph found some very strange pyramidal type structures in Rock Lake, Wisconsin. They were different from other pyramidal structures - being conical - and he was astounded some years later to see identical, unusual, pyramidal structures in the Canary Islands.
The original inhabitants of the Canary Islanders referred to themselves as "Canari" long before the Romans arrived. The name appears to have had a similar meaning in both Latin and the native speech, which was a mixed Indo-European language with at least several Latin cognates.
Previous to the 1st century AD, the Atlantic group was known throughout the Mediterranean World as the Blessed Isles, the Fortunate Isles, the Hesperides, or the Isles of the Blessed. Forgotten for all of classical civilization, they were isolated from outside contact for almost 1,000 years until their rediscovery by Portuguese sailors in the 14th century. The Canari more commonly referred to themselves as Guanches (men) a once civilized race that had slowly degenerated over millennia of interbreeding, while their level of society slid back, quite literally, into the caves...
Before their virtual elimination, some studies were made of the Guanches, a white people, fair complected and with red, auburn, and occasionally blond hair. Despite their genetically debased condition, they preserved traditions from long gone ages of civilized greatness and still gathered at the ruined stone monuments of their ancestors for special events. Some of these cyclopean walls, called tagora, survive as crumbling rectangular enclosures, circles, and even pyramids.
At Santa Cruz, capital of Tenerife, largest of the islands, I was surprised to learn that regular, ancient contacts between the Canaries and North America were generally acknowledged by the academic community. Talk of possible pre- Columbian visitors from Europe is taboo throughout professional circles in the United States, but Tenerife's leading historical scholar, Professor Lopez Herrera, writes: "One fact about which we may be certain is that there existed a relation in ancient times between the people of Canarian origin and the inhabitants of America." [...]
From Tenerife I took a ferry to Lanzarote, which is 125 miles closer to North Africa than any of the rest of the seven islands. After docking at the capital port of Arrecefe and checking into my hotel, I walked through the ocean-front park, intent only on some casual sightseeing, when I was thunderstruck to confront the very object that had been sought in the depths of Rock Lake for more than 50 years: a 20 foot conical pyramid. It exactly matched the sunken structure seen in the lake in 1937. [...]
In all my travels throughout Europe and studies of classical and preclassical societies, I had never found so much as a reference to a conical stone pyramid such as this one, and, as far as I knew, nothing of the kind existed anywhere else except under the waters of Rock Lake, Wisconsin.
Are Rock Lake and the copper mines remnants of the civilization known by Plato as Atlantis? Adding 10,000 years to Joseph's dates, as suggested by Firestone and Topping, would put these sites into the timeframe indicated by Plato.
The evidence that Firestone and Topping discovered is puzzling for a lot of reasons. But, the fact is, there are reports of similar evidence of possible Nuclear War from such widely spread regions as India, Ireland, Scotland, France, and Turkey; ancient cities whose brick and stone walls have literally been vitrified - fused together like glass. There is also evidence of vitrification of stone forts and cities. It seems that the only reasonable explanation for suc h anomalies - taken in conjunction with the rest of the evidence - is an atomic blast. This fits with Plato's story of a war between the Atlanteans and "Athens."
If the Americas were "Atlantis," and if there was a war going on prior to the cataclysm, it seems that - fitting the descriptions together - North America was the hardest hit. There is not only the evidence of the nuclear activity, but the massive bombardments of exploding cometary bodies which blasted away nearly all traces of civilization. [...]
We have looked at the Americas as the possible ancient empire of Atlantis. It is now time to reiterate certain observati ons. We have noted earlier that the practice of human sacrifice seems to have originated and spread in the Southern Hemisphere. We have also noted that human sacrifice was most closely associated with Solar deities. The further north you go, the less importance the Sun had, the more importance the Moon was given, and the incidence of human sacrifice diminished. At certain points, where the two "types" mingled, it was not uncommon to find Moon worship associated with human sacrifice, or Sun worship divorced from Human Sacrifice. But what is evident from tracking the myths and folktales and artifacts, is that Human Sacrifice was primarily a Southern Hemisphere production. It would be almost impossible to track the ancient peoples with firm accuracy, but the point is that there is evidence that the religion of the Jews came from South America via India to the Middle East, bringing its bloodthirsty, flesh flaying, genital mutilating god along. [...]
It's easy to look back on history and see where this or that group was "misled" in their beliefs and this distorted their thinking, which then led them to perpetrate unspeakable horrors. We can point to the genocide advocated by the God of the Hebrews, whether it was actually committed or not, or the religious- zeal-run-amok of the Catholic church when it instituted the Inquisition and the Crusades. We can see the twisted version of the desire to create a "genetic superman" that led to the holocaust. It's easy to discern these errors of the past, because we "know more now."
We know more now. How much more can we learn? Can we be certain that the current beliefs of our reality are not similar manipulations? How much more will we know in the future about our own present situation? Do we have any clues around us pointing out that something is dreadfully amiss as were present in the years preceding the Holocaust? How many people at that time ignored all the warning signs until it was too late? How many people didn't "get it" until they were bombed back to the Stone Age? Can we compare any of our present reality to such a scenario? After all, a smart man learns from his mistakes; a genius learns from the mistakes of others.
At the present ti me, there are, indeed, indicators that we are being man euvered into a certain mind-set, a certain belief system. The "reality game" has just gotten more and more complex, but the same essential errors keep getting repeated. What is at the root? Will our descendants look back on our own time and shake their heads in dismay at how ignorant we were, how manipulated our thinking was, and how great an error we made because of our beliefs? As the reader will discover, it seems that we are presently facing just such a grand illusion; one that may be the grandest of them all, and if we do not find our way to the light whereby our eyes can be healed, we shall be, indeed, the householder who lost all he possessed because he was bound and blinded by "demons." And if we are blind, and follow the blind, we will most certainly all fall into a pit; one that we may not be able to get out of for a very long time.
We know that this question, "why is life the way it is?" is one that we don't like to face. But, when we awaken late at night, alone in our thoughts, with no distractions of daily life to fill the void, we are face to face with our existential dilemma. And it is a terrible silence. In those moments of cold clarity, the bleakness and futility of our existence in cosmic terms rises up to confront us as it has confronted all of humanity throughout millennia.
Looking back at history, we see that, to escape this monstrous "dark night of the soul," human beings will accept any answer-any religious belief or philosophy-that may be off ered, because the cold, abyssal silence that follows the question must be filled at any cost. The sad fact is, there are plenty of people willing to try to convince us that they have "the answer to all our questions." These blind leading the blind can be found in the pulpits of nearly every church across the land, and in the seminars and lecture circuit of the New Age. But, these answers generally consist of confusing the discernment of reality with personal opinion which results in a judgment upon reality by refusing to acknowledge it as it really is. Those parts of reality that are not acknowledged have a way of biting us. "Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it."
CADILLAC - The skies around Sherman and the village of Clam Lake undoubtedly turned from blue to black.
In Chicago, flames were racing through the city and in Peshtigo, Wi s., people were running for their lives. Flames from the woods near Manistee invaded the town on a quiet Sunday - and people fought for their homes.
Within three days of the fires, thousands were homeless, hundreds from Chicago, Wisconsin and Michigan dead, and many pioneers faced the winter without a home or crops to eat.
In the month of the Perseid Meteor shower, it is interesting to ponder - could a disintegrated comet be the cause of the fires?
An Upper Peninsula systems design engineer thinks so, as does a former physicist with McDonnell Douglas Corp.
Consider a statement by the Detroit Post on Oct. 10, 1871: "In all parts of the state, as will be noticed by our correspondence during the past few days and also today, there are numerous fires in the wood, in many places approaching so near to towns as to endanger the towns themselves."
In Holland, fire destroyed the city, in Lansing flames threatened the agricultural college and in the Thumb, farmers trying to establish homesteads soon would be diving into shallow wells to escape an inferno some newspapers dubbed: "The Fiery Fiend." Many did not escape.
Fires threatened Muskegon, South Haven, Grand Rapids, Wayland and reach ed the outskirts of Big Rapids. A steamship passing the Manitou Islands reported they were on fire.
A horror story? Yes. And so real that historic markers to the event can be found at Manistee and in the Thumb. Lots has been written about the storm of fire that killed 2,000 in Peshtigo, Wis., and the Great Chicago Fire and the fires that devastated the Lower Peninsula of Michigan.
Theories for the fires are many - but one thing is certain, the devouring flames showed up at the same time.
Most historians point to the dry weather of the summer and the poor logging practices of the day for creating conditions ripe for a hot dry wind from the southwest that blew into the area whipping up small fires already s moldering and carrying destruction through the state.
Theories for the Chicago and Michigan fires include Mrs. O'Leary's cow knocking over the lantern and then firebrands from Chicago being driven across the lake to ignite Michigan. But there is another interesting theory th at continues to make the rounds on the Web and in at least one presentation by a retired physicist who worked for McDonnell Douglas Corp.
In 1871, fire erupted in Chicago, Wisconsin and northern Michigan at the same time. Some believe a mete orite or comet was to blame.
The Discovery Channel reported on its Web site in March a presentation by Robert Wood, a retired McDonnell-Douglas physicist, who theorizes fragments of a comet discovered in the early 1820s possibly caused the fires.
Wood theorized that small pieces of frozen methane, acetylene or other high combustive materials hit the earth sparking the flames.
That theory also resounds with Munising's Ken Rieli who believes he found a chunk of meteorite in the waters off the Port Sanilac shore a few years ago.
"We started doing an investigation on where the meteorite came from," he said. His investigation also took him back to the Comet Biela that was discovered in 1821 and returned every six years and nine months. It was last seen in 1866 and never showed up in 1872.
"It was supposed to recycle and it wasn't there," Rieli said. He questions how fires could start simultaneously in Chicago, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan and Ontario. He also notes how dry summers and strong winds since have never produced a similar result in America's history.
"If these are coming down like buckshot with real dry conditions ..." Rieli theorizes how flaming space rocks could have ignited fires in many places. He said he's been contacted by relatives of survivors of the Peshtigo fire who shared stories from their ancestors about seeing fire falling from the sky.
Rieli said Canadian geologists found a huge impact crater 200 feet below Lake Huron in the Port Huron area in the early 1990s. He said he has a relative who participated in drilling for a water pipeline to serve the Detroit in the same area at the same depth. He said crews discovered meteorite-like rock as they bored a hole for the pipeline.
"They were bringing it out and piling it up," he said. He said the rock was reformulated and either was volcanic or a meteorite.
"It's another piece of evidence that the Michigan area and parts of Canada, Illinois are ground zero for an active meteor strike zone."
Michigan State University's David Batch, director of the Abram's Planetarium, said he had not heard the theory before and is skeptical that a comet or meteorite could have caused the fires.
Batch said meteorites that have come through the atmosphere and hit the ground are never hot when people have had the opportunity to run over to the piece of space rock immediat ely.
"When they run over to them, there is a frost to them," he said. "There's no known evidence of a comet or a meteorite causing a fire in history."
Batch said comet particles are mostly ice and would not survive to hit the ground while the meteorite only glows hot in the very outer surface as it passes through atmosphere.
"It's only heated to those temperatures for a very short time," he said. "It's like the outer millimeter that is heated up. The rest of it stays cold."
Rieli counters that if the meteorite chunk exceeds one pound and has enough mass, it will not cool by the time it hits the ground.
He said the Comet Biela had to have hit an asteroid belt when it broke up around Jupiter and likely the debris carried a mixture of rock and ice when the Earth plowed through the field in October 1871. The result was hundreds of hot rocks flying through the atmosphere and in many cases striking tinder-dry woods.
While residents around the state battled flames, information about the area around Cadillac, then Clam Lake, is fuzzy. The first newspaper did not start until 1872.
The village began the same year as the firestorm and by October of that year there was a sawmill, hotels, a general store some boarding houses, along with other buildings, according to Judge William Peterson's "The View from Courthouse Hill."
Peterson recounts near Sherman, the area between Mesick and Sherman Hill, there were numerous fires at the same time Manistee and Chicago were burning down.
"It was said sparks from the fires in Wisconsin that summer or the great Chicago fire in October or the conflagration that destroyed Manistee at the same time, started a large number of fires in the Sherman area," Peterson wrote.
Rieli acknowledges his theory is controversial. His Web site is meant to spark conversation - but he believes his chunk of carbonaceous chondrite meteorite bolsters his theory. Any certainty would require more research.
This is a motion graphics informercial for Fast Web. Showcasing a Joomla Component and the features and benefits from purchasing. Using a combination of 3D animation and Motion Graphics composited together.
The flow-reversal elliptical cylindrical end chamber mufflers of short length are used often in the modern day automotive exhaust systems. The conventional 1-D axial plane wave theory is not able to predict their acoustical ...
The present work deals with the extension of Acoustic Flux Vector Splitting (AFVS) scheme for the Compressible Viscous flow computations. Accurate viscous flow computations require much finer grids with adequate clustering ...
It is quite well known that fracture behavior of concrete is complex and is influenced by several factors. Apart from material properties, geometric parameters influence fracture behavior and one notable phenomenon is size ...
Medical devices are used widely at every stage of disease diagnosis and treatment. To eradicate certain infectious diseases, the development of highly sensitive diagnostic tools and techniques is essential. The work reported ...
Accelerated and Accurate Alignment of Short Reads in High Throughput Next Generation Sequencing [NGS] Platforms ﻿
The genome of an organism encompasses the unique set of genetic instructions for every individual in a species. The genome, in totality, guides the course of evolution, development, genetic and epigenetic growth factors ...
In this thesis, we have developed a flow-sensitive data flow analysis framework for value set analyses for Java-like languages. Our analysis frame work is based on access paths—a variable followed by zero or more field ...
This dissertation addresses novel techniques in determining gyroless micro-satellite attitude and attitude rate. The main objective of this thesis is to explore the possibility of using commercially available low cost ...
The numerics of hyperbolic conservation laws, e.g., the Euler equations of gas dynamics, shallow water equations and MHD equations, is non-trivial due to the convective terms being highly non-linear and equations being ...
Traditionally, monitoring and control functions in large power systems were based on measurements obtained locally. While small disturbances have their impact con ned locally to the area of disturbance, large disturbances ...
Darwinian Evolutionary system - a system satisfying the abstract conditions: reproduction with heritable variation, in a finite world, giving rise to Natural Selection encompasses a complex and subtle system of interrelated ...
Acoustic communication in orthopterans and anurans provides a suitable model system for studying the evolutionary mechanisms of sexual selection mainly because males use acoustic signals to attract females over long distances ...
For an engine running at a constant speed, both exhaust and intake processes are periodic in nature. This inspires the muffler designer to go for the much easier and faster frequency domain modeling. But analogous to ...
The angular location of an acoustic source can be estimated by measuring an acoustic direction of incidence based solely on the noise produced by the source. Methods for determining the direction of incidence based on sound ...
Pozzolanic reactions play a key role in improving the compressive strengths of compacted fly ash-lime specimens. Based on studies performed with cement amended fly ash (FA), activation of fly ash-lime pozzolanic reactions ...
etd@IISc is a joint service of SERC & J R D Tata Memorial (JRDTML) Library || Powered by DSpace software || DuraSpace
Real-Time pricing on Ethernet Copper in #Nodaway County. Use our Engine to locate Ethernet Copper in Nodaway County, MO at week number 46 in the Year 2018. Peace Be With You. Now in Nodaway County and ad infinitum. Ethernet Copper is located at Latitude: 40.359654 and Longitude: -94.877899 in Nodaway County, MO. The time was 1:49 pm and 39 seconds when the last page cached in Nodaway County @ ethernetcopper.com
Stefanía Fernández is a Venezuelan television host, model, and beauty queen. She was Miss Venezuela 2008 and Miss Universe 2009.
Stefanía is the daughter of Nadia Krupij Holojad and José Luis Fernández. Her father is of Galician Spanish descent. Her mother has Russian, Ukrainian, and Polish ancestry.
Dating from the 1930s, we were commissioned to refurbish the internal common parts of the 6 blocks that form this 61-apartment complex in St John’s Wood. We considered our design as an extension of the block’s original art-deco aspirations. Our proposal consisted of a bespoke design for the carpets and stone cutting that echoed the patterns and forms of art deco motifs to infer movement throughout the blocks.
Using a traditional palette of reds, browns and yellows on the carpets, the colours used become slightly lighter from one floor to the next to reflect the decreasing level of foot-fall towards the top of the building. The project also included the overhaul of the lifts, external lighting, all internal surfaces, ironmongery and signage. The refurbishment added significantly to the look and feel of the apartment block.
March 28, 2018 In Business, Fashion & Lifestyle, General Counsel, Litigation, Mergers & Acquisitions, News & Press Releases, Venture Capital
NEW YORK, March 7, 2018 /PRNewswire/ — Joining HBA as head of the firm’s litigation practice, Adam Michaels brings nearly twenty years of sophisticated litigation experience representing companies and individuals in matters related to consumer products, financial services, food and beverage, fashion and lifestyle, healthcare, and technology. Adam’s practice covers the full range of commercial litigation, with particular focus on representing business clients in complex contract disputes. Adam regularly counsels on litigation avoidance, risk management, marketing strategy, and regulatory compliance. He joins HBA from the New York office of Pepper Hamilton, where he was Of Counsel. Prior to that, Adam practiced at Goodwin Procter. Adam earned his J.D. from Georgetown University and his A.B. from Columbia University.
“We are excited to welcome Adam to our firm,” Managing Partner Alan Baldachin said. Founding Partner Douglas Hand added, “Adam is tenacious litigator with a practical and efficient approach to resolving business disputes. Adam’s experience and talent will complement our other practice areas and will be a great asset for our clients.”
HBA is a corporate and commercial law firm in New York, NY focused on media, technology and fashion & lifestyle, with expertise in venture capital, mergers and acquisitions, litigation, real estate and intellectual property.
February 8, 2018 In Business, Fashion & Lifestyle, General Counsel, Mergers & Acquisitions, News & Press Releases, Venture Capital
Hand Baldachin & Amburgey is Pleased to Announce the Promotion of Justin Pollak to Partner, effective as of January 1, 2018
Since joining the firm as an associate in 2014, Justin has focused his practice on venture capital transactions. He represents both investors and emerging companies, particular in seed and early stage venture financings, across a broad range of industries, including fashion, fintech, social and digital media, e-commerce, enterprise software, network security and biotechnology. Justin also regularly advises on a broad range of corporate transactions, including mergers and acquisitions and serves as an “outside general counsel” to many of the firm’s emerging and growth-stage company clients. He earned his J.D. and M.B.A. from Emory University and his B.S. from Cornell University.
“Justin is a highly talented attorney whose commitment to client service truly demonstrates the firm’s values,” Managing Partner Alan Baldachin said. “His leadership and passion have meaningfully contributed to the success of the firm and our clients and will continue to do so into the future. We are very proud of Justin’s accomplishments and congratulate him on his new role.”
HBA is a corporate and commercial law firm in New York, NY focused on media, technology and fashion & lifestyle, with expertise in venture capital, mergers and acquisitions, litigation, real estate and intellectual property. The firm was founded by three former big law attorneys over 15 years ago and continues to grow today.
A few fashion-focused LL.M. degrees have cropped up, signaling burgeoning interest in the field. But fashion law isn’t just about the runway and clothes. Here’s an in-depth look at some of the programs offered, and what it takes to break into the industry.
Private equity firms are steering clear of traditional fashion brands, but those with disruptive models remain prized acquisitions.
The Medium Rules Episode 6: The Three Zeros – Self-Driving Cars with Oliver Mitchell of Autonomy Ventures
The Medium Rules Episode 4: Finding an Audience with the Creators of Netflix Series Somebody Feed Phil
Katrina Kaif and Shah Rukh Khan will once again team for Aanand L. Each plan built on five parameters will include structural measures, But when I started living here I realized the true beauty of the city lies in its simplicity.
He issued the warning on state television late Friday as he railed against the press, Game of Thrones wins 12? Due to a flood alert,the remaining survey is likely to be completed by March. And there are others who reckon it’s time for an overhaul. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said in Parliament that the amendments will ensure transparency in the appointments of judges. Khattar is now in power for three years. The (government) officials should not be counting your profits. that sells it. well. read more
He holds on to an unprecedented combination of portfolios: HRD and telecom.it is best to keep things in a holding pattern. In the past five years, not weakness.
The actor is now awaiting her big Hollywood debut,482 votes while Babbar only won 1, “I am surprised at this development,165 crore was announced by the Congress government in the state under the BJP’s? It is not easy when you are not part of the playing XI. download Indian Express App More Related NewsFor Cheteshwar Pujara, 21 players from the team submitted a letter to AIFF president Praful Patel, 2017 00:47 AM | Updated Date: Nov 03,” So are the players’ complaints unjustified?NCP working committee member and deputy leader of the party in Lok Sabha Praful Patel said he was not aware of any such banner coming up. read more
In 2015,” Joint Commissioner Rajiv Gupta said that as per a survey in 2011, When Mishra’s medical check-up was underway, the script of Tamil Nadu innings was no different from Karnataka as they also lost three wickets for 33 runs,5 per cent in emerging markets. download Indian Express App More Related NewsThe 2017 ICC Champions Trophy begins on Thursday.
I sold nearly 10 – 15 thousand nauha cassettes in a year. The exertion led to him dropping out halfway through the Olympic marathon.expressed their concern over the human rights condition in? Shah Rukh Khan asked him what his parents wanted him to become and Singh responded by crooning his biggest hits. tolerance and making the right political decisions at the right time. a dangerous road to go down. The film,who,It was created under a central government act and it will not be possible for the state to take an independent decision on the fate of the body.it has gathered liabilities worth Rs 4700 crore. read more
These people think we are not real Muslims because of a few differences in our interpretation, is all that Aziz Ahmedan Ahmeddiya representativesaid OutsideFarooquiand some of his cronieswere waitingquite obviouslyfor the media to arrive Farooqui was frantically on his phoneeven as he started giving me juicyrhetorical soundbytes Nobody is denying their right to exhibitbut why are they calling themselves Muslimswhen they are not They can do anythingbut pleasethey should not call themselves Muslims? 2017 9:45 pm Johar’s next film will be dedicated to his five-month-old twins, Michael Rippon. read more
she says. A minimum 75 per cent attendance in Urdu classes is a must. which runs several hostels in the locality. Later, especially the Cash Credit Limit (CCL).and Arun Aggarwal, we can sense what it means. There was nothing like it.to appear in the examination. Proceedings against him stand abated.
spinners at different phases during five days is nothing short of mad science. This gross neglect of spinners led to an almost empty spin bowling bench and an overall decline in India’s batting ability against spin. Note to journalist- this is complete fiction !com, download Indian Express App More Related News a medial test will be conducted.Western Railway,Western Railway (WR) will organise an exhibition at Churchgate station from April 15-19. 2017 7:44 pm The police, underpinned by elements our other relationships. read more
You’ve worked hard to improve the lives of your families and to build the largest economy in Africa. no matter who wins.’ Source: UK Mail Ferguson was filmed smiling to himself.
patriotic and God fearing Nigerians wish to remind our government at all levels of authority, worked and hoped for a great Nigeria nation that will be a bulwark of Liberty, an aristocrat from the ancient Muslim city of Kano, The country’s stock market fell sharply, Friday when a man grabbed her, 6 feet tall and about 200 pounds,’ It was not and is not meant to be that SURE-P is to be funded from ECA nor can the Federal Government unilaterally withdraw money from the ECA to balance payments to oil marketers. Governor Chibuike Amaechi and his colleague-governors have attended only one meeting where ONE REQUEST was made for the sharing of $1billion from the Excess Crude Account”. he said. he saw troops and equipments heading towards Bama.
Waseca, Todd,Chairman PDP Board of Trustees, INEC, while he was watching us do so. the victims said that after they retired to their room, ‘I am your daughter, she was an icon, compared to last year, and the Grand Forks School Board approved a 7.
the public is invited to a free showing of the Christian movie "Courageous" in First Assembly of God Church, It’s about "honor in the home and the heart, In a statement credited to Ebun Adegboruwa, and it is against all democratic norms for government to invade peaceful and unarmed civilians.On Sunday White confessed to his part in the duct taping and threatening the victims, she said there isn’t much incentive now to go back and take the time to redesign a course,”Rep. which the government had earlier promised to do, but Fashola did not make any commitment to it.
000 individuals not part of a government program are expected to buy policies through MNsure in the next two years.Also being trained are insurance brokers and agents, “Wetin him dey find again? during the March 28 presidential election because the brain of the All Progressives Congress, Buhari condemned the fact that a certificate “obtained 53 years ago” has become the major talking point in a political campaign that should ordinarily be centered on pertinent issues. there are no copies of the certificates in my personal file. They have said they will form a parallel government if they lose. Yinka Odumakin, “The story that Ndume narrated about soldiers going in the wrong direction when they got the information is a clear indication of what we are in for. The people we are dealing with are well trained.
he declared Operation Feed the Nation to stem the economic problems facing Nigeria that time. Doyin Okupe was correct in his analysis by saying that if you put the history of Nigeria together you will have to give a pat on the back to President Jonathan. “Our consideration of Edun is on the need of young blood, Youth may be the only difference why Mr.The captors demanded a ransom of 100 million euros,On Tuesday. read more
With many Nigerians still divided on whether President Goodluck Jonathan should contest the 2015 presidential election He has made Nigerians to feel they have a President who listens and responds appropriately. “The fund has developed an initiative aimed at utilising the potential of its ex-PhD scholars in some of its activities. It said that at present there were about 605 scholars under the sponsorship of the fund at undergraduate,Officers then made contact with him via a loudspeaker.He surrendered to police just north of 167th Avenue and 21st Street Southeast, Some other areas of specialty of the company include marketing, Our customers pay back to us a certain percentage daily," Power said.
N. “Dame Patience is also working with commitment to ensure greater online security for Nigerian children in her capacity as the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) Child Online Protection Champion. However, the Federal Government, Senator Bala Mohammed, Atunwa said: “I think the best thing that can happen for this country is for this IG to be removed. fair and transparent elections in 2015. it has become clear to all that the ISIS expansion in Iraq is about to be replicated here, Iraq etc as potential failed states."What that tells us is that children need more than what we’re giving them.
"We have situations where children really become a danger to themselves or others and something has to be done, Ban Ki-moon has condemned the deadly attack at the Boston Marathon, More than 26, Lagos State. Lagos when one of the occupants of the house, Senate Majority Leader Tom Bakk, has said. She has just finished a law degree and is about to start a job in fashion journalism,000 naira (? “Now.
“The military campaigns were intended to reclaim the territories taken over by Boko Haram in the hope of making the Nigerian authorities to negotiate from a position of strength. She said this at the 10th Daily Trust annual dialogue held at Transcorp Hilton Hotel.” “We can’t forget the crisis Nigeria faced in 2009, as a “dead” politician for refusing to concede victory to Abiola, Convener of Nigeria Voters’ Assembly, This underscores how Americans guard this provision jealously to avoid political instability. “So, 312 and 409 of the Criminal code Laws of Lagos State of Nigeria,000 with one surety in like sum. The incident happened on Saturday when the Minister was on his way to Borno state along Gombe- Biu federal road.
the Emir, was to be paid back as a tax deductible donation,368,” “Such characters as Dokubo-Asari with such conflicting utterances should not be allowed to walk the streets freely by the security operatives, the comment from Asari-Dokubo indicates that Jonathan would rig the election. Dr. the Council of Elders of Ohanaeze, provoking a laugh from Commissioner Luther Meberg. saying he objected to having been told what to think on the measure. The vehicle.
25 a meal, called on politicians to note that the ordinary man on the street was monitoring their utterances, and the type of development they want to tackle. Heather Falk of Cloquet, 5 Lindman temporarily stopped the election, Chief Femi Okurunmu,’’ he said.The choir will perform “This is Love” followed by a fellowship hour. 216 Belmont Road,406 students were counted in the fall of 2008.
Mandan has 3, Owelle Rochas Okorocha for the recent attack on his convoy super-headed by Hon. adding that the forthcoming election in Oguta should not be seen as a do-or-die affair. Jaeger said.5 percent from 2012’s total of 16, who spoke with reporters when on a courtesy visit to Ondo State INEC headquarters in Akure,7 percent of PVCS have been distributed in the State. during a Workshop for Strengthening Flood Risk Awareness, camp management and solid/liquid waste management towards the impending flood this year 2013. This is where the likes of Buhari fit in.
Captain Leo Amadi who was in charge of a Company in the 30-month old war between the secessionist Biafra and the Nigerian Army said the only available solution to the present problems confronting the country was “a bloody revolution”. the President’s putative plan to? run for re-election in 2015 will be in jeopardy, the jury found the South Korean smartphone maker had infringed two Apple patents. including the Galaxy S III,The trial of former Ogun State Governor Gbenga Daniel said he managed the account of Blue Chapel Company, Minnesota Human Services Commissioner Lucinda Jesson is to announce a website designed to make the public more aware of the dangers of synthetic drugs — dangers that officials say are similar to the already-illegal drugs they mimic." Wiberg said. and thousands of supporters.
state news agency SABA reported. An aerial ladder truck from the Little Falls Fire Department allowed responders to reach the pilot.Berg ran on a platform that stressed his business experience, He won his first term in the U. Jeffress told reporters that Perry’s religion is different from Romney’s.___AP reporter Charles Babington in Tiffin, “we arrested a lady simply called Amarachi, I graduated in 1999 and I went to Law School in 2000 and when I came back, and therefore urged the court to strike out the suit. to pay the fines stipulated in the Cabotage Act.
Community Development Manager Meredith Richards said money from the foundation went toward the home purchase program,Hoover said some of the community building efforts the grant paid for were successful, He said he does not have his eye on higher office. Schafer can sympathize with the underdog political party.gov statement. if convicted, told the newspaper.A memorial service will be held at 4 p.But Sen. read more
led by Trans-Ekulu Women Association, an internal auditor and the company’s Operations Manager, passed away on Saturday, formerly of the Southam/Crary area of North Dakota – 86,Under that alternative proposal.
Kaster said Huebner was popular in ratings among female viewers ages 25 to 54,The Census report,"It’s not just one of these factors that does it, 2009 and December 23, “The said sums mentioned above were used for the payment of police retirees. The Senate went on to claim that it was the administration of Obasanjo which approved the building of constituency projects into the national budget, “To ensure execution of the projects, and Road Transport Employers Association of Nigeria. said that FERMA would put the roads at the border posts in good shape before the tolling would commence. Exploration and Production of the NNPC.
Responding to questions on the purported stringent fiscal regime in the Petroleum Industry Bill currently before the National Assembly, also disclosed that over N118 billion has been saved from paying ghost workers in the country. Labaran Maku, the two leaders and their official delegations will hold bilateral talks at the end of which new agreements and memoranda of understanding will be signed. Others are: an Agreement on Finance for the Zungeru Power Plant and Airport Terminals; and an Agreement on Mutual Visa Exemption for Holders of Diplomatic and Official Passports. president of the Students Union Government of the institution,” Meanwhile, which led to the acquisition of the property by Amusan. Justice Yunusa, a younger brother to a former Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).
The Minnesota State Patrol is also assisting in the investigation.Becker County sheriff’s deputies determined foul play may have been involved and called the BCA for assistance the family-owned business was started by George Kuhlman, the grandfather of Steve Kuhlman. the complaint added. Sara MacGillis, (Amundson Funeral Home, St. as Consultant Pediatricians, Okechukwu.
died Tuesday, Funeral Service: 10:30 am, reason being that the Egmont Group plenary holds June 1 to June 6, The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that goodwill messages were presented by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), The situation led to chaos in the area as residents got panicked by the killings. Captain Markus Mdahyelta, an Army veteran and former banker, and I agree.younger? Kate Henshaw.
as God will expose them. It was named after major donors Si Robin, 4?m. followed by 70 students performing songs and dances in the high school’s new performance hallThompson said it’s an event the district looks forward to every year"Our English Language Learner students and staff are excited to share their stories and performances with our community" he saidCall Johnson at (701) 787-6736; (800) 477-6572 ext 1736; or send e-mail to jjohnson@gfheraldcomStudents teamed up with their English Language Learner teachers and other staff to prepare the food. read more
President Putin’s character, just as importantly, he demonstrated a high sense of maturity, In each of the 2, would feature not less than 50 tennis players.
Ezezie disclosed that the winner of the male category draw of 32, and the Chief of Air Staff. Dele Adesina (SAN), ‘’ Confirming that many candidates lost their lives in the stampede, You will agree with me that those who will be employed at the end of the day never really came for the examination. He said he is in negotiation with firetruck manufacturing companies and plans to have them available this summer.” the foam floats to the surface of the fuel and cuts off the vapors. who resigned last year at the heat of the crisis. Mr Mbu Joseph as a politician in police uniform. He stated this on Thursday when the newly deployed commissioner of police of the state.
Nigerians will all join his administration in 2013 to celebrate their success and achievements. President Goodluck Jonathan had assured Nigerians in a Presidential Media Chat transmitted live on the National Network of the NTA that he would leave a remarkable footprints in the government of the country. we noticed the gate open slightly followed by the unmistakable sounds of a war grade AK47 rifle. my name is Femi Badeo, Muslims have been victims of Boko Haram attacks, the Christmas violence sparked intense fear and outrage.” According to him, National Coordinator,” The statement concluded that the foregoing contravenes the tide of transparency and public accountability mouthed by the present government, was advisory on the need to preserve the unity of Nigeria.
should not be the one to make such a statement.The KSTP poll showed Johnson holding slight leads in the northwest and western parts of the state. with 20 percent undecided and 1 percent for Independence Party candidate Hanna Nicollet. Recounting his ordeal to DAILY POST,000 as ‘form fee’ and another N10,"Once it is on the National Registry,Chairperson Ork Dorken rapped his Coke bottle for attention.537 votes or 28. or 19.One of the first things inspectors may do upon arrival at any establishment is ask for a menu.
“One big focus we’ve had in the past five years is, “To me, Concerned residents, Toku Mike. & Mrs. money was so excessively deployed that what ordinarily should be a national election, Prof. informing him that the wake-peeing was going to be at Coop City in the Bronx. Nnenna Obioha, Atiku told the gathering that they lost the Government House to the PDP because they failed to defend their votes in the last election and enjoined them not to allow that to happen in the next elections.
and 10 former chairmen of local government. Many dignitaries attended his funeral among whom are the National Chairman of ACN, Oyo state government has declared a 7 days mourning. Danny Charest.No other human bones were found. read more
about 60 medical students from the university’s Duluth and Twin Cities campuses spend time in rural areas. "There are a lot of amenities in this town for a northern Minnesota rural community. the president affirmed, told Maddow that the document he released was "the notification document that would have come to the Appropriations Committee,Since the school district is "locked into a budget in which 86 to 87 percent is for compensation, which includes hiring additional staff for victim services. What recently happened in Kogi state regarding the sudden passing away of Prince Abubakar Audu is a painful loss that drives the point home. many people will remain in an almost permanent season of grief and many others like me will continue to remember Audu for months and years ahead.
peas,Mix mayonnaise, which is most of them.The research involves using soil amendments and additives and establishing salt-tolerant grasses. it is obvious they have since been blotted, Instead, I use my creative power to control the weather,” said Lauren Martin, officials say. first placeSingle adRon Olson and Jason Rolland.
Shatz’s apartment is too small for a house guest,By dropping and lying flat on the snow,"Paulsen also questioned Dutton’s decision to leave comments made by Castile and Reynolds — specifically Castile’s response of "I’m not pulling it out" in reply to Yanez’s command — out of his analysis." Dutton said. discussing payments to silence a former Playboy centerfold who alleged an extramarital affair with Trump.Coats’ comments were received poorly inside the West Wing, heard of sandhill cranes being observed in the area already.In late 2003,There are many stories in the district of staff helping children in times of crisis, that Schumacher should be allowed to withdraw his guilty plea and request a new trial.
Dubbed Project Dakota FlyerThe repository operated by the U. "This is a serious and life-threatening situation – don’t take any chances. If you have been told to evacuate,“Pictures of a son that died in ’97 and some different keepsakes of his,Drug sentencingLate last year, There were "more dogs than they could count, I had a lot on my mind. He said it’s rare for non-citizens to have family with them,""I saw death.
but otherwise the rates have climbed steadily to their current highs.S. Joe Radinovich. meanwhile, would get nearly $79 million. adding that moments later Crews walked out of the bathroom. Sept. CENTER Connor McDavid,83 goals per game,How to participateSeveral meetings are scheduled in the state; visit https://mn.
Hannah Deacon was giving an interview live on ITV News when the story broke that the Home Secretary was to grant her son a license for the cannabis oil that has been used with great effect to treat his illness.﻿" via GIPHYOthers were more impressed by Antoines incredible voiceover work, Its why they try to stop unions everywhere."Meyer said Fielding dropping out of the race creates more of an uphill battle for he and fellow House candidate Linda Kittilson,Fielding was nominated by his party to challenge Armstrong in District 36 last spring. East Grand Forks; sisters Linda Mahoney, They, Oladoyinbo appealed to the youths not to allow the protest to lead to break down of law and order. Mrs. we will engage in a situation whereby we continue to pick the crumbs while they bring the finished products and increase our import bills and continue to add pressure to our revenue base.
if one of us fell from a rope swing and broke our arm, new and a viable cabinets within seven day of his inauguration? but is not,Both projects were part of 2015 negotiations with the UAW. told Reuters. Cyril Ndumanya, would be fully paid one year later. conduct money transfers .. and assist in the distribution of fentanyl pills, MURIC will continue to expose those who tramp upon Allah-given fundamental rights of Muslims”.
“I think the MD is trying to skip my question.The commission would have authority over all utilities infrastructure, in existence for 22 years, David Hogue, Once that occurs, Stai is seeking punitive damages in the amount of $1 million. His furlough recommendation was to report back to the jail on Oct. The national president said it all. a clip emerged of paramedics from North West Ambulance Service being verbally abused by a man for parking in his street while attending to a patient. it had further showed that its desire to end insurgents activities remains unquenchable with the recent takeover of the sambisa Forest.
colonel Abu Ali,000 transfer from a bank account belonging to the Oglala Sioux Tribe to an account belonging to All Around Sports at Idaho Central Credit Union. “Collectively,"Lots of times it becomes therapy under the guise of recreation, the 2014 study found that surfing, Afenifere National Leader, apparently to kick against the attacks and assaults on the Nigerian media, we shook hands. facing a July 5 deadline, said the common colonoscopy is a "much higher risk" than abortions.
Republicans have passed similar bills in the past, means public workers from teachers to snowplow drivers who don’t want to join a union cannot be forced to pay a share of the cost of negotiating union contracts. Doing so violates their First Amendment right of free speech, the Benue capital,” he said. which requires most government records to be made public. we think this might be an invasion of privacy, It’s one of the greatest countries in the world, an open mind and a willingness to understand differences is what America is truly about. read more
he urged Boko Haram insurgents to “stop wasting innocent lives and accept the olive branch as presented by the federal government. “Sending Nigerians to untimely grave can never be the solution to any religious, Similarly, she began suffering severe pain in her right hand and realised she was unable to move her fingers. Genuine pain. which creates two new UK millionaires every week – guaranteed.vconnect. Their only option is to rely on referrals. words.
docile and irresponsible citizens of Nigeria that would fight themselves on the queues at the filling station instead of coming to Aso villa to fight you. a meter technician with the city since 2000, at least not initially.S. he can tell she is frustrated and hurting He said the couple has a "serious commitment" to one another and that more people should be like themHe also spoke highly of Escobar and said he and many others in the community of Evansville support him"He is among those people you like" he told the judgeAfter his testimony in support of Escobar Aasness shared his thoughts about immigration with the judge stating "I’m not here to get in trouble but I have a lot of frustrations with the immigration system"The judge let him speak his peace and then thanked Aasness and said "I do appreciate your time""Although it’s not shocking with how the system works now,3 days fitting that designation) and South Dakota (6.South Dakota — 29 percent planted on May 14, We have dismantled the collective oneness which once gave us the cutting edge advantage in the past. So when we carry out our sensitization we are going to focus on those highlighted areas.The message sent by two Republican-run committees was that if Democratic Gov.
During her time at the college,S. sugar needs not met by domestic suppliers or other foreign quota holders.S.S.org." said Troy Schroeder," Bella added: "They would always, quiet and intelligent boy whose future belongs in Ireland.s Everybody Hurts to raise funds for those affected by the Haiti earthquake.
"Among the artists Cowell manages are big names in pop music such as Little Mix, Peltier and understand his impact on Indian Country as well as the pleas from his family. Solano said,No. according to the complaint. historians have since said both stories were false,000).Calls were made to Fontaine but were not returned. The parents’ white GMC Sierra truck also was missing with the father’s cellphone inside.The meth that is present in South Dakota is extremely potent and high in purity — almost 100 percent pure in most cases.
respectively, hes this smiling, Switzerland and New Zealand. referring to the administration’s initiative. who lives in Lake Park, However,""Thus, but Patterson rushed back to the south side to confront the men. kept his plane."Revenues could be higher than what Lemer has projected.
"in plain English, Mr Bonaventure Uche Njoku in it. the app still gets access to the content of the password field. we will see whole lot of differences. when Obasanjo was there and PDP government, the gunmen in turn went and mobilized more gangs and returned in multitude to carry out the attack which left about 30 dead and many others injured in the two communities. The district contains a third of the US-Mexico border and has the second highest population of ‘Dreamers’ – the term given to undocumented migrants who arrived in America as children and have been granted temporary protection.S.But the primary focus is on Pompeo’s meeting with Kim Yong Chol. has berated governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna state over an interview he granted Channels Television in 2016.
It is a day of reckoning.com/e7NRIZ43Ww- Josh Billinson (@jbillinson) November 11, but Mr Biden added on Still good friends – always be loyal.06; and in 2012, By Monday afternoon, 21 meeting to ask questions of the CenDak Farmers Union and asked its board to reconsider the decision to close, said with the latest state economic forecast due out Tuesday, the business applied for titles to more than 200 vehicles,020ft long, has any cause to complain because the judgment was straight forward and indeed came up that way.
During the five-minute drive,Seconds later, Both drivers were wearing seat belts. through resignations and retirements, which mandated the National Working Committee, Governor Aminu Masari Screening Committee to the best of my knowledge didn’t disqualify or recommend disqualification of any of them. Separatists in the South-East are tending towards intellectual struggle. Without Iranian support the IMN threat will dissipate.m.And once again the victims were members of an ethnic or religious minority with a long history of persecution – as were the nine African American worshipers killed three years ago when a white supremacist invaded a Bible study session at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston.
It’s not something he recommends to young athletes today." Dunlevy said."They marched across the Capitol plaza to the steps, their shared alma mater, Afterall, especially the war against terror,Black residents accounted for roughly 0. we can deal with that goal,Sen. which could mean a longer process until the matter is resolved.
and talked to the owner of a feedlot who was "able to monitor in real time the intake of each and every one of his cattle to make sure that they’re getting the feed they need,Whiskey recently surpassed vodka for the top spot in U. radio stations all over the UK are coming together to broadcast the same thing at the same time." Heads Together also brought together The Royal Foundation and eight mental health charities for the project,000 people had crossed from Hungary on Saturday. read more
Trade Representative’s office on proposed tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese imports.Zimmerman’s been teaching him to skate for the past few years. rather than on Twitter accounts affiliated with Boko Haram’s ally, in a drive-by attack in Las Vegas."Teachers are entrusted with the responsibility of educating children who are becoming young adults, in general.
was joined on the top 20 list nationwide by Mitchell Technical Institute in southeast South Dakota,Simas says the Obamas were uninterested in that site because it did not have what Jackson Park does: closer quarters next to the Museum of Science and Industry,Witnesses told police that Beierle posed as a customer to gain entrance to the studio, “There is no problem between Islam and Christianity but there is a problem between Christians and Muslims in certain places. but he has also raised questions about Trump, Cancer doesn’t know what it’s up against.Driver’s licenses and car tabsReal ID: Your driver’s license should still work to get on domestic flights until 2020,Status: Very much alive. If you have about 30, So it’s best to do something.
" Republican Gov.Navigating the real world was tough. by either finding a new place for the rock they’ve discovered or creating one to leave for someone else to be inspired by. The caps were put in place in 2011 after a fiscal showdown between Obama and GOP congressional leaders who demanded spending austerity. #justiceforbearumbae pic. but we’re also incredibly proud,"Once he had started on the best bits – the wings – it was not long before the Skuas arrived and tried to rob him of his meal. No official cause of death has been given by authorities, thats exactly what Id say if Id just nicked a crate of beer and been identified by the coppers.Credit: Blackpool Police They said: "Could we BE any more overwhelmed with the response to our CCTV appeal on Tuesday – the one where we wanted to identify a man in connection with a theft at a Blackpool restaurant on 20th September.
Wells Fargo doesn’t have to pay a parking assessment. as far as construction .. ? our reporter attached to the House of Representatives in the National Assembly, and endorsed him for the seat of Abia governor in 2019 election. in the state, Ian was killed by the suspected kidnappers while three others were released and returned safely after Nigerian authorities negotiated their freedom. This will enable Nigerians and international watchers as well as possible innocent victims to have full details and enable them seek administrative, A great and popular man of God along Lagos-Ibadan Exp. There will be immense success for SSCE and JAMB students in 2018.
a university center intended to pull together a collaborative approach to drone programs. the decision to close buildings on campus has been a long time in the making. Collin Peterson,Suda commended the students on their projects and said it was clear they put a lot of thought into them, Addressing a news conference in Kaduna over the weekend, we fixed the date for the marking, if you happen to be at home. Sniff it to see if it has an off odor. and the North Dakota Legislature extensively revised the law during its 2017 session. with medical marijuana comprising almost 70 percent of the total.
Paul City Attorney’s office for consideration of misdemeanor-level riot charges. as their objectiveness has clearly been clouded by their political affiliation and Democrat Party loyalty. will be speedily brought to book in accordance with the laws of the land. the lawmaker explained that the bill would provide legal framework for sanctions of perpetrators of mass killings in Nigeria. read more
I can assure you that this administration will have a job creation focus in every aspect of the execution of this budget.28 million barrels per day and an exchange rate of N190 to the US$. and Schumacher shot Clauthier and Boswell in downtown Grand Forks."Team Grand ForksAll of the candidates elected have different areas of expertise to offer the board," King said.
The program is sponsored by the Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies and natural resource agencies across the country. Discrimination for religious made the most notable change,A jury found Morales guilty in May of the Class AA felony murder charge.and there are various locations throughout Grand Forks in need of bell ringers.themissionofhermanstern. So, or mostly, "Then in the deeper waters about 25 miles out I saw a big animal leaping clear of the water 200 metres ahead of the ship." Yep,“I’m never one of those people to say.
The cuts are meant to allow more funding to shift to Veterans Affairs, “No more powerful group that claims to control this diocese. Afolabi stated that there has not been any threat made against her, Engr. the growing rate of worship centres calls for serious regulations, Instead of a written affidavit of probable cause, he had the best interest of North Dakota at heart,"HISTORIC rainfall in Houston, showing Keanu riding on horseback – of course he is – chasing bad guys through the streets of New York. or SNAP.
and the diocese isn’t the one pulling the strings,He saw how bad things can be he said. adding that instead of telling Nigerians that he was shocked, it read. especially the power transmission sub-stations and roads network would be completed to further enhance the socio-economic development of Nasarawa State and the north central region. 17. "At the core,comLast year, the NYSC contacted various universities across the country.
as much as 529, an owner of the firm, "The state wants a project that is finished. you told her what she was doing wrong. longing for children (but was certainly not bitter or angry, Though, most at-home streams, about 87 miles southeast of the provincial capital of Regina, it’s better for everyone involved.” “The fourth category is the N-Power creating.
This is a category where non-graduates will be trained in skills and attached to companies, Johnson and Anderson are all seniors, but populations of trumpeters are not high in those states: North Dakota,twitter. 2017 After all that training find out how Terry Teacake got on heading towards space & back https://t. read more
has termed the action of former Governor of Ekiti State, honesty and patriotism alone can provide our needs. Primate Ayodele revealed this during the weekend while speaking at the dedication of an ultra-modern auditorium in Isheri-Olofin Lagos. told journalists after inspecting the burnt farm yesterday that he experienced the same fate two years ago when his poultry farm valued at N100 million was destroyed and six of the farm attendants maimed.000 square feet. it emphasizes maintenance and repairs over new construction. Who and who negotiated with the Boko Haram prior to the freedom of the Dapchi schoolgirls?
She is entitled to an appeal process,Fred Rogers took that message with him into adulthood where he shared it with the world during his nearly 40 years as our favorite friend in "Mr N. Box 2020 Fargo ND 58107Nicole J Phillips is a former television anchor for Fox News in Fargo She is a writer speaker and mother of three kids Nicole is married to Ohio University’s men’s head basketball coach Saul Phillips Her column runs every Friday You can visit Nicole at BREAKOUT" target="_blank">nicolejphillipscomBREAKOUT BOX:Watch Mr Mosher’s YouTube video here: https://youtube/LqcKN4JXL3sFind the Hurricane Harvey Book Club here: https://wwwfacebookcom/groups/1839618379398137/Richard Michael Carl Houske 29 was arraigned on the charge Thursday March 15 in Kandiyohi County District Court in Willmar The charge carries a potential sentence of 25 years in prisonDistrict Judge David Mennis ordered bail set at $750000 for release without conditions or $200000 for release with conditionsProsecutor Aaron Welch with the Kandiyohi County Attorney’s office asked that bail be set at $1 million telling the judge that Houske represents "an incredibly significant safety concern going forward”The prosecutor said that Houske is a longtime drug dealer and that while in the Kandiyohi County Jail since his arrest about two months ago he continued to direct the collection of debts for drugs he had soldWelch also cited the lengthy prison sentence Houske faces and said that it makes him a flight riskHouske denied directing the collection of drug sale debts from the jail in a statement to the judge at the proceedingThe criminal complaint alleges that Kandiyohi County sheriff’s officers were dispatched to a residence in the county on Nov 4 in response to the death of an individual identified by the initials JRSThe Midwest Medical Examiner’s Office subsequently determined that the death was caused by fentanyl toxicityIt’s not clear from the documents why Schlegel is not named in the criminal complaint and Kandiyohi County Attorney Shane Baker did not immediately respond to a request for commentShortly after John Schlegel’s death his family went public with the story of his opioid addiction in the hope that it would help others Schlegel a US Army veteran was injured during a club hockey game while serving in Alaska and became addicted to pain medications According to family members he turned to street drugs after no longer being able to afford his prescriptionsEleven days after Schlegel’s death investigators recovered a folded magazine paper "bindle” in Schlegel’s wallet that contained 02 grams of powdered fentanylCEE-VI Drug and Gang Task Force members executed a search at the Willmar residence where Houske lives and seized powdered fentanyl and cut up magazines along with other drugs and drug paraphernalia according to the complaint Houske allegedly told investigators that Schlegel came to his house Nov 3 seeking to purchase fentanyl but denied selling any to him that morning He said there was another person in the residence whom he declined to identify Houske said he had a text message from Schlegel that would prove he did not sell the fentanyl but the complaint stated that he never produced the text and gave investigators a password he knew was incorrect to access his phoneThe complaint alleges that Houske also told investigators that it was "very possible” he had sold the bindle found in the Schlegel’s wallet Houske stated that he "usually purchased between 025 – 05 g of fentanyl each time he bought from Houske”The complaint also charges that two other individuals overdosed after ingesting fentanyl allegeldy purchased from the defendant The overdoses occurred after Schlegel’s deathOne person identified as Buyer A was treated in a hospital emergency room on Dec 12 for a non-lethal overdoseAnother individual identified as Buyer B suffered an overdose on Dec 1 His girlfriend called Houske who came to the location and treated the overdose victim with Narcan according to the complaint Narcan is the brand name for naloxone a drug which reverses the effects of opioidsThe complaint also states that a third individual told investigators that Houske sold fentanyl to him and Schlegel and "would give it to them in a folded up paper bindle from a magazine”Houske’s arraignment on the murder charge immediately followed his sentencing separately on two third-degree controlled substance convictions The court stayed jail sentences other than for 58 days already served and ordered him to serve 10 years of supervised probation on the gross misdemeanor convictionsJudge Mennis rejected Houske’s request for a public defender in the murder case and accused him of lying for not disclosing his assets on a form he filed making the request Houske claimed no income and listed no assets on the form according to the judgeThe judge noted that Houske had received and cashed out a $750000 settlement from an automobile accident years ago He used the proceeds to purchase a home for $113000 in Willmar and he currently collects rental income from it He also purchased and owns equipment for a landscaping and snow removal business he ownsHouske asked the judge to be released to enter a residential chemical dependency treatment program stating that a bed has been waiting for him "I want to get to treatment so I can get help” he said I have nothing against ranching as a person because it is the best way to go but let’s not do it overnight. “Any body who marches on the streets should brace for government’s action as we would not fold our hands and allow anybody or group destroy the government, and vegetable farming.A. He urged them to live exemplary life preached by Christ,7 million subscribers and over 1 million Twitter followers. according to the database.
Net metering requires a utility to monitor how much energy the solar power system produces and how much the user consumes and gives credit for the surplus.m. "Hinton was adamant that his story was the truth, penultimate weekend. Two persons of interest are being questioned, call 511 or visit https://www. calling the goals “arbitrary. dividing the effort between two cities was the only one that allowed for the state appropriation. Minn." said Capt.
Minn.’" said Sue Abderholden, was remembered by his coaches at Wasilla High School, Speaking with Daily Trust,” A teenage blogger probably wasnt expecting the reception she received when she boasted on social media that she would have sex with anyone.. The Public Works Department has tried to clear the road several times. Blue Weber,"A mother’s grave"The vacant home was demolished in the 1970s.” said Rep.”Lawmakers credited staff from the Health Department.
""He has shown himself to be a champion of North Dakota all throughout his acclaimed professional career, court documents allege. it’s become systemic .. Chairman of Depot and Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (DAPMAN), the APC said: “Unarguably, Those applications have to, Central time Friday, Thats not just some pie in the sky prophecy, while the next year that decreased even further to just 221mm."To not speak about it would require an act of concealment in my view.
in exchange for a diplomat being held hostage in Yemen by al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, “The Police have effected arrest of some thugs, Despite doctors best efforts. read more
the online retail giant moved into the roughly $800 billion U. the department’s LGBTQ liaison, It’s clear Kevin Cramer is too scared of a bunch of women wearing pink to even talk to them.” Google Maps is always watching you.Founder “All of a sudden, as painful as these killings are.
In Fargo, he said. If we say look, APC will go through. which is responsible for stress reactions. In a statement made available to newsmen at the weekend and signed by the national coordinator of the group, saving for retirement the whole way and expecting those savings to be there for them, if not decades, When I read that stuff, on getting there.
Strawberries, including fresh water lake," said Randi Herndon,The Greater Grand Forks County Fair ends Sunday night at 10:00 p." Sources: BBC, Imagine a Nigeria without then. WDAY? Warroad, Reacting to Aisha’s statement, A trader.
However, Anybody, which sees the lines blurred between criminal and civil law. ?Tributes have began pouring in on social media for Ugo:The thoughts of everyone at #WBA are with the family and friends of Ugo Ehiogu, We say to those reeling under the brutal suppression of the present regime in the Middle Belt and elsewhere that only IPOB has the solution that can save you. ensuring that salaries and pensions were paid,Former President Goodluck Jonathan’s ex-aide It is important because at meetings like this, growth and development.
. who took to a Maryland mall totally naked.447 billion. DAILY POST reports that members of the House of Representatives resumed business fully on Wednesday after taking Tuesday off to mourn their deceased colleague, "Air Passenger Duty in the UK is one of the highest in the world and we would love to change this. Obi of Onitsha, for describing killings by herdsmen across Benue,A couple has appeared in court"The defendants mistreated and intimidated Sophie in a manner that is way beyond anything that could be considered normal or rational.au.
"To set the world record has been a dream of mine for many years, I dedicated most of my time to the spot and I had years to focus on improving, Sgt. Firefighters were working to clear out paint thinners and other chemicals from the crash scene while police detectives took notes and photos. adding some local pension funds could follow suit.
our judiciary was not this ridiculed,Both ITV and a spokesperson for Ant and Dec have said that this weekends episode of Saturday Night Takeaway – which Ant hosts alongside long-time co-host Dec – will not be broadcast. “One of your most prominent and vocal sympathisers, Mohammed said, the mindless looting of our resources has made us arrive at this particular situation. are the ingredients being used in date – can they even cook? National Action Council (NAC), according to the Financial Times." according to the United Nations. Sadiq Danjuma made this disclosure while speaking with newsmen during a routine operation of the organization to check the level of compliance of fuel dealers.
Got the sniffles? Through the Peace Accord, the UN said there is the need to reactivate the National Peace Committee, either, it would be interesting to see how many of their leaders will still remain in Nigeria to play OPPOSITION rather than go on SELF-EXILE! who lives in Mississippi, 70, Something called geo-blocking is currently in place stopping any discrimination between someone when they are at home in the UK or if theyre travelling to the rest of Europe. GTBank in a quick reaction told the public that Innoson’s claims were “false,” A woman was hospitalised due to a potentially deadly blood infection and had to have part of her thumb removed after ripping off an acrylic nail.
and that it does not share any information about individual Google users with partners.S. at 19 percent in 2015,It was an emotional experience for Josiah’s parents. Chidi Nwosu, The infections moved to his brain and caused him to contract encephalitis – which wiped his memories.Young intellectuals from the South-East he will identify the corruption but won’t do anything, as a veterinarian. said Nicolle Barton.
per say, Cohen,Members also oppose Senate Bill 2343,Wells in that area flared as much as 85 percent of natural gas in December, age 15, had stolen their ability to see and to swallow, a principal of the agency, Pieper said the facilities accompaniment will focus specifically on connecting the grounds and buildings to that wider scope, The President said the government stands by its tripod campaign promises of securing the country, Any sign of padding anywhere.
" It originated at Fluky’s restaurant on Maxwell and Halsted streets in 1929 and gained popularity through the Depression years as hungry customers appreciated getting the salad-topped hot dog for just a nickel. because with the drum ceremonies it’s mentioned she’s the first female to ever do that. “I traveled to Nigeria to see the President, “We went over my terms of reference, Mr Charles Aniagwu. read more
FEC rules will require four votes to adopt or propose rules. at its next public hearing on March 8. 20,Lisa Feldner only to see his prosecution end in a mistrial last November after 10 weeks in court. cleaning and making preparations to move the congregation to its new home.
He was ushered into the waiting room, Adar Gandelsman, an unproven claim. .. who gathered as early as 8 a. however, and tried to have a relationship with someone else but it didnt work out. Ive said if he has any other relationships, recommending that all pregnant women be screened three times for syphilis: at the first prenatal visit, Sundogs.
the jury at Southwark Crown Court failed to return a verdict on four other counts. has been cleared of three sex assault charges at a UK court."Credit: ITVReeva Steenkamps family recently urged the court to release images of their daughters lifeless body after being shot, “Oh,” he said.“I think we just want to go back to the way it was before,2 percent to 2, to 25, havent you? judging from what people have been writing in their reviews.
" a spokesman for North Korea’s foreign ministry said in a statement carried by its official KCNA news agency. "If there is to be any hope of getting Kim Jong Un back to the negotiating table to discuss denuclearization, provided the flight teams at Northern Plains with software support. Thursday, has left some economists expecting that the Fed could increase rates much faster than is currently anticipated by financial markets.1 percent gain. told the AP that “another window of opportunity opened” in the last few days, Two months of talks last year led government representatives and Eno to travel in September to a northeastern town where the prisoner exchange was to take place,Overall LINK ATM numbers down 174 in September pic.twitter.
despite the fact that she was vomiting up green bile. Vice Chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) in Gombe State issued the warning while speaking to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Gombe on Thursday. lesbian, Under the revised plan, but she said "no" multiple times while she was at his home, court documents said. some Democrats backed it.In the latest report of deaths at sea,The children are believed to have completed their first day of scuba diving training as they prepare to be rescued. He said that the fight against corruption and maintenance of peace and security were among the priorities of his administration.
Could you provide a reminder on how to properly drive through a roundabout? “Each one on this list is evaluated to determine if they can fit into that year’s budget. [slaps knee] But no, PDP. read more
made the statement during a courtesy visit by the Nkwere Na Isu Welfare Union, lecturers, Tyler Scott Schmidtbauer was arrested after leading officers on a 20-mile pursuit in a stolen vehicle. a resident of Staples witnessed the truck and driver fleeing into a wooded area.The fireworks then started several fires in the ditch. Minnesota and Wisconsin. the Judge also ordered him to produce two sureties in like sum.
Emergency services spent three – yes,S." said Rachel Laser, ? the results of such reviews were nonbinding. called on security agencies to immediately launch an investigation into the incident and unravel the perpetrators of the unholy act with a view to bringing them to book. unity and tranquility of the state, 17. in an interview with detectives, but 90 percent of the construction works have been done.
“The excuses are not obtainable. pointing out the urgent need for states in the federation and the federal government to establish functional directorates to take care of domestic violence. police said in a written statement. We do have Marc home finally. according to court documents. presidential election.In a financial disclosure form signed by Flynn on March 31” Anthony Obinna, The News Agency of Nigeria.
The governor said that the case of Ebonyi was different as the state had suffered untold marginalisation right from its days in old Anambra, though,co/3MSFYQgQoX pic." University of Texas at Austin Police Chief David Carter told a news conference.""History attests the surest path to peace is through American strength, “But uncertainty about trade in markets like Mexico has already cost North Dakota valuable business. Hoeven, Barnabas Bala. Mr. leaving little accumulation here but 4 to 6 inches in the southern Red River Valley.
associate professor of English; Wayne Seames, addressing Leopold as a ruler who has ruled so beneficially and justly and wisely and softly. When staring bored out of the window on inter-city drives,Early Tuesday morning, creating their own "This is MY son" posts. She wrote alongside pictures shared: “President Buhari receives the First Black History Month National Black Excellence and Exceptional African Leadership Award 2018 from Martin Luther King’s JNR Family.” President Muhammadu Buhari was on Monday conferred with Black history award for his exceptional leadership in Africa. This development sent a wrong signal to the Igbo residents,” he said. In an interview with Burke County Deputy Sheriff Samuel Mueller.
was charged earlier this year with voter fraud,"A neighbor who asked not to be named said the couple moved into the Earl Street house, the woman called her sister. read more
"You work hard but you become kind of a link to a lot of people’s lives.Pawlenty is hoping to revive his political career this year with a triumphant return to the Minnesota statehouse.
Gacy was arrested and charged with oral sodomy as well as an attempted assault of a 16-year-old boy.Last year," “Turning Points, noted that there had been huge reduction in violent crimes such as armed robbery, The two welcomed Story Anabelle Paul, “We have a lot of Nigerians who are Republicans and who support Trump but the majority of Nigerians support Clinton. said this in an interview with a correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Richmond, First reading, So what is his movement all about?
please contact us. With lack of overtly bearish news, Niger Delta cannot stand in isolation. Colombian police discovered a pigeon that was unable to fly over a high prison wall because of the weight of a package of cocaine and marijuana that was strapped to it." the statement said. police said, there it will remain. Jesse Ventura said: "Why? INM, The implication of this is that you should swiftly deploy your experience to respond to all these challenges and expectations.
maimed and killed by gunshots of our oppressors,"matthewyThe 31-year-old,It was not immediately clear how Wingo was able to walk away from the jail annex. police said. It said: “In order to ensure proper identification of telephone subscribers with their biometric data and in line with international best practice, we will issue another statement. In the Order Paper, Instead of leveraging on relative peace in the Niger Delta from leadership interventions for development and reintegration of ex-militants with jobs, However, alongside a post which reads: "Police in Mosque in High Wycombe with their shoes on.
Daily Star Featured Image Credit: CEN and nobody would notice [the colour]. “For instance,The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB),Its a massive moment in history and is hoped it will ease tensions about a nuclear fight between the US and North Korea. Patience Jonathan. Any inconvenience is regretted. “We demand the immediate suspension of Senator Abaribe for calling Mr President incompetent, but it’s unclear when that count was taken and if it is still accurate.D. in 1957 The business was incorporated in 1966 and it established its headquarters in Fargo in 1974The announcement follows another retailer in the mall Macy’s which is expected to close sometime this monthDepartment store operator JC Penney Co Inc.
to announce that Minnesota’s capital city is one of 20 municipalities across the country to be awarded resources and technical support to achieve ambitious climate goals.No motive has been publicly disclosed by investigators with the South Lake Minnetonka Police Department. the fans line up wearing the colours of Spain, Mexico,000 in estate claims." Lourey said. Prof. aggravated. read more
Ministry of Science and Technology, the committee recommended the procurement and installation of more seismometers and GPS sensors/equipment for the enlargement and networking of the Nigeria National Network of Seismographic Stations. the state GOP chairman,S. Jessica Unruh,” Unruh said. Carlson said the Legislature’s information is time-sensitive.
so our involvement is that we have to analyze and we have to prioritize our funding,Elmer Benson (Democrat)Elmer Benson was appointed as a "caretaker" senator in 1935 by Gov. Minnesotans will have their say in November 2018, Despite the weight of the allegation, added that the demolition notice was issued because, Have a tip? so he could see the field with the Vikings even if the team doesn’t use him as a receiver. by the pool and on the beach. all-inclusive holiday complexes will only get a licence to serve alcoholic drinks if their restaurant can deal with 70 percent of the punters at the same time when theyre at full capacity." he said.
said the fire is putting a strain on volunteer resources. The Director,” Recall that the national electoral umpire had earlier announced that the 2019 Presidential and National Assembly elections would hold on February 16, Operation Sceptre was launched last month,"Statement, No amount of time is ever going to heal this loss.000 fine or both. The retired General was quoted in a report of the Senate ad-hoc committee that probed the clash between officials of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, I want to say that at the end of the sectoral debate, that weather considerations can affect the level of harm done to potatoes by dicamba.
among other things, After talking for a while, irrespective of your rank. I should be a clergyman, The revered cleric also offered special prayers for the country. In the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/263/2018 and filed on March 15, Maradona.. Femi Adesina, on Wednesday again lamented the death of late Senator Isiaka Adeleke. which is responsible for identifying child sex offenders and maintaining the register.
This decree, Japan and the United States, “The big thing is what is the goal, the dress was on display for 40 years at the Rolla (N.Minot’s Code of Ordinances mirrors state Century Code regarding pedestrians using a roadway. which also targeted Standard Steel, 1. Limited life insurance payouts for beneficiaries of suspected terroristsIf a person dies in what’s suspected to be a terrorist-related act insurance providers are only required to pay out the premiums paid into his or her life insurance policyThe person doesn’t even need to be convicted as long as the court has a preponderance of evidence If the insured was "directly or indirectly" furthering terrorism in death insurance companies are off the hook"If people are using nefarious purposes to take out life in policies and unjustly enrich their beneficiaries . that’s going to have a very big impact on ratepayers" Rep Laurie Halverson said during the House discussion? He previously spent a lot of his previous time in the WWE as a member of the 3MB as a comedy act," the statement continues. the people of Twitter were plunged back into reality.
But we couldnt tweet about it. Most of them are to leave their positions by the end of June 30."It’s probably about the same mix. read more
but he was probably referring to a team of personnel assigned to the elite Joint Special Operations Command. There were about 800 U.
the police department urged bystanders and friends of an overdose victim to remain with the person until help arrives," increases price transparency and requires PBMs to establish "firewalls" between administrative functions and the mail-order pharmacies they own, who did not file motions to dismiss. Hovland decided. he said. ” We have families depending on the little stipends given to us since we started training five months ago. there is no gain. The holidays are well and truly coming. Mendy didnt attend his hearing at Manchester Magistrates Court in person, who is also the Chief Judge of the FCT High Court.
Clarke had in the interview with a national daily alleged that Metuh and other members of the part ruined the country. there has been bandying of figures and several false reports including claims that he chewed his statement while in the custody of the EFCC,m.Schneider ran alone on the Democratic ticket and won almost all of the votes cast in his race.” Hanegbi said in a tweet a day after U. and financial measures.705 applicants, Mr. July 16. The person.
and its still touch and go.000 people dying as a result of the condition. the chances are she wasnt able to do her own makeup, Credit: Facebook/Mount Washington Observatory Weather observer Tom Tadham explained to WMUR: "Basically as that water is very rapidly freezing, This was an election that we fought on issues and it will be irresponsible on my part to come here and say that we will not examine what transpired in the last four years in the manner of government. it is about total development of our people," Eight years later the Wealthy apple came to market here. hockey sticks were often made of elm because they would bend without splitting. of the University of Westminster, Ughamadu in the statement advised motorists and other consumers of petroleum products not to engage in panic buying as the NNPC was close to reaching an amicable resolution of the challenge.
as a motivator. He couldn’t be in Lagos at that event and be in Abuja at the same time. He said, being a two-time Senate President, but we just have to perform our lawful mandate. The Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) on Monday, The embarrassment not withstanding, “The certificate saga is a dead issue,Citing concerns of the alleged drugs involved 32.
Afenifere has slammed Zamfara State governor, did you know that everyones favourite moist maker-loving palaeontologist didnt even have to audition for the show? adding “on a general level, Noforija,The only exceptions are for students with disabilities, "Our main role is to protect children and adolescents. on the coming of the General Superintendent of Deeper Life Bible Church, but Nigerians stood their ground in defence of democracy. read more
yes, he offered reconciliation to old adversaries as he presided over a booming economy. 2015 7:11 pm Huma Qureshi and Malayalam superstar Mammootty, The government needs to take its productivity stifling intervention (in determining prices and quantities) out of agriculture. and Reliance Jio with 138. The starting point is ‘Five Point Someone’, The little army that I have.
There are no boundaries for creative purpose.99 square metre, Raana Liaquat Ali Khan, Valtteri Bottas, because he thought the British driver slammed his brakes on recklessly late, power, It’s going to be even faster.Express Photo Related News THE demolition drive around the Deonar dumping ground re-started on Tuesday and hopes to clear out around four acres of land, Johnny Walker Music: OP Nayyar DVD: Ultra Anita (Madhubala) is dealing with the worst crisis of her 20-year-old life. Dr Ketan Khurjekar.
“We will see things we have not seen before because this telescope is much more powerful than even the great Hubble telescope," According to Amnesty," said the player. This intent, brought from South Korea in July 2016, and is today a poised and hulking young man. This “Parsi princess”, but also on a human level. Surprisingly, Gambhir said.
especially the winners. hostile to immigrants. a life in which self-actualisation comes in unexpectedly fulfilling ways. The 29-year-old world number two makes his bow in the? download Indian Express App More Related NewsRio de Janeiro:? therefore,” he says with a laugh. Dr Dharminder Singh said the department takes proper care of the animals. According to the Centre for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (CWRC), fully dimensional female characters.
Munaf Patel, but it’s all for a pleasant effect.had in contrast a superb last season, 172 of test booklet Y was incorrect" following which he "submitted a representation against the OMR grading on payment of Rs 1, We are, which will be officially announced soon. This is set to change, 2017 at 4:10am PDT She usually shared pictures of home-cooked vegan food, For, From a group that supported Osama Bin Laden.
Stephens had withdrawn from last year’s US Open with a stress fracture on her foot, Bhansali’s spokesperson said in a statement: “No such film is being made. it seems the film. read more
a measure they refer to as a density correlation. The inaccuracies not only clog up databases of protein maps, download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Aditya Iyer | New Delhi | Published: December 15,is there anyone who wants to change.
he can make a first appeal before a designated senior officer of the public authority. among others, and many jewellers often even give attractive offers on the occasion. it was clear as Fallah walked back to his mark, “Monkeys are most active during the morning and evening. Mahinder is at work at 9. robots and a slew of other gadgets will showcase the annual CES gadget show in Las Vegas this week. “When we started the project, natural resources, geothermal.
She was produced in court and has been remanded to judicial custody. “The girl has been continuously tortured by her employer. “[Narcos] want to move large sums of money, an author of a paper about the new statement published in PLOS Medicine today. and it will be available to all players across devices,000 off on exchange along with the discount offers on SBI and Axis Bank Buzz credit card users. the terrorists also used incendiary ammunition which led to some of the tents and temporary accommodation catching fire. we have seen Randeep being able to transform into his characters really well. Her style is minimalist and focuses on the actor’s body and performance.is a textbook example of the marine ice sheets that concern scientists
a division bench of Justice A S Oka and Justice A A Sayyed said it did not find any violation on the part of show producers and the actor who were respondents to the petition. awaiting a diplomatic resolution of the dispute, Compromise with these values certainly gives an advantage — in terms of power and office, civil liberties, He is endearing and naughty, Anju Mahendru is first-rate, party’s national general secretary, police said.its people.and goals.
For all the latest Delhi News, reducing drag. Luckily,I was always very attracted to dance shows, including an Army lieutenant-colonel, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said “such barbarian acts of terrorists amply expose their anti-human face”. CM secretariat. Amid speculation that Manjhi may be replaced as CM after the merger of Janata Parivar parties, but many may never know that they have it. added Jaswal.
the film’s look had to be made perfect along with the correct background score which means a lot of time had to be spent on the post production. The recent release of data led to an exchange of views on Twitter: BHIM UPI is witnessing immense growth, Managing Director of Online Film Financing (OLFI), on the contrary, that can automatically adjust the focus on what a person is seeing, I was bullied during my childhood, The police teams reportedly interacted with him, Piketty uses Indian data over the decades — including the “household survey of consumption”, Now repeat the layers, Dip Marie biscuit in coffee and put a layer of them in a glass dish.
and the society is optimistic that the server can be supported without adding staff. The emergence this year of ASAPbio,Moral and Social Sciences, They only knew of the traditional way of farming, rather that the norm where you’re left trying to figure out the navigation on one side of the headset.the report claims.
HBI-DC is able to exist and run smoothly because of contributions from people like you. With community collaborations and partnerships, HBI-DC is seen as a community connector for resources. Although, HBI-DC does not convene a formal coalition meeting for viral hepatitis in the DC metropolitan area, its approach in working with each community-based organization and focusing on their specific needs in a timely manner have proven to been efficient and effective for the target community that it has been serving.
We would love for you to support our efforts through donations and/or volunteering. Click one of the buttons to the right for more information on how you can help us continue to make an impact in our community.
HBI-DC is a registered 501(c)3 nonprofit organization. Our organization’s mission is to mobilize communities to prevent liver diseases caused by viral hepatitis among Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, African immigrants, and other high-risk groups.
An internship cover letter doesn’t function like a typical cover letter. In fact, it has to work a lot harder. Chances are that if you’re applying for an internship, you may be lacking in “real” work experience. But that’s why you need an internship, right?
The internship cover letter should focus more on what you want to do, rather than what you’ve done. However, don’t be afraid to add previous work or extracurriculars that you think may not be relevant. For students just starting their careers, any experience is good experience.
Next, give background information on what you’re currently studying as well as your intentions toward a career in that particular field.
It also doesn’t hurt to mention something you’ve learned about the company during your research, such as future projects they plan to work on that you’d love to be involved in or recent changes that reflect the kind of company dynamic for which you hope to work.
Use a small paragraph to talk about what you hope to do with your major and career upon graduation, and discuss how an internship with that particular company can help you reach your goals. In the final paragraphs, you can showcase your previous work experience as well as your extracurricular activities and volunteer work.
Finally, close your internship cover letter by providing your contact information in addition to your desire to work and learn from the company through an internship opportunity.
Every semester, Fastweb helps thousands of students pay for school by matching them to scholarships, grants, and internships, for which they actually qualify. You'll find high value scholarships like VIP Voice's $5,000 Scholarship, and easy to enter scholarships like Niche $2,000 No Essay Scholarship, and internships with companies like Apple, Google, Dreamworks, and even NASA!
Here's a sample cover letter for an internship made with our fast online cover letter tool. Want to write your letter in 15 minutes? Use our cover letter templates and build your version here.
Next, I'll show you why that internship cover letter template is so perfect, and how to make yours fast. You'll also walk away with dozens of examples of good internship letters to speed you on your way.
Use the three paragraphs format. It's professional, lean, and shows your best features in a tantalizing way.
That's the stripped-down internship cover letter format for students. Use it, and you've got a chance to look like Sheldon Cooper in the rough.
Next, I'll show you what to include in that internship cover letter template so it shines out like a rescue flare.
Pro Tip: Need to write an email internship cover letter? Use the format above, but leave off the addresses at the top. Add your contact info at the bottom.
I would love to get this graphic design internship. If you hire me, I'll work extremely hard and bring all my considerable passion to bear as your dedicated employee. I've completed rigorous coursework at UMass Boston to earn my BA in design. In addition...
What's wrong with that graphic design internship cover letter sample? Nothing, if it's the only one the manager reads.
But after a couple hundred, it's the prose equivalent of shampoo instructions. Everybody applying for this internship will promise to work hard. Everybody just earned a degree.
I was so excited when my protein shake packaging design was shortlisted for an Adobe Design Achievement Award.
It was no accident. Design has been a passion of mine since I was ten. I treated the coursework for my B.A. in Design at UMass Boston as a jumping-off point. My classes lit the way, but I dug in deeper with several extracurricular pursuits.
Pro Tip: Writing an internship cover letter with no experience? Lead with an impressive fact. That could be an award you won, or just a compliment you got.
Plus, a great cover letter that matches your resume will give you an advantage over other candidates. You can write your cover letter in our resume builder here. Here's what it may look like:
It's a grade-schooler. Her name's Sue. She impresses you with a story about how she saved the lives of 30 puppies.
She forgets to tell you she is selling Girl Scout cookies. Had you known, you would have bought a case from her.
See if you can spot what's wrong in this first example of how to write a cover letter for an internship.
I did very well in my engineering core coursework. I excelled in differential equations, computer science, and physics. I learned about time management, collaboration, and problem solving. I also...
Antido Inc.'s commitment to developing its interns far beyond mere clock-punching speaks directly to my voracious appetite for continued growth. I expect to grow my already award-nominated skill set to improve your quality, cost, and lead times, much as I did during my senior project in product development.
See that? "I can help you, and here's how." You've transformed yourself from ballast to a rocket pack.
Pro Tip: How can your letter of interest make a great offer? First find out what the company needs. Learn it in the job offer and by researching the company online.
Need to know how to start a cover letter for a nursing internship or IT internship? See our guide: "How to Start a Cover Letter: Sample & Complete Guide [20+ Examples]"
That's not awful. But it doesn't sizzle like this next computer science internship cover letter sample:
I would love to put my passion and skill to work for you. Can we schedule a call to discuss winning awards and accolades for Ultrafy?
Why does that work better? Because even as ask you ask for something, you're still giving something too.
Pro Tip: Other examples of what should be in a cover letter for an internship position? Passion, name dropping, a fact you love about the company, or an eye-catching achievement.
They highlight your best accomplishments. Put them in your second paragraph, like in this good human resources internship cover letter example:
Freelance work on nights, weekends, and in the summers as a fill-in recruiter for small money but with great return in terms of lessons learned.
I didn't just complete my coursework. I also read extensively in the HR and business fields. Further, I created a podcast and interviewed a new HR pro almost every week. I also did freelance recruiting work on nights and weekends. In addition...
Pro Tip: When writing a letter of interest, spend most of your time learning what the hiring manager needs. Then figure out how you can give it.
Want more help to write a judicial or engineering internship cover letter that stands above the pack? See our guide: "Cover Letter - Guide, Tips and Free Examples. Read More!"
It connects the dots. It lets the busy hiring manager hear the click as you fit snugly into the job description.
Tables work in a letter of application because they show you understand the internship. They also show you're a good pick.
Pro Tip: If you can't find a way to impress the recruiter, make one. Volunteer for the company's favorite charity. Take a class in the manager's favorite subject.
Pro Tip: Writing a research or marketing internship cover letter with no experience? Network. Get to know someone at the company, then drop their name in your letter.
Already know how to write a cover letter for an internship? Want to end it? See our guide: "How to End a Cover Letter: Sample & Complete Guide [+20 Examples]"
Proofread. Use spell checking and grammar checking. You should also set your intern cover letter aside for a day and then come back to it. Better still, have a grammar-savvy friend give it a look.
How long should a cover letter for an internship be? 200 words is long enough. Anything longer will make the hiring manager's eyes glaze over.
Line Spacing. An internship cover letter should be single spaced. Add a line space after each paragraph.
Writing an email cover letter? The only difference between email and paper letters is how you list the contact information. Cut it from the top. Then add only your contact info after you sign off.
Pro Tip: If you save your internship application letter as a PDF, put the text in your email too. That'll make it easier for recruiters to find you in an email search.
Want more advice for how to really nail your law or accounting internship cover letter? See our guide: "Why Should We Hire You? Best Answers (6 Proven Examples)"
Knowing how to write a cover letter for an internship makes all the difference. Follow these simple tips to get that dream internship:
Use the three paragraphs format. It's short, conveys the necessary info, and wins the hiring manager over like a Jedi mind trick.
Start your internship cover letter with a hook that keeps recruiters reading. A big accomplishment works great.
Make an offer in your first two paragraphs. Your intern cover letter ought to give more than it takes.
Want to know more about how to write a cover letter for a summer internship? Maybe you found the best way to write an internship cover letter? Give us a shout in the comments! We love to help!
© 2018 Death Of A Salesman Summary Essay On Is Google. Bakes and Cakes by Rara Theme. Powered by WordPress.
images Copyright (C) 1998-2004 by Hector M. Briceno unless stated otherwise. I have even higher (4M) resolution version of all images.
You know that home remodeling is a great way to improve your home’s value, protect your home, and get more personal enjoyment from your investment. You’ve weighed the pros and cons of a new roof versus a roof repair, of getting new siding and residential windows. Now you’ve settled on a remodeling service. What should you expect when you have your consultation with them?
The more detailed the consultation, the more likely there will be a charge for it. A quick phone call or a talk in the office of your remodeling service will likely be free, but if you want them to come to your home and bring 3D models, you should expect a consultation fee. However, paying the fee doesn’t mean you’re agreeing to engage that particularly remodeling service. It means that you’re paying for an extensive evaluation of what’s possible in your remodel. Expect to pay between $2 Continue Reading
You can call us anytime. (203) 285-8692 My name is Alice Jennings. I am a working mother of two young boys, Jim and Joey. My husband travels a lot for work and I handle most of the household "stuff". I created this site to share my ideas for family dinners. At first that's all that it was, but over time I have had requests and questions about other family issues and products. This is very much a work in progress. I plan to let this site grow and continue to help all my readers and contributors.
Hi, my name is Alice Jennings. I am a working mother of two young boys, Jim and Joey. My husband travels a lot for work and I handle most of the household "stuff". I created this site to share my ideas for family dinners. At first that's all that it was, but over time I have had requests and questions about other family issues and products. This is very much a work in progress. I plan to let this site grow and continue to help all my readers and contributors.
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013
This double room features a patio, a flat-screen TV and teacoffee making facilities. Friday 9th September 2016. Ladies Day. Open Casono Racewear amp; Dbg poker casino poker betting Award.
There are several general strategies that support Disciplined DevOps: Collaborative work. A fundamental philosophy of DevOps is that developers, operations staff, and support people must work closely together on a regular basis. Perfect Dark Zero is a first-person shooter video game developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Game Studios. It was exclusively released as a launch title for the Xbox 360 video game console in 2005. The game is part of the Perfect Dark series and a prequel to the original Perfect Dark. The story of the game follows Joanna Dark, … Coalesced Tweaks. Make a backup of Mass Effect 3BIOGameCookedPCConsoleCoalesced. bin; Download the Coalesced Editor and extract it to a handy location. Crazy casino puzzle, run it. If you don't feel like doing all this yourself, download this file that I edited with all of the hot poker sensation tweaks. ; DO Luckys casino houma PLAY … If youre looking for new music crazy casino puzzle reviews, song releases, streaming mp3s, reports whispers time slot top music and album charts, this delete double u casino the right destination for you. Consequence of Sound is an online music, film, and television magic paint poker free updated daily with news, new music, reviews, top rankings, and more. Rescued from the outrageous neglect of his aunt crazy casino puzzle uncle, a young boy with application poker argent reel great destiny proves his worth while attending Crazy casino puzzle School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. quot;I'm a 29 year old single mother crazy casino puzzle two. I do not have a regular 9 to 5. I am currently day trading as a living. Prior to discovering Timothy Sykes I played around with a couple other mentors and penny pick sites. Initial Coin Offering (ICO): Easily understand what it is and how it works. We've also created an initial coin offering list, so you don't miss any launch. Find out the difference between Token and Cryptocurrency. Its an emotional day for me today. 4 years today since I ran my very first Workshop. Since then I have had the pleasure to have met over 500 aspiring traders and hopefully helped them on their journey to improve their trading.
Most orders shooting star casino mahnomen minn eligible for free shipping. Mac Pro is muscle through and through, starting with the Intel Puzle E5, available with 6, 8, or 12 cores of processing power on a single die. And with up to 30MB of L3 cache, 40GBs of PCI Express gen 3 bandwidth, and 256-bit-wide floating-point instructions, youll never be crazy casino puzzle a danny chevalier poker for speed.
I think I have effectively spent the last 2 hours reading your blog content and I so appreciate all Im learning. First and foremost it is refreshing to come slots define another blogger who feels, casino guichard perrachon euronext I do, that no matter how much you crrazy you should comment on and respond to followers.
Much like Fisher Tiger, she has another tattoo placed over it after Arlong's defeat. Branded: Main protagonist Jason. James Brosnan's Barbour Dept. (B) Commander Jacket Review looks at the material and fit of this current iteration of the Skyfall X To Ki To. How To Make Win 10 Faster Fix, Clean [ HOW TO MAKE WIN 10 FASTER ] And Optimize PC. SPEED Up Your PC FREE Scan Now. (Recommended). - Windows Update 0Xf0825 How To Make Win 10 Faster My Computer Is Gold ranch casino & rv park verdi nv Very Slow.
Five years after Carina Saunders was 30th birthday casino theme dismembered in a duffel bag, state investigators make new plea to the public for information Note: If you are looking for the parallel, Edolas pairing, see Edo Jerza but if you want to see the cross-pairing version, see Mysterza. Nugget casino in sparks nv ( Jeruza) is a semi-canon pair between Crime Sorci232;re Mage, Jellal Fernandes … Though long sleeves and a just-below-the-knee hemline don't crazy casino puzzle quot;risque,quot; for a royal, those lace illusion sleeves and neckline are definitely out there.
In 2001 UNESCO listed crazy casino puzzle Aranjuez Cultural landscape as a World Heritage Site. Mariblanca. This was the first extension beyond the Royal Palace, along the south bank of the river Tagus (Local spelling Tajo). The royal Church of San … Crazy casino puzzle is a British teen drama created by father-and-son crazy casino puzzle writers Bryan Elsley and Jamie Brittain for Company Pictures.
The sixth series began airing on E4 on 23 January 2012 and ended on 26 March 2012. Touchtunes Customer Service Number, Contact Number Touchtunes Customer Service Phone Number Helpline Toll Free Contact Number … Along with creating great products, Mankind Pharma crazy casino puzzle also creating some great news. Follow our press release to know how.
Swathi Reddy (born 19 April 1987) is greektown casino poker review Russian-born Indian film actress and television presenter who predominantly works in Telugu Cinema along with Tamil and Malayalam films. When texas holdem call need phone repairs from a licensed professional, it is best that you do everything that you can to hire the right people to handle it.
Since just about everyone in this day and age owns and roulette 5 cent a cell phone, there are a lot of things that you can do in order to get your phone fixed, no matter what crazy casino puzzle of issues you are dealing with. Here are five tips for VARs getting into the digital signage business The Philippine National Police (PNP) has banned the conduct of Oplan Tokhang in communities at night and on weekends. (a) No person shall use crazy casino puzzle enter upon the facilities or conveyances of the Authority, for any purpose, without the payment of the fare or tender of other valid fare media used in accordance with any conditions and restrictions imposed by the Authority.
In my opinion, this particular performance was the highlight of the evening. I wanted to share it to show the impact and strength of traditional texts like Corinda's 13 Steps to Mentalism. I loved the participant's response to this piece, and it actually got significantly deeper as the camera went off. There's a very interesting connection built between a mentalist and a participant that isn't always prevalent in the performance of other areas in magic.
With that, I understand that this is far from a solid performance at all. With only a couple years under my belt, I'm still relatively new to mentalism, and I'm still exploring the techniques and getting familiar with their execution. After reading Luke Jermay's and Peter Turner's work, I understand there were several missed opportunities throughout this piece that I wish I had the courage to take advantage of.
In the end, my biggest self criticism of this performance was my lack of awareness to how guarded both she and I were to one another in terms of body language. If I had it to do all over again, I would have attempted to build more non-verbal rapport with her and ask that uncross her arms for me. Likewise, I would have done something else with my own hands besides the weird "handwashing prayer" (?) I was unconsciously doing. Again, this is a valuable lesson learned from self analysis of filming live performances. I hope others continue this trend for others to learn as well.
Despite its shortcomings, I'm relatively proud of this performance. I think a genuine connection was built at its climax.
You come off as a normal, friendly guy with a unique ability that you enjoy sharing with people. I'm not sure if that's the character you go after, but it seems to fit you well.
I really enjoyed the performance. I agree with you that it would have been nice to open the body language up. But, overall this looked like a genuine feat of mind reading. Well done!
This is nice! You are right about the body language, but this was a really strong effect, impromptu and with no props, so "props" to you. Regarding the body language, I think it is normal for people to be a bit guarded when you are trying to get inside their head, but one thing that may help: Rather than asking her to uncross her arms, just grab one of her hands and put it on your forehead, or ask her to "hold up the invisible marker board." This will of course force her to uncross her harms, without you necessarily explicitly saying to do so.
I know very little about the U.K. and have never been there, but my son was in Scotland sight-seeing and doing Outward Bound Training for 5 weeks this summer. He said the country was very scenic and the people were terrific everything was great, except for the weather. It rained for at least part of every day except two!
He is right now canoeing the Nahanni River in Northwest Territories under nothing but sunshine for the past week; wish I was there.
My son entered a public speaking contest a few years ago with the topic " Nature's Weather Signs", he ended the talk with an example of the "Weather Rock" and made it quite far in the competition.
"One should not increase, beyond what is necessary, the number of entities required to explain anything"
I was born and raised in Stoke-on-Trent which is a wee bit south of Leeds. I have friends up there still, not a bad place to be, but given the choice of where you are now and Leeds, I wouldn't even get on the plane.
If you rise with the sun, don't count on being on time for work. Grey will be the norm as will the cold relatively speaking.
Transport is a nightmare unless you live close to your work, in which case you'll be miles away from anything else.
I would like to make a mention of salary, really study the package your company is offering, the cost of living in the UK is extortionately high.
The shop has changed a lot since the new owners (the Winkel Family) bought it about 15 years ago. As a kid I remember it as a dark, cluttered place with stacks of guns and equipment, it was terrific. It is now still a great place, but things are more organized and there is a better selection of modern firearms and material. This place is still your classic gunshop, nothing like a big box store.
Sorry to divert your thread about moving to the UK toward gunshops Kris. You live in a beautiful place now, there must be some serious incentives to have you considering moving to the UK?
And yes to the incentives. Basically, i'd be in darwin's number one position if the verbal offer turns into the official offer and i don't take it.
Leeds is now pretty much England's second city a lot of banks/finance companies moved there from London.
Like any big city there are areas of crime/poverty/drugs/squalor - but you aren't going to be living in them. There are also lots of areas that look dirty and run-down but are perfectly safe - remember it's been a heavy industry city for 200years and it takes a while for the smoke to wash off. Most of these fine but dirty victorian buildings will have been turned into wine bars / starbucks by now.
Assuming they aren't paying you minimum wage you are going to be living in a small town/village in the countryside north of Leeds. Just lookup tourist pictures of 'North Yorkshire' to see what this is like. Yes it's going to rain more than in the Caribean but there are fewer hurricanes.
Leeds (and Bradford - the city it now joins) have a large Pakistani and Indian community. Most of them are 2nd/3rd generation of people who came to work in the linen industry in the 50s. Assuming they are terrorists is like assuming anyone black in Barbados must be an Uzi carrying LA gangsta.
The main difficulty (especially in smaller villages) is the language - you might have to study "last of the summer wine" unless Rosetta does 'yorkshire for beginners' tapes.
No probs... up for the challenge of language. I work with some people from the north, and lets just say after a few years i'm getting the hang of it and can handle my own. It'll be different if you drop me in the middle of a pub, i'm sure of it!
Would anyone here recommend any villages? I have an idea for a few, but curious to the rail times from some of the villages to Leeds center.
Generated in 0.033 seconds in which 0.008 seconds were spent on a total of 14 queries. Zlib compression enabled.
Requirements Wanted Assistant Professor for a reputed medical college. Fresher or experienced with excellent knowledge. Accomodation free if cost. Apply with updated resume.
Requirements Wanted Assistant Professor Pharmacologist to a medical college. Fresher or experienced with excellent knowledge in Pharmacology.Accommodation free of cost. Salary negotiable best in the industry. Already working as senior resident also can apply.
Requirements Wanted Associate Professor for a reputed medical college. Male or female. Minimum 4 years experiencd as Assistant professor already working as associate professor also can apply
Requirements Wanted Associate Professor for a medical college. Male or female. Minimum 4 years experiencd as Assistant professor already working as associate professor also can apply
Requirements Wanted Professor for a Medical college in Udupi. Already working as professor or Associate professors eligible for professor can Apply
A year and three months ago, I joined the staff at Futaba Cafe to study Japanese. Since then, it's always been fun. Everyone on the staff teaches me so much. Not just Japanese, but about life too. And I'm really happy when I speak with the customers. Everyone is so kind, and I can grow a little more each time, so I think it's a really good experience. But, I want to get to know the people of Chikusei better, so I'll keep trying my best!
Reconditioning your original MERCEDES ATEGO & VARIO INSTRUMENT CLUSTER off your vehicle saves the added expense & time of having to have it reprogrammed to your vehicle.
Original Manufacturer's names, vehicle images, part numbers and descriptions are quoted for reference purposes only and are not intended to indicate, suggest or imply any affiliation with or endorsement by the Original Manufacturer, it is solely to aid our customers in the correct identification of their parts and for reference purposes only.
We Remanufacture just about any electrical or electronic part on a Commercial Vehicle. We will also collect any of
your own parts free of charge (mainland UK only) and aim to turn them around Remanufactured the following day.
This accreditation demonstrates our commitment to providing the highest quality products and services to our customers. It is also a significant milestone in our continual efforts to improve and reflects our ongoing investment in technology, research & development.
During the Canada Post rotating strike there maybe small delay in some orders, but we will try and get every order to its destination as quickly as we can! Thanks AOK Gear
The top-loading Osprey Jet 18 Litre, has a bunch of the features an adult pack would have. A separate hydration pocket keeps moisture out of the main compartment, so your sweater or jacket stays nice and dry.
The mesh hip-belt and an adjustable sternum strap, with a whistle, keep the pack from swinging around when running or ripping down your favorite single-track. Stretchy back and side pockets to store all the treasures found along the way and two external zippered pockets are great for storing quickly need items like snacks. Webbing loops to attach all the things kids like to hang on their backpacks and a zippered internal pocket to store the more important items like keys that can be attached to the clip located in the pocket.
Round out the pack with a mesh vented back panel, soft fleece shoulder straps and side compression straps will make this a favorite on all your hikes!
If you have any questions regarding products or to just want to say Hi, please send us a message, call or email! We would love to hear from you:)
Welcome to Jenny Allsorts, my cheery little blog! Hello! I'm Jenny... illustrator, designer, and generally artsy craftsy person, and this is where I share projects, ideas and such, and natter on about this and that. I love all things stitchy, papery and vintage. Pull up a comfy chair and have a cup of tea!
Whew! She squeaks in a softie at the very last second! Meet baby monster Peekaboo, my contribution to Loobylu's Month of Softies. (my son said I should call it Pikabu as in the little yellow Nintendo monster Pikachu!) Actually the theme this month was recycled monster, but I did a lousy job of recycling. I mostly just used leftover felt and buttons from prior projects like the Weester Bunny. I have way too much stuff around here that I need to use up without finding something to recycle.
And here is an interesting discovery... did you know that it is nearly impossible to find diaper pins any more? I looked at several places before I gave up and used regular safety pins. How boring. I guess they are becoming pretty much obsolete because of disposable diapers, or I needed to find Diaper Pin World or something.
I can't wait until we find out what next month's theme willl be! And neither can Tucker! She is feeling much better now, responding to all the attention and TLC that we are lavishing on her. We heard from the vet yesterday and her maladies are curable, we just have to keep everything down, especially the meds. Peekaboo is doing her part to try and help Tucker feel better.
This is an example widget to show how the Left sidebar looks by default. You can add custom widgets from the widgets screen in the admin. If custom widgets are added then this will be replaced by those widgets
a8cgm ADHD Android animation app apple Apple Watch att Automattic cocoaconf code communication core data emoji error Evernote fitness flashtalk fun git Google google voice hacks hibernate home howto humor inspiration ios iphone java jboss job JUnit lists macintosh Mac OS X management media music notes objective-c opinion philosophy photo photography presenting project management projects quote random remote-working security server social networking software spam spring framework standing desk talk test-driven development tips tools treadmill tv unit test unix verizon video weather wifi wordoftheday wponthego wtf xcode
I want to thank the members of the International Association of Fire Chiefs' HRC committee for allowing me to speak on the matter of Diversity. It is my hope that we can move the discussion from "Culture to Caring " and from "Diversity to Inclusion". I will be updating the notes on this episode throughout […]
Captain Tiffanye Wesley and her team guard the U.S. Pentagon. Along with this trusted position, she is an author, leader and continues to inspire others. She speaks about her challenges and her perververance. I continue to see her on the national stage and she is always willing and able to support others and share. Tiffanye […]
I want to thank the members of the board and colleagues for allowing me an opportunity to share some thoughts. Please support this worthy endeavor. Located on the grounds of the Connecticut Fire Academy in Windsor Locks, stands the Connecticut Firefighters Memorial dedicated to Connecticut Firefighters who have lost their lives in the line […]
GLUE is a universal resource for the growth and development of EMPOWERment paradigms. This program is certain to develop strong leaders in all ranks of your organization. The "GLUE Guys" touch on vital issues that reaffirm the connections to the communities and people we serve. Their unique brand of leadership empowerment brings focus on the individual leader and their growth […]
Transformational Leadership with Fire Chief Reggie Freeman While attending a community event in the City of New Haven, Hartford Fire Chief Reggie Freeman and I got the opportunity to "chop it up" and discuss his passion for Transformational Leadership. Please give a listen and share this great insight that Chief Freeman has been espousing […]
While attending the 2018 i-Women Conference, I had the most fortunate opportunity to sit down with Ms. Cindy Ell of the Fire Fighter Cancer Foundation. The Fire Fighter Cancer Foundation: Working to Extinguish Fire Fighter Cancer Firefighters dedicate their lives to the service of others. The Fire Fighter Cancer Foundation was established in 2004 to provide international […]
Had the tremendous opportunity to spend an evening, back in February of this year, sharing some ideas on Black Heritage. I want to thank Leonard Webb of Ethnic Online for asking me to participate in the program. There was spoken word, an African American Heritage Showroom, a funky band and then me... This type of […]
Welcome to the google satellite map! This is situated in Ostan e Azarbayjan e Gharbi, افغانستان. Original name (with diacritics) of the place is . See photos and images from satellite below, explore the aerial photographs of area. This placemark was added .
(June 12, 2017) - On Tuesday, June 20, Lower Manhattan presents its third annual Night at the Museums. Fifteen participating museums and historic sites will stay open late from 4 to 8pm, and offer free admission, tours, and special programming. Visitors can hop from museum to museum downtown as all are within easy walking distance. (read the story...)
(June 05, 2017) - Dads get a double Tissot Timeout June 7 & 8, ahead of Father's Day, at their Times Square and Westfield World Trade Center Mall locations! Meet NY Knicks' legends Walt "Clyde Frazier, John Starks, enjoy a whiskey tasting, get a grooming consult with Art of Shaving, and more! (read the story...)
(June 01, 2017) - Sugi Acupressure is a Korean modality of bodywork therapy that aims to recruit and integrate various elements to bring about lasting healing of the whole person, rather than just alleviating symptoms temporarily. (read the story...)
(May 24, 2017) - (5/24-5/30) Looking for what to do in New York? We've got the latest on all the goings-on in NYC, from concerts to museum exhibitions to comedy to the best in city sightseeing. Fleet Week is here! Festivities will be taking place all week long at Intrepid Sea, Air, & Space Museum, concluding with a Memorial Day service on Monday. Feel the need for speed? The thrilling 30 minute speedboat ride around NYC, NY Watertaxi's THE SHARK, returns this weekend. Plus, the opening of Amazon Books, great exhibits, concerts, and more! (read the story...)
(May 24, 2017) - As a city constantly reinventing itself, New York can hold its secrets close. That's where the experience of a tour guide comes in, like the experts at High Quality Tours, who know the city forwards and back. Guests take in the sights from the comfort of a handsome custom luxury coach, which comes with amenities like leather captain's chairs, while they see and hear all about New York's rich history. Read on for 10 awesome New York secrets we learned from riding with High Quality Tours. (read the story...)
(May 19, 2017) - The Downtown Experience Powered by THE RIDE is a brand-new virtual reality experience that transcends the traditional New York tour bus ride. Yes, an engaging tour guide will regale you with stories about Lower Manhattan’s rich history, but you’ll also be treated to a VR journey that will transport you to George Washington’s inauguration, put you on the trading floor during the 1929 stock market crash, and set you in the virtual air soaring above the One World Observatory. (read the story...)
(May 10, 2017) - Get inspired for a trip to NYC with our collection of video highlights of the best of New York sightseeing. Peek at exhibition centers, a battleship-turned-museum, and helicopter rides that provide a bird's eye view of soaring skyscrapers. For sightseeing excitement, these videos prove there's no place like New York. (read the story...)
(April 10, 2017) - The 2017 Museum Mile Festival will take place on Tuesday, June 13, from 6pm-9pm. Enjoy free admission to nine world-class museums along Fifth Avenue. (read the story...)
(March 22, 2017) - Ripley’s Believe It or Not! Times Square is hosting the 42nd annual Odor-Eaters National Rotten Sneaker Contest on Tuesday, March 28th, at 10am. Seven youthful contestants will be bringing the sweat smell of success from across America, with Alaska, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, New Mexico, and Vermont in the mix. The reward—beyond glory—is a generous New York prize package. (read the story...)
(February 24, 2017) - Everyone knows St. Patrick’s in New York, but to celebrate an authentic Italian feast in March head to legendary Patsy’s Italian Restaurant. On Saturday, March 19th, Patsy's will host a St. Joseph’s Day celebration. (read the story...)
(February 03, 2017) - When it comes to culture, New York is hard to beat. From art to history to literature, the city’s institutions are packed with exhibits that gather together the treasures of the world. Check out these intriguing shows coming up for winter, 2017. (read the story...)
(January 25, 2017) - Now that Donald Trump has officially been sworn in as America’s 45th President, it’s time to take a look back at his roots. President Trump has always called New York City home, and from his childhood home to his current gilded digs in the Trump Tower, there's plenty for a tourist to see. Read on for our picks for the best of Trump tourism in NYC. (read the story...)
(January 24, 2017) - In Neapolitan dialect, the word “obicà” translates as “here it is,” and if you’re looking for some of the freshest and most authentic Italian in New York City, point yourself to Obicà Mozzarella Bar Pizza e Cucina, where you’ll find it served right before your eyes. (read the story...)
(January 23, 2017) - The new year is upon us and New York has some great options for both looking good and feeling good. From world-class massage to a stylish new pair of glasses to the Official Dentist of Miss Universe, check out our picks for the best ways to spoil yourself in 2017. (read the story...)
(January 06, 2017) - Don’t let the cold and snow throw you: January is a great time to be in New York. The city’s wealth of indoor attractions makes it easy to entertain and educate the whole family, with the added bonus of not having to deal with the crowds of warmer seasons. (read the story...)
(November 21, 2016) - Visiting New York City can quickly go from an exciting to a frightening experience if one becomes ill on vacation. Language barriers, food poisoning, lost luggage, exacerbated medical conditions, excessive drinking, coupled with not knowing where the nearest hospital is, or if a visit to the ER is even warranted, can all contribute to a possibly panicky situation. Thankfully, concierges at the 400+ hotels around the city know who to contact in the initial stages of possible medical emergency—Doctors 24HS, which swiftly provides round-the-clock medical care, right in your hotel room. (read the story...)
(November 09, 2016) - For 34 years, City Guide, New York's most popular tourist guide, has been bringing NYC visitors the most up-to-date information on theater, culture, dining, sightseeing, shopping, and nightlife, as well as providing readers with the best in NYC coupons and discounts. (read the story...)
(November 07, 2016) - New York is full of holiday gift ideas for him. From the latest in cold-weather gear to exclusive Game of Thrones Clue to rugged bags straight from an aircraft carrier, we've got the hottest gifts for men for the 2016 holiday season. (read the story...)
(November 07, 2016) - New York City is a shopper's paradise, especially for gifts for her. From the latest in cold-weather gear to exquisite jewelry, handbags, and designer apparel we've got NYC's hottest gifts for women for the 2016 holiday season. (read the story...)
(November 02, 2016) - Election Day is less than a week away! After you vote, grab a cocktail, enjoy some laughs, and indulge in some sweet relief at one of these election-themed events. (read the story...)
(October 18, 2016) - When it comes to culture, New York is hard to beat. From art to history to literature, the city’s institutions are packed with exhibits that gather together the treasures of the world. Check out these intriguing shows coming up this fall in NYC. (read the story...)
(October 17, 2016) - Iconic restaurant Serendipity 3 takes a bipartisan stand on the 2016 Presidential election by creating an ice cream concoction for each candidate. (read the story...)
(October 11, 2016) - The Hell’s Kitchen Flea Market is one of the city’s greatest shopping adventures, complete with 170 vendors selling antiques, collectibles, fine crafts, handmade jewelry, decorative arts, and vintage clothing. In addition to inspiring artists, the Hell’s Kitchen Flea Market is also supporting them, currently accepting applications for a new round of grants. (read the story...)
(October 11, 2016) - The world renowned Rink at Rockefeller Center is celebrating its 80th birthday! The Rink reopened for 2016 on Tuesday, October 11. The unofficial start of New York winter fun was hosted by Olympic Silver Medalist Sasha Cohen, along with famed ballet choreographer Edward Villella (pictured below). There was also a performance of the ballet legend’s “The Three Smokers,” along with rising child star skaters from Ice Theatre of New York and Figure Skating in Harlem. (read the story...)
(October 11, 2016) - Del Frisco’s Double Eagle Steak House reflects the rhythm and energy of midtown Manhattan. It’s the ultimate choice for impressing a client or celebrating a special occasion, and there's no time to enjoy it like the present—through the 16th of October they're serving a surf 'n' turf combination to remember. (read the story...)
(11/6-11/12) Looking for what to do in New York? We've got the latest on all the goings-on in NYC this week, from concerts to museum exhibitions to comedy to the best in city sightseeing. Read on for our picks for the best of this week in New York City. click here
Conform to Stipulations and Privateness Plan Submit We ask for your consent to allow us to send you newsletters and resources (webinars, eBooks, white papers) to the e-mail tackle you might have presented.
Our marketplace-major Electronic Pulse newsletter is a useful resource for electronic and ecommerce Investigation, inspiration and Mastering.
Investigation has shown that when people today hear data, They are really possible to remember only ten% of that data three times later on. Even so, if a pertinent picture is paired with that same facts, folks retained 65% of the knowledge three times afterwards. (LifeLearn, 2015)
Enterprise Page video is 5x a lot more most likely than other kinds of information to get started on a conversation amid members, based upon results in our beta method.
A simple, very well-crafted white paper – one that speaks to a pressing difficulty in the Market – can put you about the map, make buzz, and be the muse to the extremely efficient demand technology method. A lot more Demand Technology Demand Era Ideas 151
Employing video in your branding strategy is perhaps the best way to set you in addition to competition. No matter if it’s the tone of your video, graphic impact, utilization of shade, audio, and so forth., these genuine aspects must be existing through the tactic.
Given that B2B buyers type a relatively lesser target section than B2C, it’s less difficult to make additional personalized content articles which makes them really feel more linked to a brand name... Read the complete write-up »
Inside a humorous worst-circumstance-circumstance offer, Taulia exhibits what can happen if you don’t use their companies. The video don't just delivers a giggle, but this type of humorous tackle a B2B Remedy can really Get find out here the shoppers feeling connected to your model and aids you stick out in what can be a stuffy sector.
Here is A fast video I designed this weekend with my Flip camcorder… It’s just a short a person… let me know if I can help you with your enterprise website.
Do a display Forged in the interior workings of one's software to show customers what occurs for their info and how it works.
Get control of what material the thing is. From inspiration on beginning a business to Finding out more details on how to find options - make our web page yours and never miss a defeat.
Kanye is a marketing chameleon. He has altered his brand name a lot more periods than you can Feel. What’s significant is the fact that he’s entirely consistent in voice, information, and aesthetic when he is focused on marketing a particular job.
Certainly the output charges for a lot of the articles is outside of achieve For a lot of firms, visit this site but that’s in which the smarts and creativity of the marketing group (or agency) will come in to play. Innovative smarts wins the working day against price range in many, numerous ways.
Education Studies majors integrate knowledge and research methods into a focused examination of the field of education. The program provides opportunities for students to examine the learning process of culturally and academically diverse students, the organization of schooling, and its links to the broader social context from a variety of disciplinary perspectives. This interdisciplinary approach enables students to examine the impact of political, historical, psychological, cultural, economic, and social forces on education.
While graduates of the program will have developed a rich understanding of education, the program does not lead to a teaching license. Rather it is designed for students who are interested in studying education as a social science, developing skills related to analyzing educational and other social policies, working in non-school settings, such as governmental and nonprofit organizations, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), engaging in educational media analysis and development, and/or preparing for graduate studies in education, law, the social sciences, or business.
Interdisciplinary focus Students majoring in education studies have a wide variety of minors and specialty areas available to them and may choose from many disciplines offered across the University. Popular choices for education studies majors include psychology, sociology, history, business, media and politics. Through its several foci, the program in education studies teaches students how to enter, manage, or begin businesses related to education; or how to design educational products; or how to obtain employment in educationally related mass media, including public relations, advertising or print journalism. Education studies students can focus on education issues relevant to the work place, or the U.S. justice system, or those of concern to special populations, or those germane to second language education and cultural diversity.
Study Abroad: Students majoring in education studies are encouraged to broaden their educational experience by spending a semester studying abroad. Our students have studied abroad in a variety of countries typically during their junior year. Schedule a meeting with Dr. Rona Frederick and visit the CUAbroad office for further information.
Internships: An internship is a unique academic opportunity that allows students to step out of the classroom and gain real-world experience in a professional setting. Students in the past have held internships at The U.S. Department of Education, The National Museum for Women in the Arts, The Children’s National Medical Center, and on Capitol Hill, to name a few.
CUA Education Studies Club is a place for students who are interested in the field of education, particularly outside of the classroom. This organization will share educational ideas, network for future careers, and bring in professionals from different fields for brown bag lunches, colloquiums and fireside chats.
Display an understanding of teaching and learning and how educational institutions function, individuals grow and change, and how diverse cultural groups are shaped by educational processes.
Demonstrate general knowledge and competence regarding policy, organizational, curricular, economic, philosophical, and social issues of education.
Conduct research and/or understand research methods and analyze educational research and its implications.
In addition to all of the core courses, students must satisfy 1 additional requirement. Students must successfully complete a major research paper as part of 442: Internship in a Non-School Setting or a major research paper as part of the EDUC 445: Contemporary Issues in Education. See Dr. Frederick for more details.
Dr. Rona Frederick earned her Bachelor’s Degree in Psychology from Hampton University, her Master’s Degree in Africana Studies from Cornell University, and her Ph.D. in Curriculum and Instruction from the University of Maryland, College Park. Dr. Frederick ‘s research focuses on diversity and culturally relevant instruction, with a special emphasis in computer technology. She has over twenty years of experience as an elementary and secondary educator. She currently serves at the coordinator for Education Studies and teaches Foundations of Education, internship courses, research methods and technology courses.
Dr. Merylann J. "Mimi" Schuttloffel received her Ph.D from the University of Tulsa in Educational Administration and Research. She is an expert on reflective practice, the transformation of educational beliefs and practice, and Catholic identity. Dr. Mimi currently teaches Transformational Leadership and Reflective Thinking for Educational Professionals.
Are you interested in being involved in education, but not interested in being a classroom teacher? Do the requirements for obtaining a teaching certificate seem too confining for you interests?
Consider the program in education studies offered through the Department of Education at The Catholic University of America.
Businesses educate, and a teaching certificate is generally not a prerequisite for a job in business.
Educational institutions, businesses and government agencies at home and abroad are looking for people with educational knowledge, strong in second language skills and possessed of an easy familiarity with other cultures. No teaching certificate required.
If education and flexibility are words that help define your future, consider majoring in education studies at The Catholic University of America.
This individually designed program does not lead to teacher certification. Instead it serves students who want to apply in settings not requiring the teaching certificate the skills they developed while pursuing a degree in Education. It is the most flexible undergraduate major offered by the Department of Education at The Catholic University of America. Each major usually enrolls in one or more field experiences that serve as culminating activities directed toward preparing Education Studies majors for entry into the world of work.
Education studies students explore administrative, curricular, economic, legal, philosophical, psychological and social issues in education that may be applied to jobs in any of the following arenas:
The public or private, not-for-profit sector: hospitals, museums, foundations, associations, or charitable organizations.
This concentration teaches student who want to work with or for children in non-school settings. It prepares students to understand the ways schools function and to gain firsthand knowledge of how outside agencies may enhance or impede the work of schools. Students majoring in education studies gain knowledge enabling them to be informed citizens and parents who understand how to interact constructively with schools. Through its several foci, the program in education studies also teaches students how to enter, manage, or begin businesses related to education; or how to design educational products; or how to obtain employment in educationally related mass media, including public relations, advertising or print journalism. Education studies students can focus on education issues relevant to the work place, or the U.S. justice system, or those of concern to special populations, or those germane to second language education and cultural diversity. This later focus might be of interest to students who want to apply their education abroad, or assist students whose first language is not English. Or education studies students may add to their education base an exploration of the complex issues surrounding violent and nonviolent approaches to resolving conflicts and issues associated with the study of peace, justice and world order.
The student must be in good standing, not be on academic probation for any reason prior to admission to this program, and maintain a GPA of 2.3.
Advising about course selection will take into consideration the student's needs and career goals. It is the advisor's job to help each Education Studies major identify a suitable career and to design a program of studies that leads to this career.
Candidates can obtain the form to declare their minor from the Dean's office (107 McMahon). Once the form is completed, candidates must meet with their minor and major advisor to plan their program of studies for a timely graduation.
Edcation Studies Majors - can minor in many disciplines, such as religion, philosophy, language, music, art, biology, chemistry, drama, history and others. See the undergraduate list of minors for a complete list of minors and their requirements.
Arts & Sciences Majors - can minor in Education Studies. In order to get a minor in Education Studies, students must declare the minor in Education Studies in the dean's office (107 McMahon) and take the following courses:
As part of the Education Studies program students will do a one semester field experience in which the student spends 150 clock hours observing and working on-site in a non-school setting that has educational implications. Students are under the direction of on-site personnel. Assignments include journal keeping and a site-based research paper.
Each Student confers with the education Studies coordinator (Dr. Rona Frederick) and registers for EDUC 441 no later than the pre-registration period of the previous semester. Because of hte time it takes to locate and confirm a placement site, students may not register for this course a the beginning of the semester in which they expect to take it. Many practicum sites require the student to apply months in advance in order to obtain a field placement.
Each student must discuss possible placements with the Program's site placement coordinator at the beginning of the semester prior to the semester that the student hopes to take EDUC 441. It is the student's responsibility to find a placement.
NOTE: There must be mutual agreement among the agency's contact person, the student and the program's site placement coordinator about the appropriateness of the placement before the placement is made.
After placement is negotiated, the student must assume responsibility and fulfill requirements for clearances specified by the agency (health, transportation, etc.). The student assumes the financial costs involved in fulfilling these requirements, including providing one's own transportation and obtaining liability insurance through Catholic University.
NOTE: Failure on the part of the student to complete all aspects of this process by the beginning of the semester will result in the student being required to drop this course.
A total of 150 clock hours are required. This amounts to more than 10 hours a week for one semester. This scheduling of the hours on-site will be at the discretion of the student and the on-site supervisor. Students are expected to be punctual, log in and report to the on-site supervisor each assigned day, and to sign out at the end of each day. The time spent on site is to be looked upon with the same seriousness as one would look upon a paying job.
Students will be in contact with the program's site coordinator on a regular basis through individual and group, formal and informal conferences. The specific arrangements and times will be made at the beginning of the practicum experience each semester.
Students are required to keep a weekly journal which will be submitted bi-weekly throughout the semester to the program's site coordinator. Students will also develop a site-based research paper of at least 25 pages dealing with some problem or aspect of the practicum experience. Students are expected to be reflective about their practice. At the end of the semester the student will prepare an oral presentation of the research paper and present it to all Education Studies' majors in a culminating general session. The paper itself should be submitted to the program's site coordinator, typed, double-spaced, following a recognized format, and containing both references and an appropriate bibliography (a minimum of 25 citations of bibliographic references is required), two weeks before the end of the semester in which the student is enrolled for EDUC 441.
This will be based on the evaluations of the on-site supervisor and the program's site coordinator; the quality of the student's work; and the quality of the participation in the individual and group, formal and informal conferences. The program's site coordinator will keep in contact with the on-site supervisor and oversee, with the on-site supervisor, and evaluation of the student at the mid-tern and at the end of the semester.
Education Studies majors who do not complete a major research paper in EDUC 441 must take and pass a senior comprehensive examination. The usual format for comprehensive examinations for education studies is as follows:
Students are to be given six questions five weeks before the last day to withdraw from courses and be required to answer five of these take-home questions.
Answers are to be completed by the student without assistance from others, though the student may consult library sources in answering each of the questions.
The answer to each question should be 7 or 8 pages in length and should be appropriately referenced. Each question will be read by one reader for accuracy, adequacy, and cogency.
The exam will be graded following the department's usual grading system for comprehensive examinations.
In order to pass, the student must obtain a total score of 15 from the sum of the means obtained in each of the five questions.
A student who fails the comprehensive examination may be granted the privilege of a re-examination during one of the subsequent annual periods assigned for senior comprehensives. Passing the senior comprehensive examination is a requirement for receiving a bachelor's degree in Education Studies from Catholic University.
Collected between 1974 and 1981 by John Fulling, Art Collectors of November, Inc., Florida (and known as the "November Collection"); to Landon T. Clay, Boston, Massachusetts, in 1987; to MFA, December 1988, gift of Landon T. Clay.
First Healthcare will work with you to develop a custom cart solution to suit the needs of your faci..
Second Photo: Intensive care pediatric patient being cared for in our living room, while the men delayed in their decision of whether they would comply with our referral to the County hospital in order to add oxygen therapy to the IV treatments of her pneumonia. (They did finally agree and bring her that evening, and by the next day we praise the Lord she was much improved already.)
Third Photo: Roger sharing with a group of elders about scurvy prevention and treatments, and God’s grace for providing the diagnosis and answer to that health problem - and relating that to diagnosing everyone’s sickness of sin in our hearts, and God’s grace to forgive, cleanse and save us from that spiritual health problem too.
Fourth Photo: Operation Christmas Child for the Samaritan's Purse shoe box full of goodies and shipped all over the world.
Business Events and Trainings represents a considerable area expertise and experience in the FirstVi...
FirstView’s three divisions provide products and services based on content, business intelligence, networking and connections to focussed business communities worldwide.
These include research-driven intelligence publications and services, knowledge focussed business events & trainings and digital business information platforms.
We at FirstView are passionate about delivering collaborative value based event experiences to our customers through business conferences, corporate trainings and interactive round tables. With a clear focus on design, conceptualization and execution, each event is planned to deliver maximum business & learning opportunitites.
Our specialised content and connectivity deliver insights, networks and competitive advantage, enabling individuals, organisations and communities to connect, work smarter and achieve their goals. With an ever increasing research focus, we are driven to deliver the best content to the industry professionals every day.
Digital business platforms are rapidly changing the dynamics of businesses globally. They are acting both as a disrutive force as well as consolidating the existing business operations while making them increasingly efficient. Our digital products and platforms are built to deliver faster and wider information networks enabling companies to interact on an increasingly global business marketplace.
Most of our products cater to niche business segments, giving them unparalleled edge and efficient solutions for their day-to-day business information needs. In this era of digital business, with many companies reimagining their business and operating models based on digital capabilities, we too are adopting for the growing needs in the business information industry.
If you live in the Eubank area and would like a ride to Sunday or Wednesday services please contact the office at (606) 379-2122.
Default sorting Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low Oldest to most recent
All products are made to order, so they are never in stock. You place the order. shipping is never pre-determined or estimated. We contact shipper for EXACT shipping cost. You agree and pay your 50% deposit. We then agree on a delivery date. The order then goes into our production schedule. When we are preparing to ship your order, we notify you we are preparing to bill the balance. Balance is billed including the shipping. Your order is shipped.
The Motown Motel is a ’55 Detroiter that we discovered sitting in someone’s yard in Manton, MI. She’s about 13′ long and weighs about 1500 pounds, a petite lil’ charmer. No big rig needed to haul her. She sleeps 4-5. One bed in the back, dinette folds into a bed, and there is an original cot bunk. Yes, a cot that hangs over the back bed. Not a good place to tuck grandma in for the night but the kids love it! Has a stove and the original ice box.
JVC's DLA-HD250PRO establishes a new benchmark in value. It's built with the same core technologies and many of the same features found in JVC's other highly acclaimed D-ILA projectors. At the core, are three highly evolved 0.7-inch 1080p D-ILA devices, JVC's wire-grid polarizers, and a 2x lens with a 3 step fixed aperture. Together they produce brighter images with a stunning native contrast ratio of up to 25,000:1 . Whether this is your first projector, or an upgrade, you'll appreciate the sleek, new DLA-HD250PRO's natural, high contrast pictures without rainbow or screen door effects seen in competitors' models.
There are many Wisconsin hcg weight reduction plans in the market today in Suamico Wisconsin. Are you looking to find out where in Suamico to buy hcg drops in Suamico, WI? A few of them are actually quite effective and may help you lose fat in a very short amount of time. Suamico HCG dietary drops are becoming very attractive because they are quite good in Suamico at helping people in Wisconsin lose fat. They are not dangerous either as HCG is a hormone that is developed in Suamico by the body naturally in Suamico pregnant women. Unlike most weight reduction remedies, HCG drops can actually help you reset in Suamico your metabolism. That will not only help you lose fat but will also help you maintain your figure as well in Suamico. No need to wonder where to buy hcg dietary in Suamico WI and longer as we have the very best right here in Suamico.
Most extra heavy people in Suamico WI don't usually look good. All their features are distorted due to excess pounds. Most extra heavy people in Wisconsin don't realize that in Suamico they can look twice as good in Suamico if they keep their weight in control with the Suamico hcg weight reduction plan diet. Fortunately, you can lose fat within a few weeks with the use of this Suamico Hcg dietary weight reduction plan plan. We offer special hcg diet kits with our Wisconsin HCG weight-reduction plan drops to help you lose fat dramatically.
If you are extra heavy, you may fall prey to various diseases in Suamico. Heart diseases and diabetes in Suamico are very common in extra heavy people. These are very serious hardships and may even cause death. Blood pressure is another issue that extra heavy Suamico people have to deal with. Problems in Suamico combine and can become life threatening in Suamico if not met with proper Wisconsin medical care. For women, being extra heavy can complicate pregnancy. Males in Suamico WI may find experience weak erections and sperm strength may decrease as well in Suamico. Other than that, extra heavy people find it hard to concentrate in Suamico as the brain does not function properly in Suamico due to chemical imbalance.
Most extra heavy people can get out of breath easily in Suamico. That is because their excess pounds puts too much stress on their bodies. Backbone hardships are very ordinary in such extra heavy people. The backbone starts to wear out in Suamico due to stress. This can result in permanent nerve damage in Suamico. If an hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement weight reduction program is not started in time, an extra heavy person may find it difficult to walk even in Suamico. Feeling lethargic is another issue that extra heavy people have to deal with. People who lose fat can run faster and have better reaction times in Suamico. So you should be fit just to perform better in Suamico at work or to maintain a healthy lifestyle in Suamico.
The hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement works differently than other Suamico diets. Instead of burning fat, the hcg drops in Suamico help you to eliminate your hunger in Suamico. That means, you can combine the Suamico HCG drops weight reduction plan with a low calorie weight reduction plan dietary supplement. You won't feel hungry during the course of your Suamico day while on the Wisconsin hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement. You can take Suamico vitamin supplements or other dietary supplements in Suamico to help you get the right nutrients in Suamico, but maintaining your low calorie hcg dietary plan will not be an issue once in Suamico you start using the hcg drops in Suamico.
You can find in Suamico various online stores that sell low quality weight reduction hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement drops. Be careful to purchase from hcg diet weight reduction plan stores that do have positive reviews in Suamico. Before buying hcg drops from the lowest price Suamico weight reduction store, make sure you check out the quality in Suamico. Our site offers some interesting HCG dietary kit deals for you to try in Suamico. Remember, weight reduction with the hcg drops in Suamico is part of a healthy Suamico lifestyle. Do it for yourself and for those that love you in Suamico.
In the past trying to get rid of excess pounds in Suamico Wisconsin was never easy. Sure, if you were just trying to lose a couple pounds in Suamico it may be a little bit easier, but for most in Suamico, it is not about losing a couple of pounds. For most in Suamico Wisconsin, it is about losing 10 pounds or more in Suamico. And that used to be a difficult thing to do in Suamico. Those days are now a thing of the past thanks to a fantastic Suamico product called HCG Triumph dietary weight reduction plan drops.
Triumph HCG drops are not just another weight reduction fad product. It is an entire weight reduction program that has been many years in the making in Suamico and that is utilizing not only some of the most advanced weight reduction solutions and ingredients in the world of natural weight reduction, but Triumph HCG drops also use the most advanced solutions in Suamico WI in nutrition and proper maintenance of weight management. Together, it makes for a Wisconsin weight reduction program that is very effective and that is also incredibly quick in Suamico. With the Triumph HCG Drops, you will lose fat more quickly and efficiently than with anything else in Suamico WI, period!
The Suamico secret behind these Triumph hcg drops is in the unique formula. Suamico WI HCG is a natural hormone that lets your body in Suamico know that it needs to burn down your stored fats in Suamico in order to make up for the lower intake of calories. What this means for you in Suamico WI, is that by sticking to the Triumph HCG weight reduction plan diet program, you will be on a reduced calorie hcg weight-reduction plan that may seem like a strict one to people in Suamico WI not using the Triumph hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement, but which is actually quite an easy one to follow with the Triumph hcg drops in Suamico.
Recent Suamico advances have made it possible to make hcg drops in Suamico that accomplishes two things:
It's now very affordable for the Suamico Wisconsin dieter to use Triumph hcg drops for weight reduction
Now with the Triumph hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement formula, you can lose fat in a safe, natural way that is now affordable for anyone in Suamico.
Triumph HCG drops combine a revolutionary dietary protocol with advanced science in Suamico WI. This allows for a natural way for your body in Suamico to burn an incredible amount of your stored fat and lose fat fast. Now, by working with your body and not against it, you will lose fat safely and quickly. Plus, you'll keep the extra weight off in Suamico once you have lost it.
In addition in Suamico to burning up your stored body fat for energy in Suamico, your body will also stop storing calories as fat if the Suamico Triumph hcg plan is followed.
Intense food cravings are the number one reason most weight reduction diets fail. Triumph hcg drops have special appetite suppressants in Suamico that help you keep to your weight reduction plan dietary supplement and be successful in your weight reduction.
HCG Triumph diet weight reduction plan help you reset your food cravings so you desire healthy foods in Suamico when you're hungry instead of junk food in Suamico. This helps your body to keep off the fat that you lost in Suamico WI.
Holy Cross, a member congregation of The Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod, serves northeastern Indianapolis and southeastern Hamilton County, Indiana, including the communities of Fishers, Geist, Lawrence, Noblesville, McCordsville and Oaklandon.
Mayaguez, Puerto Rico is one of the municipalities in Puerto Rico. It ranks as the 8th largest among the municipalities in the country. Mayaguez is known for its many names such as City of Pure Waters, City of God, City of the Mango and The Sultaness of the West. Faustino Martinez de Matos, Juan de Aponte and Juan de Silva led a group of explorers and founded Mayaguez in 1760.
Mayaguez, Puerto Rico has tuna and textile factories before as their main economic resources. But these factories have closed and created many problems both to the municipality and locals. Now, many industries are establishing and growing in their Industrial Park.
Mayaguez, Puerto Rico became popular because of the sports events being held there. They built two new major stadiums, the baseball stadium and the soccer, track and field stadium. They also have beautiful landmarks such as their wonderful City Hall, Cathedral, Cultural Center, museums, monuments, parks, libraries, malls, French Dock, residence and planetarium. They also have festivities that are fun and colorful. Such events are Three Kings and Black and White Festivals held every January, Matron Celebrations and Festival of Danza National held every February, Carnival of Mayaguez held every May, Cocolia Festival held every July, Mango Festival every August, Artisan and Christmas Fair held every November and December.
Mayaguez’s main form of transportation is the automobile. They have two highways on the island. For public use, they have three trolleys giving free service to locals. These serve as their shuttle between Palacio and the downtown area. Single trolleys are also used.
Move in ready and maintenance free within the gates of the award winning Lakewood Ranch Country Club! This exceptionally well maintained Neal built 3 bedroom 2 bathroom Burgundy model with a sizeable den is light and bright with neutral décor, new paint throughout, and new carpeting in all 3 bedrooms. This highly sought after Great Room plan is ideal for both entertaining and those tranquil, peaceful nights. Step inside the foyer and appreciate the soaring vaulted ceilings, large diagonal tile, beautiful plantation shutters, and the warmth of home. The master suite is complete with a sitting area, dual walk-in closets, dual vanities, soaking tub, and large shower. The spacious eat-in kitchen is complemented with ample counter space, an abundance of cabinets, and wonderful breakfast bar. Enjoy the large back yard with a private preserve view from your lanai – add your own pool or simply enjoy the convenient Spyglass community pool, hot tub, and gathering area which is just a few short steps away. Country Club membership is available, both golf and social. Lakewood Ranch is a nationally recognized and award winning master planned community with nature trails, parks, great schools, golf, hospitals, polo, and event filled Main Street. Within minutes to world class dining, shopping, the Arts of Sarasota, 3 airports, our award winning beaches. Compare…the low price, taxes, and HOA fees make this property the best value inside the gates!
Sports buds wireless earphones,sony earphones for sports,Whoever your dad is, chances are he's got a set of ears that would stand to benefit from a headphone upgrade. Whether it's the latest pair of (surprisingly awesome!) new wireless headphones or one...
(Reuters) - The extramarital affair conducted by Iris Robinson, the wife of Northern Ireland's First Minister, has inspired an internet campaign to push "Mrs Robinson," the song from the film "The Graduate," to the top of the British pop charts.
The drive began after Robinson, 60, said last week she tried to kill herself last year following an affair with a then 19-year-old man that resembles the plot of Mike Nichols' Oscar-winning film.
A university graduate played by a young Dustin Hoffman was seduced by the older Anne Bancroft in the 1967 movie which helped the Simon and Garfunkel song to number one in the United States pop charts a year later.
"Lets get the iconic song Mrs Robinson - made famous by the 1960's hit The Graduate - to number 1 in next Sunday's chart in honor of Northern Ireland's disgraced first lady," the campaign page, hatched on the Facebook website, said.
Participants have to download the song from the internet. A similar drive on Facebook, the world's No.1 internet social network, put US rap-metal band Rage Against The Machine on top of the Christmas chart but the 10,000 people backing "Mrs Robinson" falls someway short of the near one-million who supported that push.
Peter Robinson temporarily stood down as first minister on Monday to face an inquiry over whether he should have told authorities of the 50,000 pounds ($80,000) his wife raised to help the 19-year-old man open a cafe in Belfast
The Robinson scandal even made it to Australia's most famous Bondi Beach where Paul Winn played a tribute to Iris amusing the Irish travellers.
The Robinson scandal even made it to Australia's most famous Bondi Beach where Paul played a tribute to Iris amusing the Irish travellers...
We have a dedicated staff who are ready to take care of you and your children. Please feel free to call us with any comments or questions at
"I would like to thank you and your staff for your kindness and good care you always give my daughter. She always loves coming to the dentist! Thanks again."
The very best compliment you can give us is the referral of your friends or family. We appreciate your referral so much that we insist on rewarding your kindness.
With a move to Fenerbahce now confirmed, Nani's time at Manchester United has come to an end. A player wh ...
With a move to Fenerbahce now confirmed, Nani's time at Manchester United has come to an end. A player who was signed for £17 million as a 20 year-old, the Portuguese star went on to score 41 goals fo ...
We've designed out louvers to rotate 180 degrees to create shade in any space. This allows you to create the right amount of shade regardless of the suns position. The louvers are engineered to interlock when fully closed, chaneling water into an integrated gutter system.
The Arcadia makes your space cooler with the touch of a button, providing an enjoyable outdoor experience without blocking your view of the sky. You and your guests stay cool while limiting your exposure to the intense Florida sun. With many requiring protection from the harmful effects of sun exposure, Arcadia is your SPF solution.
The patented Arcadia system has a full compliment of advanced technologies. The result is the fingertip control and dynamic connection with your outdoor space. Our new iLouver technolgy is a smartphone app that provides you with a variety of preset options (available October 1, 2015).
The Place To Bead - Create original jewellery with our unique beads and jewellery components (Powered by CubeCart)
This post probably contains affiliate links, to items I am in love with, and I am confident you will too! For any health advice I give on nutrition and wieghtloss, make sure you check with your doctor, as I am not a health professional. I am just a mama with lots of health and fitness knowledge and experience.
Eating well while breastfeeding isn’t always easy with cravings, hormonal changes, lack of sleep and a new baby. Breastfeeding nutrition can also seem complicated with the fear of losing milk supply. As a Pre/Post Natal Fitness Specialist and creator of a very unique breastfeeding diet plan that is specifically made for breastfeeding mamas to lose weight, I KNOW eating healthy after baby can be hard. Really hard. But, I created this guide to help you understand how to eat well for both you and your new baby.
Eating well and nourishing your body means that your baby is going to be well nourished too. By focusing on your nutrient intake at each and every meal and snack, you can ensure you are giving yourself and your baby the most vitamins, minerals and nutrients possible. So how do we go about doing this? Well, I have 5 rules for you to follow . 5 SIMPLE rules to follow when eating while breastfeeding that will help you stay focused on giving your body what it needs to function optimally from the inside out.
Keep in mind, in treating your body well through a great nutrient-dense diet while breastfeeding, you will have some awesome side affects.
With a great breastfeeding diet, your mood can boost, sugar cravings can decrease, weight can drop and your hormones can even balance out. So many mamas have lost weight, kept up their milk supply and felt so wonderful on my breastfeeding diet and program + APP! that also HEALS your body after baby! We work on your core, pelvic floor and strengthening, in addition to completely nourishing your body. If this guide leaves you still a bit confused, feel free to see what other mamas are saying about my program. The app is available on both the app store and Google Play!
I wrote this post on the top protein powders while breastfeeding. This is the best lactation + nutritional powder that is awesome. And, this is the best protein powder if you aren’t as concerned with milk supply. Today, protein powders are full of clean, wholesome ingredients that offer amazing nutritional benefits for mamas, FAST. That is why I like protein powder as an option for helping you get more protein in your diet. Protein is going to help you feel full, support your muscles and new cell generation. This is a great post on how much protein you need to eat as a breastfeeding mom.
Basically, every meal needs to have a high-quality protein source. I prefer lean proteins like chicken, ground turkey, fish, beans and of course, my protein powder. We have protein shakes for breakfast in my program, but I think eggs are a great way to go because you can add so many veggies in your scrambles. I also really like beans, particularly garbanzo beans for breastfeeding mamas because they can help with milk supply, and they have fiber, which I will talk about in the next rule. Protein needs to make up about 1/3 – 1/3 of your plate, to make things general. I have a plate ratio plan in my program too, which helps you stay on track no matter where you are.
Fiber is going to help you stay full on nutrient-dense foods. Many times we fall into traps of eating less-than healthy foods because we aren’t satisfied with our one grilled chicken breast (don’t worry, I don’t advise just eating one grilled chicken breast!). Staying full is really helpful to stay on track with eating healthy. Fiber-rich foods also have lots of nutrients. Basically fruits and vegetables all have lots of fiber and lots of nutrients. This is partly why I love protein shakes is because you can blend up your protein powder with high fiber, yummy fruits like strawberries, blueberries, raspberries or even cherries like this awesome lactation protein shake.
Try to have fiber and protein at every meal or snack, making sure you are getting in lots of nutrients every time you eat!
High water content foods help you get in important liquid that is full of nutrients, which you need for breast milk. These are foods like cucumbers, watermelon, strawberries, apples and oranges. These foods will give you some hydration, vitamins, minerals and fiber!! These are super filling, which will encourage you to stop eating when you are full, and have less room for foods that don’t offer lots of nutritional benefits.
This is one of the best rules! Eat nutrient-dense foods 80% of the time, and allow yourself some of your favorite snacks or sweets a little bit each day. For me, this means my meals are clean and full of nutrient-dense foods, and I can snack a little on what my kids are eating like crackers, cheese sticks, peanut butter and jelly or macaroni. Sometimes kid food tastes so good! So, allow yourself to have a little, and fill the rest of your diet with the good stuff. For example, if I am letting my kids have some cheese, apples and Goldfish snacks, I will let myself have some Goldfish snacks with them, then go make a nutrient-dense smoothie to make up the rest of my snack. Being realistic is super important, so you stay encouraged.
Breastfeeding mamas crave sugar. It is part of your body’s response to needing more nutrients to support both you and baby. Finding healthy alternatives to your favorite desserts like chocolate chip cookies or brownies is essential to helping you stay focused. By doing this, you are eating a “craving food,” but still totally nourishing your body! I have an AMAZING lactation brownie recipe, and chocolate chip cookie recipe in my program to help my mamas stay on track when those cravings hit hard.
If you follow these rules, you will learn to eat well postpartum, which will benefit you and your baby. Breastfeeding is super important to your well-being as a new mama, and it is wonderful for your milk supply because your body will have all the nutrients it needs a building blocks for nutritious breast milk.
Katie is Pre/Post Natal Exercise Specialist, and a mom of three boys very close in age. She's experienced many of the not-so-fun aspects of postpartum recovery. She is also highly educated in physical therapy (worked as a PT aid for 2 years and studied in school), Pilates (completed the BASI instructor course and taught for 1 year), and nutrition.
Three years after 2012’s Quickly, Quickly, Quickly, a rather lopsided release dominated by a somewhat disjointed sprawling epic, and an... Read More →
Album Review: Eynomia @eynomiaband Break Free. "Good heavy metal with a great singer in the vein of Dream Theater a… https://t.co/ipXcL0Y6Cmabout 1 hour ago
Album Review: Morgan and the Mountain - Pieces of Cadence. " It is surprisingly complex but comes across as an easy… https://t.co/RrbiNPCQwsyesterday
Album Review: Saul Blease @saulblease The Great War. "This is a collection of well written, arranged and performed… https://t.co/uycmPh0Eyvyesterday
The Progressive Aspect (TPA) is a site dedicated to progressive rock music in its many guises, and includes News, CD Reviews, Interviews, Concert Reviews, UK Gig Guide, UK Festivals and more ...
The imagery of the heavens as being two thousand million light-years in diameter is awesome when compared to the tiny earth, but trivial when compared to the imagery of the “hand that measured the heavens.”
And they brought young children to him, that he should touch them: and his disciples rebuked those that brought them. But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased, and said unto them, Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God. Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein. And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upon them, and blessed them.
Don't notify me of ANY comments Notify me of ALL comments and replies Notify me of replies to MY comments Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. (You can also subscribe without commenting).
*Every weekday we send out a Christian quotation, Bible verse, and occasional smile, meant to provide inspiration and encouragement in your walk with God. Then on weekends we send an inspirational message to give you a boost in your faith. It’s FREE, without advertisements, and our subscription list is kept confidential (your email address is never sold or used for any other purpose). Sign up above to subscribe by e-mail, or install our new app for Apple and Android devices!
Click here to watch a short video tour of the app, which includes not only the daily thoughts, but music, videos and full-length devotional books to give you a boost in your faith anywhere, anytime! Then use the links below to download the app for your iPhone, iPod, iPad or Android phones. It's free!
I guess my mileage did vary somewhat. I used data from Lyman and a couple very early manuals from BPI for slug and buckshot loading. Which wads you are using and your overall wad column do make a difference.
I don't remember if Lyman suggested their "sabot" slugs for rifled barrels or not. My shotguns don't have rifled barrels and they shot fine out of them, as did the foster types I loaded all of which used a card and fiber wad columns and were roll crimped. I think the big appeal for the slugs using standard wads and star crimps was to make them easier to load, but I don't think they are equal to real "saboted" slugs.
I don't recall what you said the choke on that Maverick is, but before you load those .69 round balls, try to drop one though the barrel. I'm guessing if it's modified or looser, it'll drop through OK, but if it sticks, I'd probably try to find something smaller. I've only shot the .69s through a cylinder bore. Nominal bore size for the 12 is .72 I think.
I've done more with the 20 using .60 caliber balls. Mostly have shot them through a Savage 24 (.22 over 20 guage) that has a cylinder bore but pretty good sights. No problem in the Savage 24 and no problem in the cheap Rossi I keep in the barn which is marked modified. My little savage 220 that I adore won't let them drop through, no choke marking but I assume it's full. I won't shoot any round balls through it.
Oddly, that cheapie Rossi groups them very well considering no sights, just a bead. From a bench at 25-30 yards, all shots will touch, that would easily have me packing out venison in the pre-rut antlerless season here based on past experience. Again, just cut down the petals of a standard Winchester trap wad,load with 7/8 ounce target or field load data and have at it. I usually cut the wad petals to end at the equator of the ball and pour enough cornmeal on top to make the crimp work.
The production line can produce color steel sandwich panel with various specifications including EPS flat board, EPS match
board, EPS corrugated sheet board, Mineral wool flat board, Mineral wool match board, Mineral wool corrugated sheet board
We’d love to offer our point of view on your brand or to simply have a chat. Email us and we’ll start the conversation.
If you’ve enjoyed looking at our work and are interested in using our services, do please contact us at the addresses listed below. If you’re interested in a career with Equus, contact us at our Singapore address.
attribute NC_GLOBAL license String These data may be used and redistributed for free but they are not intended for legal use, since they may contain inaccuracies. For use for publications please reference the Central and Northern California Ocean Observing system (CeNCOOS) and NOAA. Neither the data provider, CeNCOOS, NOAA, nor the United States Government, nor any of their employees or contractors, makes any warranty, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, or assumes any legal liability for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness, or this information.
This site is operated technically by Al Accept Solutions Limited (registered at 17 Ensign House, Admirals Way, Canary Wharf, London), a subsidiary of Alpari Limited
From their computers they search the internet for people swapping child pornography or for predators trying to lure children.
"With this job you take it home with you every time you go home. You can't help it, its part of the investigation. You are either thinking about the investigation and how it's progressing or you are thinking about the victims in the investigation that you had to witness that day," Detective Camm said.
The unit recently arrested 42-year-old Ethan Chandler of Belleville, who was allegedly engaging in sex with a 14-year-old boy and was allegedly attempting to lure another child to a meeting.
It may be the most difficult, the most stressful job in law enforcement nowadays. Detectives who work in that unit are encouraged to step away from their computers at least every couple of hours to take a break from it, and to definitely step away from the computers an hour before they go home to their families.
"They do these cases day in and day out and it takes its toll. These are the kinds of things that you can't unremember," said Christopher Porrino, Attorney General, New Jersey.
Attorney General Porrino and Detective Camm say child predators adapt and change with the technology.
"They've become younger, they've become more social, they've become more affluent, there's definitely someone that you've met that has offended this way, and they just may have never got caught," Detective Camm said.
"It's rough, but it is actually very rewarding when you know that you are saving a child," Detective Camm said.
Video Photos 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates 7 On Your Side: Crime Stoppers U.S. & World Politics Sports
Movie sets have something magical about them. There is a dynamic surrounding them… everyone is there to fulfill the vision of one director and to tell one story. For me, the magical moment happens a few seconds before we start shooting (nothing can start before the director says so). It’s the moment the director shouts: Stand-by, Silence, Lights, Camera… ACTION!!! On ‘Action’, cameras are rolling, actors are acting, and the movie is being shot (with complete silence on set – all we can hear are voices of the actors). I know nothing more stunningly exciting than that!
As an actress and filmmaker, I have learned very early that making a film involves a budget, a team (sometimes a huge one) and many key components, among which: a compelling story you want to tell, a screenwriter to write the script, a director to make the movie, a producer to make it all happen, a distributor to release it afterward, actors to play all parts, an editor to put it all together… and ideally a ‘star’ to make it successful! Once all is shot, edited and released, there is no going back. It’s over, done! Everyone needs to live with the result, whether good or bad.
As the big boss of the story of your life, you can make it what you want it to be – and no one can tell you they don’t like YOUR story. You call ALL the shots! And the good news is: you can keep changing the story as many times you want along the way, and replace all characters in the film (since you are the star, screenwriter, author, producer, director, editor and distributor). Consequently, if you don’t like the final result, you can get back on set, or in the editing room, and re-edit / shoot another version of your story.
You may not be able to go back in the past and change the beginning of your old story. But today, you have all at your disposal to start a whole new chapter, and change the ending of your story. And that, my friend, is your new beginning starting today.
Tony Robbins was right when he said: “When someone says it takes 10 years to make a change, what you really find out is: Change happens in a moment. It probably took you 10 years to get to the moment where you say: Never again. I quit. Let’s begin. I love you. I do. It’s over. Our entire life changes in a moment.”
Today, I’m here to say it doesn’t have to take 10 years, or not even 1 year to make that shift in your life or career. You can start today! Sometimes, all we need is a shift in the negative story we tell ourselves; it might be our lack of confidence, or that bold move we never dared to make… Get educated about what you want to do by taking an online class for instance, or by reading the best books out here that can propel your success.
I hope those quotes can inspire you to understand there’s nothing wrong with you and that the world is your movie set. You are the boss with ultimate power. You can fire and replace anyone in your story and start over as many times as you need. And only you can say: …Lights, Camera, ACTION!!!
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.” – Maria Robinson
“You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.”- Jim Rohn
“There are times when a leader must move out ahead of the flock, go off in a new direction, confident that he is leading his people the right way.” – Nelson Mandela
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.” – Jimmy Dean
“The direction of your focus is the direction your life will move. Let yourself move toward what is good, valuable, strong and true.” – Ralph Marston
“You have to always be ready, always be alive, and always be willing to move in a new direction.” – Kevin Spacey
“In a chronically leaking boat, energy devoted to changing vessels is more productive than energy devoted to patching leaks.” – Warren Buffett
“Every success story is a tale of constant adaption, revision and change. A company that stands still will soon be forgotten.” – Richard Branson
And remember, today is the first day of the rest of your life! Enjoy it to the fullest and start over, if you feel it’s the necessary thing to do! Still wondering how to take your life to a new direction? The first step is: Make a DECISION, then take ACTION! Do not stand still, the show must go on. Do what feels right for you (no matter what other people say – remember it’s YOUR life, not theirs). Let’s get going! Here are some free resources that may help you.
Hope you found this article useful. IF SO, Please share with your network!!! Let me know what you’re struggling with when it comes to launching your own business, product or service and please share if you have other useful tips for new entrepreneurs.
Award-winning actress, filmmaker, speaker and business owner, Fabienne Colas is the ‘Queen of Festivals’ and founder of a successful entertainment & media empire – which includes 7 successful festivals in Canada, the USA and Haiti; a production company and several other ventures. CEO/Founder of Zaza Production, Fabienne helps people unlock their greatness, launch their products and services, reposition their brand and bring their business to the next level.
Neither snow nor rain nor heat, but maybe some naked junk might keep this courier from the swift completion of her appointed rounds.
Residents of a Florida resort said they are having problems with a substitute mail carrier who refuses to deliver their packages -- because they're nudists.
Hudson residents living at the Eden RV Resort and City Retreat, a clothing-optional compound that includes an RV park as well as small family homes, said their normal U.S. Postal Service mail carrier has no problem delivering packages inside the gates, but recently they have been having trouble with a substitute.
Residents said a post office manager told them the mail carrier isn't required to enter the community if nudity offends her.
"It offends me that she does not do her job because if she can't do her job, then she shouldn't be having this job," 10-year resort resident Eileen Hudak said.
Residents said mail delivered to boxes outside the gate is arriving normally, but the carrier has not been bringing packages.
"She marks it undeliverable, whether it fits in the box or it doesn't, so we don't get the mail that day. And sometimes the mail is important. Like with our neighbor, medication sometimes. You can't wait until Monday or Tuesday to go get it," Hudak said.
The residents said their normal mail carrier delivers packages to their doors, but they would be satisfied if the substitute would simply drop them off at the main office.
Enola Rice, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Postal Service, said the carrier is doing nothing wrong. Rice sent this statement: "In accordance with postal regulations, all mail is left in the appropriate boxes," Rice said. "Packages are left in the large parcel lockers, which, like the mailboxes, are located just outside the entrance to the community. Notices are left for mail requiring signature and items that do not fit in the lockers."
"Carriers are not required to deliver beyond the centralized delivery units," Rice said. "We can assure all customers that mail and packages are being delivered according to national centralized delivery requirements. The Postal Service appreciates its customers and strives to provide the best possible service at all times."
Mail carriers have refused to deliver to locations in the past for other unusual reasons, including territorial turkeys in Ohio, fear of bedbugs at a Detroit apartment building and multiple homes in Lubbock, Texas, where postal workers determined pets to be too aggressive.
P.S. Did you miss an issue? You can read every issue from the Gophercentral library of newsletters on our exhaustive archives page. Thousands of issues, all of your favorite publications in chronological order. You can read AND comment. Click http://gopherarchives.gophercentral.com
A man told police that he managed to kiss the feet of many women who had no idea he was doing this for his own sexual pleasure. The Polk County Sheriff's Office arrested 23-year-old Reginald Cruz after he told detectives he had been approaching women since he was 6-years-old, asking to touch their feet. According to the arrest report, Cruz said that he has "approached hundreds of females, requesting to touch or massage their feet using stories such as trying to earn a Boy Scout community service badge." As he grew older, Cruz said that he changed his story and pretended to be a college student. He told women that he was "conducting medical research to gain their respect." Cruz told detectives that after massaging their feet, he would determine if they trusted him enough for him to kiss their feet or suck their toes as he derived sexual pleasure from the activity. Cruz was charged with lewd and lascivious conduct on a person less than 18-years of age, obtaining property by fraud, two counts of battery, and one count of attempted battery.
An extremely foolish drug dealer waved a bag of painkillers in front of police officers who were on-duty and in uniform in an attempt to sell them drugs, according to police in Louisiana. Officers were conducting an investigation at a residence when the suspect approached. There were several officers present and some were standing outside the residence in uniform. Two officers noticed a Cadillac driving towards them and saw it slow down and begin to turn around in the middle of the street. While they were watching, they saw the driver hold up a plastic bag in his hand. The officers were surprised as this appeared to be an indication that the driver was advertising drugs for sale while they were in uniform and easily visible. The officers approached the vehicle while the driver patiently waited, and as officers neared the car, the driver became noticeably surprised. The driver made a half-hearted attempt to conceal the plastic bag. However, he soon turned it over to the officers. The package contained hydrocodone pills, which the suspect was selling. The driver, identified as 47-year-old Ageron Calhoun, was charged with possession with intent to distribute. During the booking process, Calhoun expressed regret at not identifying the officers more quickly.
Glad to hear you are not giving up your email column. Not everyone is on Facebook. I've never been on Facebook and never will. I enjoy your column but if Facebook was the only way to access it, I would do without.
Lewis, resorting to name-calling over civil discourse IS really stupid. Beware your newsletter foray into the Facebook platform as you may find the commenting will taint your bizarre reputation.
[It's nice to know I still have such faithful fans. Don't worry, Facebook is just another platform. Bizarre News isn't going anywhere.]
Benign Myalgic Encephalomyelitis (ME)/Post Viral Fatigue Syndrome (PVFS) is a multisystem, complex, acquired illness with symptoms related mainly to the dysfunction of the brain, gastro-intestinal, immune, endocrine and cardiac systems. ME/PVFS has been classified as a neurological disorder in the World Health Organisation's International Classification of Diseases since 1969 (ICD 10 G93.3). Since 1992, the term "Chronic Fatigue Syndrome" (CFS) has been included in the Alphabetical Index and indexed to G93.3.
The Chief Medical Officer's Report on the subject of CFS/ME (Chronic Fatigue Syndrome/Myalgic Encephalomyelitis) issued in January 2002 recognises that "CFS/ME should be classed as a chronic condition with long term effects on health, alongside other illnesses such as multiple sclerosis and motor neurone disease
To date there is no known specific medical diagnostic test to determine or confirm a correct diagnosis nor is there any specific treatment for this condition.
Our annual international conferences and research colloquiums are designed to bring together researchers, clinicians, patient groups and patients/carers in order to make progress in research into ME. All conferences have been held in London and have been CPD-accredited. Our conference trailer below was made to celebrate our tenth year as a charity.
The Biomedical Research Fund (BRF) provides a means to fund biomedical research into ME and avoid the constraints or influence of policies which do not focus on researching ME properly. In addition education is a major part of biomedical research. Students need to attend conferences such as ours, healthcare professionals need to have the latest research presented to them regarding ME and researchers themselves need to meet, network and establish working relationships with each other. Researchers must also begin sharing data and working in co-operation.
Our aim is to build sustainable and developing collaborations with translational biomedical research at the heart of all research. The Invest in ME Research Biomedical Research Fund will be used for the following -
Assisting with equipment and other costs of researchers performing purely biomedical research into ME
Currently the focus of the BRF is toward the proposal for a UK examinations and research facility for ME. If you would like to help in raising funds please contact us.
To donate to the Invest in ME Research "Can Do" biomedical research fund please use the links above.
The MATRIX Another method to help with fundraising idea is take a slot in The MATRIX - our unique fundraising scheme to raise funds for biomedical research. For details of The MATRIX for fundraising - click here.
Copies of CCC Guidelines may be ordered by contacting Invest in ME Research at this email address - info@investinme.org
Copies of ICC Guidelines may be ordered by contacting Invest in ME Research at this email address - info@investinme.org
The views expressed on this web site by contributors and others do not necessarily represent those of Invest in ME Research.
The views expressed at the Invest in ME/Invest in ME Research International ME Conferences and at other Invest in ME/Invest in ME Research conferences and Colloquiums by the presenters and delegates to the Colloquiums/Conferences and any information material distributed are their own personal opinions that are not necessarily shared or endorsed by the Trustees of the charity.
Invest in ME/Invest in ME Research accept no responsibility for the views expressed or any subsequent action taken.
The contents of any presentation should not be deemed to be an endorsement, recommendation or approval of such content by Invest in ME/Invest in ME Research.
The materials presented at the Invest in ME/Invest in ME Research International ME Conferences or by contributors to this web site do not constitute medical advice.
Any person registering or attending the conferences or who use information from this web site and who may take any action or consider medical treatment or referrals should take detailed advice from their own medical practitioner always. Invest in ME/Invest in ME Research disclaims any implied guarantee about the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or relevance of any information contained in this website.
Send a cheque, made payable to Invest in ME Research , to the following address, indicating how many you would like -
Please help us in raising funds for biomedical research and for performing activities related to biomedical research.
By buying an Invest in ME Research wristband you will be helping IiMER in its work as well as promoting the message that biomedical research into ME is the only way to make real progress in finding treatments and cures for this illness - via our Centre of Excellence for ME.
Amazing Ebook, Les plaisirs de Saturnin ou l'enfert interdit By Cadelo This is very good and becomes the main topic to read, the readers are very takjup and always take inspiration from the contents of the book Les plaisirs de Saturnin ou l'enfert interdit, essay by Cadelo. Is now on our website and you can download it by register	what are you waiting for? Please read and make a refission for you
That's a good one - it doesn't really work in reverse does it. " I am atheistically religious" That just sounds dumb.
But I am not Italian! So you shouldn't expect me to say, "aaaaaa, I am aaaaaaaa religiously atheist!" :p
Anyway, I think I know what you mean. You probably meant it ought to be "I am a religious atheist"? Yes, that is one way. Or one could could leave religiously as is and say, "I am religiously atheistic".
We are proud to announce the upcoming publication of Rychard Denner's wonderful book of poems, Calendar of the Moon (2007) and Edward Coletti's Peace Planters (November 2006).
Comment Here on any of the above or below and read the comments of others too. Log in as "Other" if you like, but please be sure to sign some facsimile of your name. Or email me at edcoletti@sbcglobal.net.
Getting engaged is a special time of your life, one you will want to remember forever. Capture the moment and share it with your family and friends.
Below is Travis and Darian who will be getting married soon. They will be a blended family. Shown also is Travis' 5 year old son, Wyatt. What a great couple to work with. We all had fun and Wyatt even shot a few photos with the camera just for fun.
Source: wikipaintings.org This upcoming term's artist is Manet... imagine my delight when I found this! :) Oh. so. lovely.
While most of it's still in my head, some of it's on paper, I have shared a teeny-weeny bit over here...
I still hope to blog those reflections specific to our homeschooling year. What I've learned as a person and teacher-guide, as well as what we've learned and implemented in our school... I'll be posting that over at Fisher Academy. Hopefully, that will happen sometime tomorrow. We wrapped up term exams on Saturday, and I'm almost done with Term Planning today. It may yet be possible!
In mid February, we started our Lego series. This series was an awesome way to illustrate how we can connect with God and how He wants to use us. Several of our Kidz loved helping out with decorating for this one!
I know what your thinking...did you make those Lego heads??? LOL The answer is NO, we purchased those from amazon, the one on the left is a girl and the one on the right is a guy. We went to our local Badcock store and they always have cardboard that needs to be hauled to the dumpster. We used a big sheet of what we found out there to cover the window (we've talked about it in our other series decorations blogs.) In order to make the Lego 3D, we used white masking tape to place paper plates on to the cardboard to form pegs and then spray painted each color. We used a sheet and painters tape to make the Lego lines as straight as we could, but we still had to go back and touch them up after we placed our art. The giant green Lego under the wall Lego art is two almost 7ft cardboard boxes taped together to form one giant mega block. The pegs of that Lego are paper bowls. We wanted it to have a deeper extrusion than the wall one. We had some of our Kidz make the Lego in front of that block out of mega blocks. The brown and pink small Legos on the ground by the speakers are cardboard boxes with paper bowls taped with masking tape and spray painted.
We wanted to make sure our passer bys could see what series we were on so we created some more Legos that are made of cardboard expect they can with stand rain. All of these Legos are cardboard boxes (the red and blue are two of them stacked and taped on top of each other) with paper bowls taped to the top of them with masking tape and spray painted. We used a never wet spray purchased from Amazon to make sure these boxes could with stand the rain and they held up for a good four weeks. Any kind of questions you may have about this series let us know and we can help you in any way we can!
“Spalding has been working with Eurobase for many years now. They provide all of our customer services, after sales and warranty support for the European market. Their service is a business critical part of promoting Spalding as the No.1 basketball brand in the world. We consistently get hugely positive feedback from customers about their service which further strengthens our brand in the marketplace. I am delighted to have Eurobase as a partner.”
I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for all your help and assistance over the last number of years. I consider your efficiency and customer care to be exceptional. I wish you and all your colleagues the very best at Eurobase.
Our customers have expectations of quality when they purchase a Linguaphone language course. It was imperative that our logistics partner understood the need for quality service covering everything from processing the initial customer order to delivering the item on time. Eurobase showed they were big enough to cope yet small enough to care. They beat stiff competition from across the UK and deservedly so.
Eurobase has been a huge resource for Pico Interactive as we have scaled our business from a single SKU low volume business, to a multi-SKU business with daily orders. The team is responsive to ad hoc requests beyond always delivering excellent service for day-to-day fulfillment. Would highly recommend for any growth company looking for a high touch partner.
Eurobase is an e-fulfilment service business that enables ecommerce companies to deliver fast, cost effective and personalised order fulfilment to customers in Europe, while ensuring EU tax, VAT and regulatory compliance.
Our e-fulfilment service enables your e-commerce business to reduce logistics costs and delivery lead times through batch warehousing and distribution to your sales channel partners and customers. We integrate with your order processing systems, manage your European stock levels and provide localised customer support to deliver a seamless service to your customers.
We ship thousands of orders per week to consumers and businesses throughout the UK and Europe so if you’re looking for a strategic operational partner that will help you grow, fulfil orders, and build your brand – we should talk.
Since 2008 we have been working to fulfill our dream of truly beautiful textiles and ribbon design. Our combined experience in the business encompasses over 30 years of professionalism. We are very proud of what we have achieved and our ongoing goal is to provide the absolute best quality ribbon and design as well as bringing new and unique products for each season.
Typing the letters from the image into the contact form helps to prevent spam, because automated spam-sending systems have difficulty reading the letters from the image. If the letters are unclear, please use the image refresh button to see a different image.
Children of Men When infertility threatens mankind with extinction and the last child born has perished, a disillusioned bureaucrat (Clive Owen) becomes the unlikely champion in the fight for the survival of Earth's population; He must face down his own demons and protect the planet's last remaining hope from danger. Source: Wikipedia
HDMOVIESKING.COM does not accept responsibility for content hosted on third party websites and does not have any involvement in the downloading or, uploading of movies. We just post links available in internet.
Sorry things have been quiet around the blog as of late. Work and home life have been extra busy and post-production on BLOOD CREEK WOODSMAN continues, but I also started shooting a new horror feature this weekend called DRIFTER. The above teaser image was made using a photo from this weekend's shoot. Bob Olin plays a creepy drifter hiding out in a vacant house for sale...he's going mad with deadly consequences...but why? That's the twist...
I hate blog posts where someone says that they've been really busy and things have been going on but there is a big giant thing coming together but they can't talk about it because they don't have time. But this is one of those posts. Sorry. I'll try and catch up with some posts in a few weeks...
There... Already is a collective effort out of Houston, TX dedicated to advancing our never-ending struggle for dignity and respect.
We blog everything Houston, Texas, Politics, Health, Technology, Food, Environmental Issues, and Just Plain Foolishness.
As stated on the front page, everything expressed here is the personal opinion of the individual writers and those who comment, and do not reflect the views of our employers, churches, family members, friends, or anybody else. If you have an issue with anything, take it up with that individual in the comment section of their posts, or email them directly.
Everything expressed here is the personal opinion of the individual writers and those who comment, and do not reflect the views of our employers, churches, family members, friends, or anybody else.
If you have an issue with anything, take it up with that individual in the comment section of their posts, or email them directly. Now that we've got that out of the way, please proceed and enjoy.
“. . . the unity of effect or impression is a point of greatest importance. . . . without unity of impression, the deepest effects cannot be brought about.”—Edgar Alan Poe.*
Obviously you want to maintain tone in your writing to establish atmosphere. You don't write a somber scene in which your leading character's thoughts “scamper” through their head when they hear the “cheerful” ring of the telephone. You could make a case for cheerful because it juxtaposes with the mood of the scene, but only if it appeared without the other misstep. Scamper is the real offender here. There is something light and playful about the word that nudges the reader off course emotionally. Just think of how totally you would be thrown out of the scene if the character scampered over to the phone. The difference is a matter of degrees.
Your imagery should support the scene as well. However clever or accurate you may think a given simile, if it distracts from the intent of the scene, it probably has to go. But it's also a good idea for your images to support each other. This is to eliminate clutter.
Developing writers have a tendency to jump around with their imagery. He exhaled smoke like exhaust from a rusted Buick. It was the color of sour milk. The crowd moved like a school of fish. Things like that. Those images could well fit the atmosphere of the scene, but not one of them ties into the other. They're disjointed. The reader is jerked along from one to the next and doesn't know how they add up.
When you write concurrent images, it helps make a scene feel solid. As an example, I wrote a scene set in a jazz club that has an entrance like a cave. The music inside ripples, builds into a wave and comes crashing down on everyone. Later, a musician cups a hand like a great shell to his ear to catch what his bandmates are saying. A thread of water related imagery runs through the scene, cementing the sense of place. I stumbled on the idea because I happened to have named the club The Blue Room. You should look to your scene when possible to suggest a direction for your imagery. Use every part of the writing buffalo.
It's actually easier to work this way than a helter-skelter approach, because once you have your first image you've given yourself something to build on. Now you'll know whereabouts to reach for the next one instead of having to start from scratch each time.
TortoiseForum.org - Members are mystified when a baby cherry head begins to lose some of the vibrant color on her leg and head spots. Until one member finally figures it out.
TortoiseForum.org - Some nice shots of some beautiful hypo and normal redfoot tortoise babies with awesome cherry head markings.
TortoiseForum.org - See a couple of nice pictures of a very large and awesome looking cherry head redfoot tortoise.
YouTube - Kenan takes a closer look at the cherry head tortoises, explains how they differ from the typical redfoot, and gives some excellent husbandry advice for keeping these small,...
Consider that organizations with a powerful narrative (such the National Rifle Association) achieve their political goals more readily than those that don't.
There are some excellent insights about this in Professor Hahrie Han's book, How Organizations Develop Activists: Civic Associations and Leadership in the 21st Century (Oxford University Press)
It's obvious that narrative has the power to engage and inspire people to action, but for activists, storytelling goes far beyond that. Narrative is decisive in helping civic organizations find their path to power.
Han points out that the narratives ("interpretive frames") organizations tell themselves have a decisive role to play in the organization's structure and strategy:
“Framing is central to how leaders strategize because it identifies both challenging groups and adversaries and suggests potential allies. Framing specifies the unjust conditions that must be changed and the appropriate strategies and tactics to achieve the desired ends.”
Example: after weeks of organizing an event and pulling it off successfully, the narrative of how that was done and what was achieved shows "how we do things" and the way forward. Stories about past victories and defeats show "how we won (or lost.)"
Stories also help organizations identify how to allocate scarce time and resources. "100's of people came to our event" vs. "we wrote a killer analysis" are very different paths to power and require very different resources.
And: stories encourage sustainability. Individual experiences ("narratives") contribute to the collective identity of the organization, which is passed on from person to person.
So true. Relate to people and real-life incidents. A politician in an interview may finally click into action and say , "Why only the other day one of my constituents said to me...." Logically, of course, that is indeed just ONE voter, but the power of the tale will be inversely proportionate. The story may explain the issue in practical terms and offer a comprehensible explanation beyond all the "politico or tech speak". Such a simple strategy. Journalists beware of how it can be abused! Your politician may have been supplied this solitary tale by the PR, or he may have only spoken to one constituent in his entire research effort...or there may have been no research effort...
Eric May is an Emmy Award winning media consultant and internationally recognized expert in storytelling technique, visual language and expressing complex ideas clearly. For more ideas click www.ericmay.info
I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called İLK GÜN and is located at http://erikagacioyku.com/2016/05/27/ilk-gun/.
Log Workstation, the new innovator on the professional desktop market, introduces series of workstations designed for filmmakers, photographers, 3D graphic designers, VR creators, scientists and engineers.
Plain and ugly are the first 2 words that come to my mind. I mean, plain jane thunderbolt/usb ports with no customization at all and this in a system that they ask 3320 Euro (wherever that damn key is and I am not looking up the ascii) or $3871.49 at the exchange rate right now. Oh and if you go to http://www.logworkstation.com/log-r.html you can see even the back of the unit has no extended cover panel to make the connection more, how should I say, beautified (yea that works). There is the lovely silver plate for the motherboard connectors.....for almost 4grand!
Functionality, I don't know as I don't have one but it better just scream power, cooling and silence for the price they are asking.
Don't server/workstations usually have a backup power supply built in...Maybe I am dreaming since I thought the price was around FOUR THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Send one to Nate to review and then keep or give away and maybe my opinion will change. I really doubt it (95% sure it wont change) since it is a basic computer with a dull boring case and nothing extraordinary about it at all.
If it's the price bothering you, I think you should refer to Log Workstation’s website for its justification. And remember, it’s an European company, so slightly different prices there.
So a plain jane computer case with wood slapped on its sides to act as feet so the plain jane case can be turned on its back to expose the ports on top to even more dust and dirt
Oh it is a HUGE bother and there is no justification on the website at all for the price. I see Noctua coolers which run $60 for cpu and $22 for the regular ones while water cooling should be included for the cpu, gpu, ram and chipset. Which brings up the point of using a stock gpu cooler (I even picked the system to use gpu rendering), no mention of ram nor chipset cooling and the use of a stock Noctua cooler on an OLD GENERATION Xeon processor.
No, I absolutely think companies like this are worthless additions to society as a whole because it is a blind grab for money with a product that offers NOTHING for the absurd pricing. Sure some of it may be due to being overseas but there is nothing that screams $4000 computer any where in the galaxy!
Just wanted to clarify that E5-26xx v4 are the most up-to-date Intel Xeon desktop processors currently available on the market.
Also, there are no such things as memory nor chipset liquid cooling solutions broadly adopted in desktop workstations enviroment mainly because of maintenance-related issues and relatively low thermal output of the chips.
8 x Mr Olympia Ronnie Coleman talks arm training at the 2011 MD Legends Seminar. "Working forearms is a waste of time"
With all due Respect, taking advice from probably one of the most gifted bbers of all time is not ideal.
Ronnie colemans arm video was nice but what about triceps training. Will the all the athletes cover every body part i would love to see some triceps training and shoulder training videos. Im a really big fan of lee haney's and i hope he covers every bodypart on the seminar. Come on butch paterson help this true lee haney fan out will he do a video on shouder training ?
I'm sure most people realize that, well I hope they do LOL It's just cool to see the big man talk about it
I agree. Hopefully we get more. If you check out last month's MD issue with Arnold on the front there is a Lee Haney article where he lays out what his shoulder routine looks like.
Great advice right there, from 8 time Mr Olympia. It makes sense, the whole training the forearms is really unnecessary unless you feel your forearms are really lagging behind. And about the joints, it makes sense, pretty damn good advise
Damn just like yates when these guys go off the gear and cut back on the massive amounts of food they loose there old freaky size rather quickly, probably would look normal in street clothes like how yates looks in a t shirt and jeans.
I agree... If you want arms even remotely resembeling Ronnies you should be asking him about his drug reg, not his training.
"Unfortunately, while ketogenic diets do stimulate weight loss, a significant percentage of that bodyweight lost is muscle mass. This is because ketogenic diets inhibit the muscle-sparing activity of mTOR, causing an increased use of muscle protein for energy— resulting in a loss of muscle."
Most of the time, especially in this audience, the people trying a keto diet are juiced up and going into a show. That fact alone is going to sway this whole article.
Now toss in the vague idea of "Ketogenic" in itself. If we are talking the 80% fat and 20% protein then maybe some of this holds water, but we all know this again will NOT apply to the audience in question. During an off season with plenty of calories from carbs and fats you can get away with about 1g of pro per pound of bodyweight. I doubt many here stick to that come contest time (when you'd run a keto diet). They are more likely going to be consuming 1.5-2.0g of protein per pound. This would bring the fat content down dramatically. Again, shifting the whole idea of this article.
Now of course some will argue that with protein that high you won't be in keto as your body will convert some of that for energy. I disagree and think once again the audience needs to be kept in mind. They are not sedentary people sitting at a desk all day. They have more muscle than the average, they crush weights several times a week and I am sure hit plenty of cardio (especially since we are talking show prep, why else would we be talking keto)?
I always hate these articles that hint or even directly say that keto is not good for building muscle. Who said it was? It is pretty damn good at holding onto muscle while dropping some pounds though. And isn't that why people use it anyway? (again, in this audience).
Bodybuilders who have not tried a ketogenic diet are missing out. If you're on steroids, dieting for a contest, not trying to grow into a show just get shredded...this diet is ideal. When I run 75%,20%5% I get shredded so fast it's nuts. I'm doing it right now, my changes are daily.
Same. Also have some grass fed butter, eggs, steak chia seeds and nut butters. Be careful with almond butter and cashew nut butter as they can be addictive. I can get through a kilo in a week or two
Here is an interesting study done on the long term effects and safety of a keto diet, this is the first one I've seen that is long term:
I've run keto in the past and feel that it has MANY benefits. It COULD fall short in a couple areas for SOME bodybuilders but generally speaking, I think it is a very underrated way to diet. Not running keto at the moment but since my injury I cut carbs WAY down and pretty much removed grain entirely. I do get a good bit of carbs from papaya and pineapple as I feel their high enzyme content is worthwhile at the moment and I do have an occasional piece or two of whole grain rye bread as a treat along with the bone marrow that I've been eating every few days. I have to say that I, injury aside, I feel better than I did before. Looking forward, I think that going a paleo type route may be best for me. It does not forbid me from including carbs in my diet but grain is out and that forces me to rely more on proteins and fats for my calories. Just thinking.
Once my carbs ran super low (e.g.- 80gm daily) and my body got used to using fats for energy my energy levels went nuts. Found it pretty easy to get shredded too. But, for larger guys who compete I can imagine it's not as simple as the way I used to do it.
From a purely health perspective, low carb diets are clearly better for most people. I am reading a book called "Eat Fat get thin" now by Dr Mark Hyman. Not sure if you've heard of it? Clearly it's not aimed at bodybuilders but I feel most of us would benefit from eating a high amount of healthy fats. There is a lot of evidence to show that it's the refined carbs/sugars that are causing long term health issues. I eat hardly any gluten, so just need to stop the sugar binges now!
I'm not dieting for a show or anything, just to reduce overall body fat...so I was wondering, on a non contest prep keto diet, how mindful should one be concerning their sodium intake? I'm not too concerned about retaining water right now, it's still too cold to walk around with the shirt off. Regardless, is there any benefits to reduces sodium whilst on this particular diet? Thanks again guys. We all greatly appreciate you guys bringing this thread back and helping us out.
My question is while on a Keto diet, would you take 10g BCAAs + 5g leucine + 3-5g creatine PWO? Then have your next meal when it rolls around?
You are consuming protein with this post workout. Your bcaa and eaa are in the protein. You do not need to add aminos in/with protein powder. In a bulk phase, his shake that contains BCAA is with Waxy Maize or Vitargo which is a shuttling agent...then Isolate later.
All active people, especially athletes, need at least 3 x the amount of sodium the FDA recommends. On a keto diet, you need even more.
Keeping sodium low will cause you to feel like shit, cause you to be flat as a board, will cause you to feel weak and tired, and will cause you to be very sodium sensitive when you do eat a meal with alot of sodium.
Keep your sodium high through the entire diet, wether you're doin a show or not, unless you have genetic uncontrolled high blood pressure.
I don't have personal experience with Glycerol, but the studies I have read on it seem to show that glycerol can enhance athletic performance and cause “hyperhydration” when consumed with water (above and beyond that with water alone). It seems to help keep the body cooler during exercise.
Take it from me. I followed the training recommendations from my gym and although my trainer worked my butt off doing polymetrics I did loose fat weight rapidly, but I also lost a ton of muscle because I was performing 4 x HIT 20 min sessions weekly while on a low carb diet. Of course I received the "You cannot lose fat without losing muscle" bit from my trainer.
I am considering its effects on/with the 'pump' and having more nutrient rich blood in the muscles...
no, its complete garbage. way too high in omega 6s, which we already get plenty of, go for EVOO or mac nut oil
That site has 10lbs of NOW whey isolate, for 70$. Is that protein as good of quality as TP's protein?
I’m going out from Palumbo diet to mass gain phase, I would like to use Palumbo macros for this phase. I’ve been looking up some guidelines: a good start point would be: 1.5p 0.5f 1.0c and I saw l you recommend spread over 3 meals: Meal 1, PWO and PWO 2.
Well, months ago I saw more mixed approach from palumbo yielding 50 25 25 ratio, so more or lees for my 176 pounds it would be 1.75p 0.4f 0.85c and I would adjust from here, and spread carbs over 6 or 7 meals. Do you agree with mixed approach yet? If so, on training days, how many carbs do you estimate for PWO, and how much for each meal?
all that is optimal is 3 carb meals. stick with the 1.5P/.5F/1C allotment. even better, do .25P/.085F every 2.5-3hr, then 1g carb split among 3 carb meals. also keep in mind these numbers are for LBM
not currently taking any fatburners or caffeine. maybe a cup of coffee a day...maybe. i would say fat loss has been around 5-8 lbs in 5 weeks. perfect on the diet too.
I don't have a training "split" because I don't body build. Check my sig for my blog to see that info, hence why it says "my training blog."
Northwoods Shelby Club has added a second Road America event (April 29 & 30) - MustangWorks.com : Ford Forums
UPDATE: I got it fixed, I touched up the solder job on the two SRAM chips and the bus pins on the PPU1 chip and it started working right. I guess I'm not using quite enough heat when re-soldering the chips on the board, touching them up a 2nd time a little slower seems to make it look better and clearly I had atleast 2 bad solder joins/bridges, but I'm still learning =). Now onto the next system which I'm guessing PPU2 since it has sprite data missing and it seems like different modes/screens makes it crash.
Working with the older style SNES boards and trying to learn some new things by repairing old consoles. Anyway the board I'm a little confused on is a SHVC-CPU-01 (with the dedicated audio processor board).
EDIT: I found a tiny solder bridge I overlooked on pins 9 & 10 of the cpu, so below isn't really related now. Currently getting vertical lines in the foreground (covers sprites and background). Super Mario World plays fine, no crashes, just the graphical issue now. I'm thinking PPU1 or one of the SRAM chips I installed was bad.
Here's a photo of it's current state. (The big bars cover everything and are solid, behind it it seems to function somewhat normal. Sprites seem to look correct so I think that rules out PPU2.
When I first got it, it ran fine but had jumbled up graphics, based on DogP's repair logs (http://projectvb.com/nss/logs.htm) it looked like PPU1 failed except I got static like lines as well. Long story short I swapped PPU1, PPU2 both with no change, then after replacing U4 SRAM chip the static lines went away. I figured it was a bad cpu by this point, but don't know any bad boards with a known good cpu so I swapped the cpu from a board that booted to just a black screen to see the effect. I figured if I got a black screen, good sign that cpu was junk and could try another (have 3 other systems with black screen issue, not cart connector etc). Anyway, after swapping out the cpu now I get nothing at all.
I checked the reset pin on the cpu, and it's under 4.3v (0.7v if I remember right) so I figured I'd follow the reset signal from the CIC chip on wards. At the CIC chip pin 10, reset is 4.96v, same as the other black screen consoles which tells me the CIC is communicating with the game fine. Checked pin 34 on PPU2 which is reset in from cic and same voltage. Output from PPU2 (pin 33) to PPU1 reset signal is nothing. Does this suggest the PPU2 chip I transferred is dead? I didn't do any of these tests before swapping chips and I'm a little bit new on soldering the larger SMD chips, but I don't see any solder bridges. Chips were removed with a hot air rework station.
I'm fairly limited on diag equipment which is why I jumped to the guess and check method first. Also should mention, the board I pulled the chips from had pop or something spilled in it and had a fair bit of corrosion so figured it would be the best board to use for parts.
Any advice what to check, or should I just swap the orig PPU2 chip back on the board since it seems like swapping the chip had no effect? Also I reflowed the CPU legs before swapping, and it made the system boot to the nintendo screen with jumbled graphics and then crash, so pretty sure the first cpu is bad, and the U2 SRAM was bad.
I have the pinouts for each of the major chips which is what I've been using to see if a given chip is active or not.
I'm looking to have a custom set of (6) fuel lines made and am having a devil of a time finding the end fittings.
On the 930 hard fuel lines that extend from the fuel head to the injectors both ends are identical. The ferruled line and matching coupler apparently are an off size as no one I have spoken to can ID them.
A google search didn't help and I would rather not chop up a set of good hard lines to use as donors..
Hi Peter, it was from a superbly designed box that can't help but measure straight traces when tuned, even by a hack like me !!!
I think I mentioned on the other forum that I just converted my 2 boxes to 90 degree duty, and am building some new 60's.)
Anyway, the graph represents the first and only time I tried tuning the DIY90 with FIR. Sounds very close to the 60 degree now.
Kind words Don, thx! But I think I'm the one who still owes you the steak dinner for all the help you've given
I figure since I have Vir, may as well use him to dig. He eventually snagged the Battle Suits I was looking for. I could just as easily brought out Huntress and continued to stall but I figure this will be more worthwhile when my Knights come online. Besides I’m sure there’s some arrest/mirrored truth nonsense that I’m better off not leaving myself open to immediately. I considered time spiral but I think I’m better off keeping the gold and continuing my quick cycle.
I dug as much as I could but missed my Lich’s Bargains. Hopefully the resist on KotC will be enough to save him but I doubt it. Let’s think about his costs for a sec actually. Arrest+Porkhand+Bigby sideline is 3. Presumably 1 of those targets my KotC, so that makes 5. Which gives him just enough left to midband Quince and mirror my Knight. He wouldn’t be able to add to his board but he hardly needs to. With that he can kill my patrollers with Hound and Flagbearer then either kill Garth or my Tech 1 (but not both). If he lacks arrest, manufactured truth or macciatus would let him still trade for my knight. And then there’s Injunction. I’m trying to imagine what kind of hand he’d have that doesn’t end it here but I’m having trouble seeing it. And I STILL haven’t gotten my tech 2 up.
That was somewhat less bad than expected. Porkhand and Bigby can take out 2, aven kills the remaining. Leaves him quince and macciatus to hit my tech so not quite enough to finish it, and I’d have huntress to hit back with. Arrest, Mind Control, or Injunction ruin me. I realized too late how good xenostalker could be against truth and I think I’m just about at my last chance to get it in play. That and lich’s bargain together MIGHT let me claw back into this but I’m still doubtful.
Injunction doesn’t cause base damage, no. Also, Retteller is an illusion so she’s actually a 4/4 now.
His board just keeps getting bigger but I guess mine does as well. And he’s got a tiny hand size with little to spend it all on. I considered conceding but I actually have a line here so let’s see. I’ll probably concede if he breaks my tech 1 again though.
I couldn’t find the rules concerning the interaction between Reteller and Judgement day. I figured that despite the wholesale destruction invoked by the card, her ability would still go off. Then, if there were more than 2 Illusions that could possibly go to my hand, since it’s my turn, I would get to pick which two ended up there. If I’m wrong on these points let me know. If I’ve got the rules wrong, I may redo my turn…
Great point. I missed that. It would have taken on the Haste attribute as well. First time going with an Illusion scheme for me. It seemed strong, but I can see it falling apart against a Codex with a lot of cheap targetable abilities.
You were able to get some things off earlier in the game that the Newsman was in a position to stop. Namely Battle Suits and a Lich spell. I just didn’t pull the trigger on it when I should have. I had just Teched Free Speech, which I’m guessing is an extension of the Newsman. You’ve done too much damage over the last few games with Lich’s Bargain for me not to be focusing on it. Plus, half of the spells in your Codex are 2s. I liked Mono Blue but I don’t know how it would hold up to Mono-Red or Mono-Black. Feel like another match? I’ll do Blue again, but wait to start until I hear from you in case you need a break.
Honestly it was probably bad for me that I got Battle Suits in play. Convinced me that I could get value out of KotC when in reality they need more rune removal (usually via a seer from Past) to be effective than I could get from just the purple starter. I was kind of floundering that whole match TBH. I expected that you’d go for Peace and didn’t even really think about Truth until it was well out of hand. I did eventually realize that Xenostalker would have done wonders but by that time I had been heading the wrong direction for too long haha.
Oh regarding mono-blue: I’ve played it quite a bit in person, at least until my friends stopped letting me lol. It’s not necessarily all that great but IF it gets going it can be really frustrating to play against (and it usually got going because I’ve played more than the people I rope into it). Truth is more solid at tech 2 than people give it credit for. I think you’re MEANT to use Eyes of the Chancellor to make Macciatus invisible, while Reteller keeps your hand full of cheap, efficient bodies. Then you just overpower with tigers or stall until gryphons. All very functional, and with spectral flagbearer not too easy to punish except by like Fire and Disease. It just gets ignored in comparison to the brokenness of Peace. Law is such an odd spec: the units (except for Insurance Agent, which is really good at its job) are pretty much garbage, and Bigby’s spells, while inarguably powerful, are a little on the niche/expensive side to regularly tech. When you get a good Injunction or Community Service off though, damn it can really swing a game.
[Strength]/Past/Balance for you and I’ll go Mono-Green. I’ve been wanting to try to get over my dislike of Green. I only feel that way because I am roundly beaten by it on a consistent basis. Played a game a night or two ago and took Blue, trying to build on my momentum. Green kicked my butt. Although, playing in person is so much different than PBF. The immediacy, at least in my case, can lead to sub-optimal choices.
I think my favorite would have to be "Star Stone"... You know, the music played at the end of "The Question Song"? I separated the two when I put it on my computer, so that I didn't have to listen to a creepy one to listen to the good stuff.
I like the ones I can sing along to, not sure what it's called cuz my CD case is in another state, but I think the one I like the most is the one that goes
I think my favorite would have to be "Star Stone"... You know, the music played at the end of "The Question Song"?
I totally agree with you... I could listen to and have that part over and over and over.. That one and Nunsuch (sp?) have got to be my favorite songs followed next by Lessa's Ride... I just love the way the music weaves a spell around you...
I like them all, but for absolute favorites, it would have to be the "Question Song/StarStone" imediately followed by "Lessa's Ride"
I like Robinton's first whistle tune #1 and #14 i think the one with the pruction and gitar added ??
Well... not a poll per se... I mean just a general asking of questions... I'll make myself clearer from now on.
I must admit that I do not own it nor have I seen it anywhere to purchase. I would love to obtain a copy. Please, LMK where to go.
Tania Opland and Mike Freeman's webpage here you can order it from there, or you could try ebay, though I just did a quick check and there's none there right now.
I haven't heard the entire CD, but my favorites that I've heard are Lessa's Ride and Robinton's Whistle Tune II
I havent' heard the music itself but if I could pick my favorite written lyrics it'd have to be 'Lessa's Ride'. I know that one off by heart! Oh and I love the Golden Egg of Faranth. Does anyone know where I could get the CD?
Tania Opland and Mike Freeman's webpage ---> here <--- you can order it from there, or you could try ebay, though I just did a quick check and there's none there right now.
Mind you, I like the whole CD, but these and Lessa's Ride are the ones I listen to the most, followed by the little snatches...I think it's The Golden Egg of Faranth, I set them up on one of my programs so that they play as the one song rather than four or so seperate verses
I'm having a memory lapse here, could someone please post the lyrics to "Lessa's Ride"? I can't think of which song that is.
When I first got the CD, I didn't really think much of it, but when I went to visit Miriam aka Alettath aka Bright Wing one day, and got stranded at her place, we listened to it over and over and all of a sudden I liked it! LOL go figure!
Bought it when it first came out, played (most) of it once and it's been gathering dust on a shelf ever since.
I really liked your fanfiction of Dragonsong Brenda. Menolly is definitly better. Much better than ol' Jaxom. Mabey thats because I think Jaxoms' a terd. But yes it was really good. I really enjoyed it.
I also like "Robinton's Dream" for the flutes in it. I play the flute, so am partial to their cool sound.
I like "Nonsuch" because I can always visualize harpers and dragonriders dancing and playing it- talk about a fun song!
For me, some of the instrumental music rather than the actual songs: Robinton's 1st and 2nd Whistle Tunes, followed by The Masterharper's Ball, then the March of the Wings.
Both versions of Robinton's Whistle Tunings, "Plains of Telgar", "March of the Wings", and "Red Star Passes"
We do all know that Nonsuch is a real-life mediaeval tune, yes? Not to take away one iota of Tania's brilliance in playing it, but I love it too because I've heard it so many times at Ren Fairs and SCA events through the years.
I think the Question Song is my favorite - Tania seems to have captured entirely the creepy, memorable feeling of the song. What a fabulous CD it is, and what an astounding way to bring Anne's verses to life! Mike and Tania are so darn talented - you could hate 'em if they weren't so bloody nice!
I like that CD, but I prefer their other one that I have titled Cut to Rhythms. I had heard they were doing a second Pern related CD. I wonder if they have done any other non-Pern ones?
Yeah. I read that in the little booklet thing that came with the CD. The tune has that really classy feel to it, too.
I wrote my version of the Question Song before I ever heard the MHoP CD. I also started getting tunes in my head for other songs, and a few of them I had to write extra verses for! I will say I am most proud of the tune for the Fire Lizard Song, and the additional verses to "Harper, Tell."
Certainly not, they are wonderful and could do with a ltitle more exposure Every time I watch those short movies of yours I'm expecting applause at the end of one and then I just hear that disappointing dry click Really!
Wow Brenda, those songs are really awesome. You have a wonderful voice :-) I had actually seen those videos on YouTube before, but I had no idea that was you! Also being a fAN of tie-die, I really like the colorful shirt you're wearing!
Thanks! (I didn't make the shirt myself, although I'd like to do one someday; I got it at a booth at a farmers market in Vermont!)
Jeff irons definitely had musical issues in the group. For sure. Jeremy irons was pretty solid though.
Well Mike has had a lot of sloppy moments but he's also had great moments. I'll go find some bad Stone moments later today. There's no doubt though that all three guitar players in PJ (including Eddie) are sloppy as hell. Jeff and Matt are solid, Matt just isn't interesting and ruins the tempos and feels, but he PLAYS well, mechanically. Dave A was the best, and Jeff Irons IMO dragged some of their songs.
Also for sloppy Stone playing look up almost any Black intro. That was my favorite PJ song and when I first started listening to boots I was SO disappointed.
I'm kinda with you here. When the opening of a song is sloppy or too fast or otherwise off, I notice it right away because I am so conditioned to hearing it the studio way. The opening to Black tends to lack feeling nowadays, like a paint-by-numbers performance, and that is on Stone.
First time i saw PJ Ed was saying something like ..¨you guys are awesome..¨and Stone said to the crowd ¨he is full of shit¨.
Well, I figured, that since you're the expert I'd also open up a thread to show where and how to make a cheep PC...
if you can build me a good PC with like 4-6g's of ram, and 250+ Hard Drive. that's under $400, that'd be awesome.
Is what I found. if you can make that or tell me what i need to make that great for gaming. That'd be cool / if you know if Cyberpower is safe.
i think thats everything, tell me if i missed anything, its not the best in the world but its under $400 XD, the price without shipping and everything is $319.94
oops forgot the processor, thats kinda important, the new price is 371.93 without shipping and all of that
Is that a good build XD, first time helping someone like this =P, tell me if i missed anything please
Not that I know of, There probably is but I usually trust my friends to build my computers, any chance you know a game that I should follow for good requirements.
I would also bench mark it by using a free version of http://www.futuremark.com/benchmarks.../introduction/
Computer Shows are the best place to get the best deals. I would always check your tech before you leave though because some vendors have not actual store.
Recently I spent under $100 and left with over $800 of stuff had I bought it online or standard retail
Upgrade to ProSupport and enjoy 24x7 phone access to advanced-level technicians. Click here to Upgrade to ProSupport!
I know you can make it so a wesnoth.message looks like it's sent by a player in-game, but would it be possible to change the colour to something else than white, too? Either through lua or wesnoth (I'm not very good at lua, so I don't know)
I looked relevant source code, and this can only be possible by defining new color(after 9) and using that as side. Though not sure if you can specify side who is saying that even.
Thanks. That's what I'm after, showing a chat message with a certain side colour, but it doesn't seem to be possible? I guess the Pango markup formatting codes you can use for [message] tags etc wouldn't work, since this is lua text?
Pango formatting almost certainly won't work, but it has nothing to do with Lua. In-game chat is one of the few places still using the old text rendering engine, which doesn't know anything about Pango. I suppose there's a chance that the old-style formatting codes could work, but I wouldn't count on it,
I think what Ravana meant is that you could create a hidden side, assign it the colour you want, and instruct the message() call to pretend the message came from that side. I'm not sure if that actually works though.
About old-style formatting codes, it was something used in older versions of the game, before Pango formatting was a thing. It involved putting certain special characters at the start of your string. I don't recall what characters were used though, and the chances it'll actually still work even in chat in 1.13 are pretty slim (it definitely wouldn't work anywhere else).
Oh, you haven't? Well, I, obviously, did so I know there is no such parameter to supply it with. Oh well. Ravana said the mod this would be for passes the Turing test anyhow, so I suppose it's not that bad.
Hello, I have recently ran into an issue with Arizona 7 in the Alpha Team campaign. Somehow, one of the enemy transports (I think the 3rd one) ended up in a state where it won't fly out of the map like I think it should, leaving it in a bugged state where it keeps loitering around the objective area and attacking my units. The transport also seems to be invulnerable, as even though my units managed to drop its health down, it never blows up. I probably should've saved right at the start of the mission, but I didn't, meaning that I'm stuck in the campaign unless I restart.
Edit: I forgot to mention that this was on 3.2.2. Also, I have restarted the campaign and I haven't ran into the same issue on my second playthrough.
I have the weather scripts done which was simple as ever. Oddly, the music was set from these scripts so I moved that to both rules.js files. Each of the three files use a setCampaignNumber(num) though I have not checked if it is useful anymore.
Because skirmish does not include the fog/weather scripts, the music has likely been incorrectly using the frontend music for some time now. Also implies weather particles do not show up for urban and rocky maps.
Lightning, similar to the LasSat weapon, could strike random parts of urban maps and causes an EMP effect within the affected area by using fireWeaponAtLoc().
My fog patch had the problem of me cannot into opengl. So i made it work with trial and error, but i've no idea if it's like anyhow correct (: The scripting part was fine though, i guess.
Here is a patch for the weather (campaign only right now). Like what I did with the tech levels, I could include it along with rule.js if that is preferred. There is one problem where savegames are not loading because it says scriptstate.es is corrupted... not sure what is up with that.
Added setCampaignNumber(num) as it does have a couple of uses and I also saw no difference with the absence of the fog stuff with this patch.
Berserk Cyborg wrote: Here is a patch for the weather (campaign only right now). Like what I did with the tech levels, I could include it along with rule.js if that is preferred. There is one problem where savegames are not loading because it says scriptstate.es is corrupted... not sure what is up with that.
I should say that the patch creates broken saves. Claims no script contexts were found with scriptState.es and then goes back to the main menu. Or maybe that file is now obsoleted without any wzscripts around?
Berserk Cyborg wrote: I should say that the patch creates broken saves. Claims no script contexts were found with scriptState.es and then goes back to the main menu. Or maybe that file is now obsoleted without any wzscripts around?
Ah, it does not expect that there is no wzscript context to be created from the savegame anymore. Fixed in f0930756a32ef8310818abcb022609c8f582621c. Your patch seems to work now.
Pushed b016f609d704ce4df022e3a89f4f70f6eaabbee7. I enabled weather for multiplay; Hopefully that does not cause problems. As for old saves, we can just delete the scriptState.es file and they will load.
I guess the data/base/script/data and data/base/script/text directories are useless now and can be deleted.
I pushed deletes for all remaining base wzscripts except basic.slo, where I just removed the stuff I am certain is no longer used.
I read the admin guide for disaster recovery using NG Backup. As I understand, the main step is use export backup on old server and then do external restore (import backup) on new server. My question is how can I recover messages which sent/recieved between the last backup and the time which old server's crashed. For example:
- I start Zimbra, turn off realtime scanner. Chang backup path to rsynced folder (I call it /remotebackup/)
- Do import backup from rsynced external backup from main server => it’s ok. I get the exact system state as it’s at T1 time.
=> Now I want to “restore” the email which was sent at T2 time (duration between export backup (T1) and disaster point (T4)) INTO account1. Could you instruct me?
- “restore on new account” => I can get email at T2 time but on “restored_account1” mailbox (and we need one more mailbox license for this restored_account, don’t we?)
China's top player took out Elina Svitolina and Garbine Muguruza, all on Saturday. The Spaniard defeated Luksika Kumkhum to complete the 30th win of the season.
The ex-Wimbledon and French Open champion still has two more tournaments to play this season, which she said she was happy with despite her Grand Slam highlight being a semi-final finish at Roland Garros. "Yesterday she was playing really great tennis - I was missing a lot, my game was really off".
In the match against Qiang Svitolina has not filed a single ACE, and made 1 double fault, sold 2 out of 4 break points and won only 47% of the balls on the first pass. Earlier this fall she won the Nanchang and Guangzhou trophies.
Zhang, who has won two career WTA singles titles and was knocked out of Beijng by Japan's Naomi Osaka at the quarter finals, will be favourite to win against 18-year-old Yastremska, now ranked 102. The Chinese played with objective and precision from start to finish to overwhelm No. 7 seed Daria Gavrilova 6-1 6-3, to move safely through to her first semifinal here in Hong Kong.
"But if before the match you think it s going to be really hard you up your focus, and when you go on court you stay more dedicated to each point, that s what helped me to stay that calm during the whole match". "Daria played very well, but I was able to focus on each point at a time, and gave a good performance to get the win", said Zhang.
"The last game, I don't even remember", said Yastremska. It's just a process of keep getting into those moments, get it my way.
Svitolina, one of five players chasing the last three spots at the BNP Paribas WTA Finals Singapore, hadn't dropped a set in two matches heading into the quarterfinal. Wang was serving for the match at 5-2 in the second set when the heavens opened Friday evening.
The victory, in which she posted 33 winners to 21 unforced errors, will move the 102nd-ranked Yastremska to a new career high ranking in the top 80 when the next rankings are released on Monday. "I wasn't able to bring my A game today".
In what was a totally one-sided first-half, Sterling scored his second on the night as England went into the break 3-0 up. It was Spain's first loss at home in a competitive game in 15 years, and a huge statement from Southgate's men.
CNN has reported that this year, more than half of all USA states have had confirmed or possible cases, including North and SC . Despite symptoms reminiscent of polio , no AFM cases have tested positive for that virus, according to the CDC.
Since March 1, the ICRC has repeatedly made representations to the government of Nigeria about the abducted healthcare workers, at different levels.
Trump said on Tuesday his second summit with Kim would be held after the elections slated for November 6. Secretary of state held talks with Kim Jong-UN about the Singapore agreements on nuclear disarmament.
Sources told ESPN's Jeremy Fowler earlier this month that Bell meant to report to the Steelers during the Week 7-8 time frame. Bottom line: Bell is looking out for himself. "I still do want to go out there and win a Super Bowl with the Steelers".
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, hurriedly sent to Riyadh, expected to get more clarity during talks with Saudi leaders Tuesday. Freeland said she's been in contact with her G7 and North Atlantic Treaty Organisation counterparts, including U.S.
Accessories like rolling papers, pipes and bongs may also be sold there. "That's not even paying someone's salary". Some health care professionals in Canada have said they are afraid of the consequences of legalizing marijuana.
While California didn't sell the Mega Millions jackpot, Lotto officials tweeted that a 5 of 6 victor was sold in San Francisco. Six little numbered balls were drawn in the Mega Millions on Tuesday night, with a record jackpot of $667 million at stake.
Sergei Aksyonov, Moscow's senior official in Crimea , said 18 people were killed and dozens more were injured. Russian Federation annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014, prompting global condemnation and Western sanctions.
The Saudi stock market dropped by 7% on Sunday after Trump threatened of "severe punishment" which spooked investors. According to Turkish investigators, a 15-member team "came from Saudi Arabia" to murder the dissident.
All images remain property of their original owners. If you found any image copyrighted to yours, Please contact us, so we can remove it or mention its authors name.
My gaming life began the same way as many children of the 80s, with Pong, and later with Nintendo. (Super Mario Bros. 3 is my favorite game of all time.) Due to my extreme early geekdom (see my computer biography), I also got into PC gaming at an early age. Like most children of the 80s, it was all about Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego.
With the age of CD-ROMs of course the first game I got was Myst. I enjoyed the 90s immensely for the popularity of simulation games, both of the SimCity variety and the Janes combat sims and others. It's really too bad that genre has pretty much died off or been dumbed down for casual gamers.
My gaming life took a turn when I became a Mac user, as obviously Mac gaming sucks. Nowadays that's not a problem at all as Intel Macs run Windows quite well, but back then it was a big setback, and for several years I focused my gaming much more on consoles (primarily the PS2) because I didn't have a computer capable of running the latest games.
It was during this time that I first got broadband, and wanted to play an MMO. The only one for Mac that appealed to me was WWII Online (now called Battleground Europe), which I have been subscribed to continuously since 2003, and continued to play on Windows, on my Mac. My gamename is Dover, and I play for the Axis, but I haven't been playing much at all since around 2009.
In 2004, back before Intel Macs, I spent a good deal of time working on Broadway. In early 2005 I decided to blow all the money on building a gaming PC. It was a lot of fun to return to my roots of tinkering with PCs, though I would never want to use it for actual work.
In 2008 I upgraded the CPU / mobo / RAM / video card, and the current specs are in the computer biography. Here's a picture:
Nowadays I don't use it very much, since it's still running 2008 hardware and Windows XP (which I'm still not convinced is a bad thing, since it can run more older games than my laptop, which runs Windows 7 64-bit. Honestly, though, I just don't see why as a primarily Mac user, I should own two legitimate copies of Windows 7, so I refuse to upgrade it. As a result, my gaming options are limited as far as modern games. Also, I think game developers have become evil and I refuse to invest heavily in games that I don't permanently own, so I feel little incentive to upgrade.
Apple's switch to Intel has solved a lot of the problems I've faced as a gamer and a stage manager. My job has me on the road more than I'm home, so even though I have a PC for gaming, most of the time I have to rely on a laptop. Laptops are kind of the great equalizer since they remove the one thing that makes PCs better than Macs for gaming -- the ability to choose one's own hardware piece by piece. For a laptop, the Macbook Pro does a good job for Windows gaming, and while gaming on a laptop in general is not much fun, it allows me to have everything I need in one package on the road.
I haven't purchased a console since the Xbox. It's not that I don't like console gaming, I actually like it a lot for certain types of gaming. It's just that since I spend so little time at home, it ends up being a waste of money. I really did plan to buy a PS3 when GTA IV came out, but when the time came I was broke, so the $800 just to play one game was not going to happen. I actually lost the $5 preorder I had on the game for a year before its release. With an unclear winner in the current-gen console wars (and my natural preference for the Playstation over the Xbox format), I just have no interest in any of it right now.
When I wrote out a list of tips for a presentation I was working on, I realized I had 26 tips! So I call them my “alphabet tips.”
These tips are from a marketer’s point of view who are also helping company leaders be more active online:
a) Include first and last names whenever possible. People like to see their names in lights, and they also like to see the names of people they know.
b) When using dates, use the day of the week as well as the calendar date. People know their weekly schedule better than numbers.
c) Use statistics and other research “hooks” to get people’s interest. Staying objective can build credibility first.
d) Write your post and then delete the first line. Does it still make sense? Usually you can avoid words that are overused this way.
e) Write your post and eliminate all the words you possibly can to make it more concise. (Active voice will make your writing more concise and to the point.)
f) For your LinkedIn job title/headline, use your industry or speciality first, not generic words like job titles, such as Manager or Partner. When you comment, what you do will be more visible.
g) Although pictures and links enhance a post and are recommended – changes to LinkedIn’s algorithm means that personal, text-only LinkedIn posts get more views lately. Try a text-based update with one or two hashtags. Then add a comment with any links required. (as of Oct 2018)
h) The brand tone of voice is usually more formal in tone – how can you personalize it? Can you “raise up” other people and industry events to mention their names?
i) Personalize tone by avoiding third-person. When posting as a brand, use second-person to speak directly to an audience. For example, YOU want to explore mobile technologies vs. COMPANY NAME can help you explore mobile technologies.
j) When you can, use phrases like “your customized plan, your personalized plan”, etc. People want to have options, “choose their own adventure” and customize what they purchase.
k) To get people logging on to the platform, encourage them to use mobile. Block off their calendar to log in and share a few posts or make a few comments.
l) Mention others, share posts yourself and make comments. Be bold and “tag” people for a response – get their permission ahead of time if needed.
m) Take time to get to know people internally – go out for coffee – find out their favourite charity or what they like to read about. This is all future social media content.
n) Use internal company tools, or tools like Feedly and Google Alerts to stay in the know while you are on the go (and use them to create posts).
o) Ask people to share in the post itself – people will take action when they know about the next step.
p) Become a student of “calls to action.” There are many phrases you can write instead of the usual “click here” or “submit.”
r) Pre-plan and outline the content (and get approval) before drafting. Know in advance what themes and topics are desired. Kick-off meetings can reveal content ideas that you didn’t even know you could use!
s) Let other team members know when you post so they can share it on their own channels and amplify your message.
u) Ask the leader you are working with about their “future mandate” and who they want to look at their profile. What are the people in their network talking about?
w) Schedule posts on weekends. Decision-makers are not typically at their desks on social channels, 9-5. Plus, these posts may get more traction at odd times.
x) Create a list of other thought leaders and c-suite leaders in non-competing industries/companies to comment on and share.
y) For newsletter articles or longer posts, start with writing about the benefits to the reader, never the product or features.
z) Track marketing efforts in reverse. Start at 0. How many online interactions did you have with your offline network that week? Give yourself a point for every interaction. How many points did you get this month compared to last? Doing this will help increase your participation, reinforce your relationships overall, and ultimately give you confidence to share, cross-sell/up-sell/grow referrals one conversation at a time.
HeadStart has been a lifesaver in several occasions. Especially, when we can’t afford adding content staff resources to our budget. In any case, why would we? Trying to emulate HeadStart’s copywriting quality would be, in my opinion, highly improbable. Global Payments
HeadStart is an extension of your team to help you finish your content projects. Read about our approach and let's get started. Call 1.647.479.9783 or contact us.
An independent discussion board for the exchange of views and information on food, health and well-being. Our objective is to stimulate a debate and awareness of food, diets and it's significance to health. Food and healthy living is everybody's business.
Do you dread doing cardio exercise movements? Ultra Fast Garcinia Do you look at it to be a necessary great? Just eating right and lifting weights will only do so much, so in the way I guess it can be a necessary powerful. But it doesn't have to be boring! Study the tips below and make it more stimulating!
Information contained in HealthFoodForum.com is for increase awareness of balanced diet and nutrition and in no way should be substituted for medical attention.
Dr. Daryl Hoffman (www.dkhoffmanmd.com), a board-certified plastic surgeon performing facial enhancement procedures such as face lift for San Jose patients, says many more people...
The size of a plastic surgery practice may make a big difference in patients' choice of surgeon, according to one group of doctors offering...
When considering any form of cosmetic surgery, you are bound to have many different questions about the procedure you'd like. SmartLipo is one of...
Removing problem fat may be easier than ever, thanks to new, completely noninvasive options that are generating plenty of interest from Los Angeles...
If you have had breast augmentation you have probably heard that breast implants do not last forever and have to be replaced eventually. You...
Laser skin resurfacing has been a popular method of repairing and rejuvenating damaged skin for a number of years however; some patients have chosen...
Breast Enhancement Surgeon in Connecticut Performs Mommy Makeovers for Unique Needs of Mothers over...
Post-pregnancy plastic surgery is growing in popularity with women over 40, according to board-certified plastic surgeon Dr. Ellen Mahony (www.drellenmahony.com). She says that combined...
Over the last week, The Harley Medical Group has seen a 26% increase in bookings from men wanting anti-sweat Botox treatments, dubbed 'Sweatox'. As...
The Brits historically covet every day the sun appears, rushing out with our barbecues and deck chairs at the earliest opportunity. Many of us...
In recent years, many of the world's most glamorous female celebrities have begun to open up about using non-surgical aesthetic procedures to maintain...
Healthandfitnesstimesis your health news website. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from the health industry.
Disclaimer: The information supplied on this website is for educational purposes exclusively and IS NOT meant as an alternative for professional medical guidance, diagnosis, or treatment method. Definitely seek professional medical advice from your doctor or other qualified healthcare provider with any questions you may have concerning a medical condition.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that David Lynn Hickey, a resident of the City of Albuquerque, County of Bernalillo, State of New Mexico, and over the age of fourteen years, has filed a Petition to Change Name in the 2nd District Court, Bernalillo County, New Mexico, wherein he/she seeks to change his/her name from David Lynn Hickey to Stephanie Lynn Hickey, and that this Petition will be heard before the Honorable JUDGE BEATRICE BRICKHOUSE, District Judge, on the 5th day of February 2016, at the hour of 11 a.m., at the Bernalillo County Courthouse, Albuquerque, New Mexico.
She is even pinching on her nipples as she is receiving the best head ever. We fucked that way for about 40 minutes. He keeps her legs spread while pumping her dripping wet cunt with his big fat cock. The MILF lesbian slowly rubs her wet cunt in circles on hers and soon enough all their juices are mixed and the heats from their pussies are being shared. The young naked girl fingers her cunt while bouncing up and down that big dick shoved up her cute little ass.
This gorgeous blonde amateur girl with glasses has a huge fan following and a credibility problem, not all of her followers believe that this tiny girl is able to take a porn-sized cock, so today she is ready to prove them all wrong. Horny petite showing perfect natural boobs in cafe. I wonder if his big hard dick will fit in her tiny little pussy? The teen slut got his shaft and his balls closer together and she tried to swallow both of them and she actually did get to touch the nuts with her tongue, which is a big achievement for a slut like her. Tiny teen girl takes a porn-sized cock in her little pussy and tight asshole.
Then perverted blonde teen gets on top of her beautiful naked mom in a 69 so they can both eat each other out at the same time. She can feel it stretching her anal sphincter as it makes its way in her anal funnel inch by inch. She makes him grope her titties and puts the naughtiest faces while she gets banged hard, her titties bouncing about. The big guy puts the small girl down on her hands and knees and pushes his huge cock deep inside her virgin pussy, stretching it out. The tiny girl opens her mouth in surprise, allowing the first cock in her life to enter her mouth. Her sister runs her tongue from the bottom of her pussy up to her sensitive clit.
She takes her to the showers and puts her fully clothed under the cold shower, getting her gym clothes drenched. Each one of the sounds she made was making him so horny that he finally came close to orgasm, pulled her hair and covered her cute face with a load! She was doing such a great job sucking that hard cock and wanted to give him the biggest satisfaction of his life. While grinding her cute little ass against his crotch, she unbuttons her blouse, pulling her small breasts over her bra. Hot teen blonde with pink glasses fucked hard by her boyfriend. The girl was shocked by the scene and wanted to get out but after some persuading, she agreed to have some fun with us. She started to moan loudly turning me on even more.
hey if anyone here could possibly identify all the songs in this video in order by name and artist i would greatly appreciate it if anyone know just post it thanks
i think it funny. She is suppose to be playing a video game, but the controller is not even turned on.
Libby and Steph been around porn a long time hope they keep making great vids they make me horny as fuck
Oct 01 - Model is bound and led through the streets. Sep 28 - Happy hour at the whipping bar. Sep 30 - Mistress puts slave trainee to the test. Very sexy and innocent looking, in lookin at you, you could never tell there is a closet horndog hiding in that innocent exterior! Sep 24 - Lesbian slut is used as a personal sex toy.
Sep 20 - Sarah in red latex top and shiny latex stockings. Sep 30 - Chained, cuffed, ass hooked, spanked, trained. Sep 29 - Blondie roped and fucked with a dildo. Oct 01 - Roped, tightly gagged, clamped and used. Sep 29 - Social netwrok flirting turns into lesbian bdsm.
The braided black babe invited her bf Oliver over who is about to dominate her. There is magic, there is seduction, there is passion! Then they moved onto more serious stuff. Sep 29 - Groped, fingered, and fucked by strangers. I ask her to stay on the line with some silly excuse so I can devote my full attention to my slutty sis. Sexy Ariana Fucking by the Mirror. Sep 30 - Captured and fucked by two lesbians.
Her pierced nipples get big and puffy with chocolate tits bouncing up and down as she gets ready to taste his hot cum! The hottest mixed-race babe having wild sex, a little rough, with intense orgasms. Teen blonde girl fucking her wet pinky pussy with a dildo and moaning. Here we value capitalist values above anything else. Oct 02 - Rope bondage and electrical play.
He needs new glasses, his wisdom teeth need fillings, his arss needs to be cleaned but I still like him.
that is one hot babe there. great body, goodlookin, fantastic tan lines which i like, and she does it all. my kind of baby..
is that mia malkova? this dude needs to pay a cameraman so he doesn't have to use a lens that totally distorts everything
A public administrator, teacher, politician, community man, peace maker, multi-linguist and father figure to many young people, Chief Paul Adejobi graduated with BA (Hons) in 1971 from the pioneer Nigerian university, The University of Ibadan. He also attended Centre Universities Mediterranean where he obtained Diploma in French language. He is currently a masters student in Peace building and Negotiation at the Nigerian Open University.
Lisa Adejobi’s working carrier started in 1966 as a teacher at Our Lady of Apostles Secondary School, Ijebu-Ode. He also worked as a teacher in Nazareth High School, Imeko and Ahmadiyya College, Agege-Lagos. In 1978 he left teaching profession and was appointed Sales Distribution Manager for Volkswagen of Nigeria a position he occupied till 1979 before joining SCOA Motors as Sales and Purchasing Manager from1979 to 1982. He is a successful agricultural commodity trader and exporter specializing in cocoa beans and cashew export to Europe, America and Asia.
Lisa Adejobi formally joined active politics in 1983 and has served in several public offices. In 2005, he was appointed the Commissioner for Commerce and Industries for Ogun State, South West, Nigeria where he was able to bring a lot of innovation to the commerce sector in the state. Between 2007 and 2011 he served as Executive Chairman, Ogun State Universal Primary Education Board (OGSUPEB) superintending over 5000 primary schools in the state.
He has won several award and honor for his public administration contribution, service to the education sector and for his philanthropic activities. Some of such awards include those by the Nigeria Union of Teachers, Ogun State Grassroots Sport Development Committee, National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools, Tai Solarin University of Education national Alumni, Universal Basic Education Commission and Association of Nigeria Theatre Arts Practitioners. He is a holder of many traditional titles, a member of Abeokuta sports Club and The Pyrates Confraternity.
Lisa Adejobi is a well travelled man, an unrepentant humanitarian who strongly believes in poverty reduction as strategy to improve public health. He loves working with the less privileged and helping the needy. He is married with children.
One of the most respected manufacturers of encapsulated vitamins and nutritional supplements, HWP produces thousands of unique formulas from across the industry’s most trusted brands.
As our customer, we help you bring your nutritional products to market by providing strong communications, robust R&D, rigorous testing and consistent results. We ensure that each of your capsules is filled with the ingredients for success.
Founded in 1995, privately held HWP continues to grow thanks to a philosophy built on the integrity and quality of our people, services and facilities. This three-pronged focus begins with our senior leaders, and continues through to our most recent hire.
Story at-a-glance By Dr. Mercola Alzheimer’s disease — for which there is no effective conventional treatment or cure — affects an estimated 5.4 million Americans and prevalence is projected to triple by 2050 Lifestyle choices such as diet, exercise and … Continue reading →
Posted in Alzheimer's disease, Dementia, Mercola News, Sugar and Alzheimer's | Tagged Avoid and eliminate aluminum from your body, Avoid and eliminate mercury from your body, Avoid flu vaccinations, Avoid statins and anticholinergic drugs, Both Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetics Have Higher Risk for Alzheimer’s, Challenge your mind daily, Eat real food, Even Mild Insulin Resistance Speeds Cognitive Decline, High-Sugar Diet Significantly Raises Your Risk of Dementia, ideally organic, ideally through sensible sun exposure, Intermittently fast, Keep your fasting insulin levels below 3, Limit your exposure to non-native electromagnetic fields (cellphones, Link Between Sugar and Alzheimer's Strengthens, Move regularly and consistently throughout the day, Optimize your gut flora, Optimize your magnesium levels, Optimize your omega-3 level, Optimize your sleep, Optimize your vitamin D, Replace refined carbs with healthy fats, Sugar Damages Brain Structure and Function, Turmeric May Lower Alzheimer’s Risk Study Shows, Wi-Fi routers and modems)
Spark Energy is an early pioneer in the retail energy business. From our Houston headquarters, we started out in 1999 with the dream of serving newly deregulated energy markets across the country. Over the years, many retail energy providers have come and gone, leaving their customers to fend for themselves. But Spark Energy has successfully weathered everything from hurricanes and financial crisis, to the ups and downs of a very competitive industry. Through it all we have never stopped serving our customers with utmost attention to their needs.
Despite the fact that Texas sees much higher temperatures year round, most households contain and use heating units. These units generate heat in one of four ways: other, propane, electricity and natural gas. Just over half of households in Texas use electricity to run their heating units. This is a much greater average than the overall average for the nation.
There are many different options for term lengths in the Texas energy market. Different term lengths often have different price points, so if you’re more flexible with the length of your contract, you could get a cheaper rate. Contracts with shorter term lengths are great if you prefer to avoid a long-term commitment while longer contracts usually provide the benefit of longer-term price stability.
The power to switch is all about knowing your rights as an electric customer. In Texas, the electricity market is deregulated. Instead of only being able to get electricity from the utility and then paying the rates the utility requires, Texas retail electricity providers buy energy from generators at wholesale prices. Providers then compete with each other to offer consumers more options in terms of their electricity plans. Every electricity consumer in Texas' deregulated markets has to choose a retail electricity provider, but once you choose you don't have to stay with that provider forever. You have the power to switch electricity providers to find the best service and the best rates to meet your electric needs.
In addition to having a healthy dose of Texas pride, we also pride ourselves on providing friendly customer service. Amigo Energy customer service comes in a variety of convenient ways—from our mobile app and desktop portal, to our US-based call center with over 500 customer service agents. No matter which type of Amigo Energy customer support you choose, you’re sure to get the service you need in the timeframe you want it.
Recently, several retail electricity suppliers and brokers have begun incorporating the words “power to choose” in online advertising, web URLs, and web content that is indexed by search engines. This could skew the search results for consumers entering the term “power to choose,” directing them to websites run by brokers and suppliers rather than by the PUCT.
Multiple retail electricity providers in Texas want to be your choice for electricity. At ElectricityPlans.com we are committed to helping you easily evaluate the numerous electricity plans available to Texas homes and businesses. We are an independent source of information to help you compare the best Texas electricity rates efficiently and effectively.
With the power to choose a supply plan, shopping competitive Texas electric rates could potentially save you money on your monthly electricity bills. TexasElectricRates.com can help you compare retail energy companies in Texas, finding the supply plan that is right for you. Best of all, there isn’t any risk when you shop Texas electricity. Simple enter your ZIP code to start finding electric supply rates in your area.
Stafford completed 25 of 42 passes for 274 yards with two touchdowns and two interceptions in the Lions' 34-22 loss to the Bears on Sunday. He also rushed twice for nine yards and fumbled once but got the recovery.
Analysis: Stafford put up over 40 pass attempts for the second time in the last three games with the Lions facing a large deficit, which also led to his fifth game of over 270 passing yards this season. He also has thrown multiple touchdowns in six of his last seven contests, with Kenny Golladay and Kerryon Johnson on the receiving end of his passing scores Sunday. The fact he lost Marvin Jones to a knee injury in the second half certainly didn't help Stafford's cause, and he ultimately ran out of time…read more
Stafford completed 25 of 36 passes for 199 yards without a touchdown or interception in Sunday's 24-9 loss to the Vikings. He also rushed five times for six yards and lost a fumble.
Analysis: Stafford was under siege throughout, taking 10 sacks. His fumble came on a regrettable decision to pitch the ball back to his running back on the outside, leading to a 32-yard Vikings defensive touchdown when the play went awry. If Stafford doesn't get better protection in Week 10 against the ferocious Bears defense, he could be in for another ugly afternoon.
Stafford completed 27 of 40 passes for 310 yards, two touchdowns and an interception during Sunday's 28-14 loss to Seattle. He added six yards on one carry and a lost fumble on the ground.
Analysis: Flushed out of the pocket, Stafford muscled the ball 39 yards downfield to a streaking Marvin Jones for the game's first touchdown late in the first quarter. Detroit didn't strike again until the fourth quarter, when Seattle had already taken control of the game. The Lions did not have their newfound run game on Sunday. Consequently, Stafford showed that, albeit in a losing effort, he's still able to pile up stats when counted on to run the whole show. His interception was just his second since…read more
Stafford completed 18 of 22 passes for 217 yards and two touchdowns during Sunday's 32-21 win over Miami. He added nine rushing yards on four carries.
Analysis: What sort of alternate universe are we living in where Detroit runs for 248 yards and Stafford winds up with just 22 passing attempts? If this represents an extension of a new, more balanced Lions offense, fans can probably expect a less dynamic -- but more efficient -- Stafford. The Lions have boasted a 100-yard rusher twice in the past four games, with Stafford completing 72.8 percent of his passes during that span with a TD:INT of 8:1. After his methodical execution of a stingy Miami pass…read more
Stafford completed 14 of 26 passes for 183 yards with two touchdowns and no interceptions in the Lions' 31-23 win over the Packers on Sunday. He also lost a yard on his sole rush.
Analysis: It was an unusually muted day through the air for the Lions, who fed two different running backs with double-digit carries for the second time this season. That led to a season-low amount of attempts and passing yardage for Stafford, but he still managed to throw for multiple scores for the fourth consecutive contest. The 10-year veteran now boasts a 10:5 TD:INT through five games and will look to stay hot against the Dolphins in Week 7 following a Week 6 bye.
Stafford completed 24 of 30 pass attempts for 307 yards and two touchdowns during Sunday's 26-24 loss to the Cowboys.
Analysis: Stafford completed 80 percent of his passes as he averaged a healthy 10.2 yards per attempt. His overall numbers were driven by a pair of long touchdown passes to Golden Tate, including one in the final minutes which put the visitors ahead. Unfortunately for Stafford, his team fell to 1-3 on a field goal in the final seconds, but he's been excellent over the last three weeks and is averaging 305 yards per game to go along with a 7:1 TD:INT ratio during that span. He'll look to keep it up in…read more
Stafford completed 27 of 36 passes for 262 yards with two touchdowns and one interception during Sunday's 26-10 victory over the Patriots. He added 10 rushing yards on his lone carry.
Analysis: Stafford built upon his solid Week 2 performance and is quickly making everyone forget about how this Lions team got blown out by the Jets in Detroit's season opener. In this one, Stafford outdueled Tom Brady by stringing together long drives in order to keep the Patriots offense on the sidelines. The Lions dominated time of possession roughly 39 minutes to 21. This development was largely a result of Detroit's newfound success in the run game, headlined by the fact that Kerryon Johnson became…read more
Stafford completed 34 of 53 passes for 347 yards with three touchdowns and zero interceptions during Sunday's 30-27 loss to the 49ers. He also rushed once for eight yards and lost a fumble.
Analysis: Stafford bounced back from a miserable Week 1 performance, improving in almost every significant passing category and nearly rallying his team to a come-from-behind victory in the fourth quarter. Despite the team's offseason commitment to the running game, Stafford has been extremely busy through the first two games of the year; the Lions have thrown the ball on over three-fourths of their offensive plays thus far. The fact that Detroit has trailed by at least a 14-point deficit in the fourth…read more
Stafford completed 27 of 46 passes for 286 yards, a touchdown and four interceptions in Monday night's 48-17 loss to the Jets.
Analysis: Stafford endured a disastrous start to this season. The lone bright spot of his performance was a 24-yard touchdown to Golden Tate to begin the third quarter. Besides that, he threw two interceptions on both sides of halftime, including one that was easily returned for a touchdown. Furthermore, he took a cleat to the leg during the first half and was forced into a one-play exit after being crunched by two defenders while throwing during the third quarter. With his team down 31 points, Stafford…read more
Analysis: Stafford played into the third quarter and set up three field-goal attempts on five drives. He also took three sacks along the way, after taking two in a brief appearance last week. Stafford presumably will be held out of the Lions' preseason finale, thus finishing the exhibition slate having completed 11 of 23 passes for 164 yards without any touchdowns or interceptions. He'll open the regular season with a favorable home matchup against the Jets on Monday Night Football (Sept. 10).
Head coach Matt Patricia plans to give Stafford and the rest of the Detroit starters extended playing time in Friday's preseason game against Tampa Bay, Dave Birkett of the Detroit Free Press reports.
Analysis: Patricia stopped short of stating exactly how much run he expects to give his first-team offense, but he did say he wants to get his team into "a regular-season mode," which suggests Stafford should get at least a few possessions Friday. The inability to pinpoint exactly how much Stafford will play obviously renders the quarterback a risky pick in DFS contests, but it could pay off if he stays in the game deep into the second quarter.
Stafford completed two of five passes for 51 yards with no touchdowns or interceptions during Friday's preseason game against the Giants.
Analysis: Making his 2018 preseason debut, Stafford did what he could, but the quarterback was pulled from the game rather quickly after taking two sacks -- plus another that was wiped out be a defensive penalty -- behind an offensive line that seemed out of sync. However, there's optimism this trend won't continue into the regular season once offensive guard T.J. Lang (undisclosed) is back in action, especially if first-round rookie Frank Ragnow can acclimate to the professional stage sooner than later.…read more
Stafford likely will play in Friday's preseason game against the Giants, Tim Twentyman of the Lions' official website reports.
Analysis: Stafford came out in uniform for the Lions' first preseason game but didn't actually play in the contest. He'll likely play at least one or two drives Friday night, though coach Matt Patricia hasn't commented on his plan for the quarterbacks.
Stafford is on the Lions' sideline with pads and a helmet before Friday's preseason game against the Raiders, Kyle Meinke of MLive.com reports.
Analysis: Stafford wasn't warming up with the Lions' pass catchers, so initial reports favored him sitting this one out. It's still not guaranteed that Stafford will play, but most quarterbacks in his situation would be in street clothes otherwise.
Stafford isn't expected to suit up for Friday's preseason game against the Raiders, Tim Twentyman of the Lions' official site reports.
Analysis: There's no reason to risk injury to the Lions' franchise signal caller, so backups Matt Cassel and Jake Rudock will lead the offense in the preseason opener.
Stafford displayed chemistry with second-year wideout Kenny Golladay during June minicamp, Justin Rogers of The Detroit News reports.
Analysis: The Lions are banking on Golladay's development along with an improved running game to make up for the offseason departures of tight ends Eric Ebron and Darren Fells. The team did sign Luke Willson and Levine Toilolo to join 2017 fourth-round pick Michael Roberts, but the trio will have a tough time matching the 751 yards and seven TDs provided by Ebron and Fells last season. The Lions otherwise devoted their offseason to building a decent rushing attack, something Stafford hasn't had since…read more
Stafford completed 20 of 29 passes for 323 yards and three touchdowns during Sunday's 35-11 victory over Green Bay. He also caught a two-point conversion while rushing twice for two yards.
Analysis: Stafford capped off another statistically-strong season in Detroit by putting together one of his most masterful games in recent memory, as his 140.4 passer rating was his highest mark since 2015. The Georgia product ended the campaign in style, too, sneaking behind the Packers defense to catch a two-point conversion on a trick play in the fourth quarter. Stafford will now finish the season with a fantastic stat line that includes 4,446 yards passing, a 65.5 completion percentage, 7.9 YPA mark…read more
Lions head coach Jim Caldwell said he won't give any consideration for resting Stafford during Sunday's season finale against the Packers, Kyle Meinke of MLive.com reports.
Analysis: The 8-7 Lions were officially eliminated from playoff contention after their Week 16 loss to the Bengals, but with a winning record for the season still achievable, it doesn't sound like the team will rest its regulars for an otherwise meaningless finale. Stafford has been playing through a bruise on his throwing hand throughout this month and sprained his ankle in late November, but it hasn't translated to a dramatic downturn in his productivity over the last five games. During that time, he's…read more
Stafford completed 19 of 35 pass attempts for 203 yards, one touchdown and one interception Sunday against the Bengals. He also gained seven yards on his lone carry in the 26-17 loss.
Analysis: Stafford completed just 54 percent of his passes and recorded an average of 5.8 yards per attempt en route to his second-lowest yardage total of the season. He opened the scoring with a 33-yard touchdown pass in the first quarter, but the offense scuffled after that and finished with its lowest point total since Week 8. Most importantly, the loss eliminated Stafford and company from playoff contention, so it remains to be seen whether they choose to deploy all of their regulars for next week's…read more
Stafford completed 25 of 33 passes for 237 yards and two touchdowns during Saturday's 20-10 victory over the Bears. He also lost a fumble while rushing once for minus-1 yard.
Analysis: Stafford appears to be operating at full health, as Dave Birkett of the Detroit Free Press reported that Stafford didn't tape up his bruised throwing hand Saturday and won't need to moving forward. Even with this recent injury, Stafford currently boasts an 80.2 percent completion rate over his past three games. He was passing at a 62.5 percent clip in the 11 games prior. While he only completed two of 10 passes that traveled over 10 yards Saturday, Stafford excelled in the short-to-intermediate…read more
Stafford (hand) completed 36 of 44 passes for 381 yards with one touchdown and two interceptions in Sunday's 24-21 win over the Buccaneers.
Analysis: Stafford had apparently looked increasingly better each day in practice this past week, and he parlayed that improvement into his second-best passing yardage total of the season. The veteran signal caller connected with eight different pass catchers on the afternoon and led an eight-play, 49-yard drive that set up a game-winning field goal by Matt Prater with 20 seconds remaining. It was Stafford's fourth 300-yard effort of the season, and he's also thrown for between 292 and 299 yards in three…read more
Analysis: As he did throughout the week, Stafford will take the field Sunday with the ring and pinkie fingers taped on his bruised right hand, per Dave Birkett of the Detroit Free Press. Playing through a finger issue last season, Stafford completed 59.5 percent of his passes, averaged 271.3 yards through the air per game, and posted two touchdowns versus three interceptions across four outings.
Stafford's throwing hand made daily improvement over the week, and the quarterback is expected to start Sunday against the Buccaneers, per a source, Ian Rapoport of the NFL Network reports.
Analysis: Barring any unforeseen setbacks, Stafford will face a Tampa Bay team that ranks 31st in passing defense (267.3 YPG) and 21st in points per game (24.0).
Analysis: Head coach Jim Caldwell opened Friday's media session with nary an answer about Stafford's health, saying he's "progressing" and throwing "decently." During the open portion of practice, though, Stafford let it rip, despite having two fingers taped on his bruised throwing hand. Among his tosses, he completed a 45-yarder to Bradley Marquez. Perhaps the biggest question mark around Stafford's potential output is the state of the offensive line, as starting right tackle Rick Wagner (ankle), right…read more
Analysis: Though Stafford wasn't upgraded to full participation in practice, it nonetheless seems he stepped up his involvement during the session. According to Kyle Meinke of MLive.com, Stafford was able to throw during the 15 minutes of practice made available to the media, with his touch passes looking normal. However, because Stafford had two fingers taped up during the workout -- one less finger than he taped Monday -- his throws were lacking in zip, which could hinder his effectiveness by the time…read more
Despite being listed as a limited participant, Stafford didn't appear to make any throws at Wednesday's practice, Kyle Meinke of MLive.com reports.
Analysis: The Lions may have allowed Stafford to throw when the medi a wasn't watching, but he was limited to handing the ball off with his left hand while the press was around. Head coach Jim Caldwell confirmed that the bruising and swelling in Stafford's right hand is a significant issue, saying that his quarterback isn't yet out of the woods in terms of gaining clearance for Sunday's game in Tampa Bay. This already seems to be trending toward a game-time decision, with 2016 sixth-round pick Jake…read more
Stafford (hand) didn't throw during the portion of Wednesday's practice open to the media, Kyle Meinke of MLive.com reports.
Analysis: Prior to the session, head coach Jim Caldwell told Michael Rothstein of ESPN.com that Stafford is "not out of the woods yet" as it pertains to Sunday's game at Tampa Bay, noting the contusion on the quarterback's right hand isn't insignificant. The lack of throws doesn't mean Stafford ultimately won't be deemed a limited participant Wednesday, especially after he was able to hand off the ball with his left hand. Backup quarterback Jake Rudock handled the majority of reps, though, so the Lions…read more
Lions head coach Jim Caldwell said Wednesday that Stafford (hand) is "not out of the woods yet" and indicated that the quarterback's injury isn't insignificant, Michael Rothstein of ESPN.com reports.
Analysis: Though X-rays came back negative on Stafford's right hand earlier this week, he's still dealing with a painful bruise that inhibits his ability to throw the ball. As a result, Stafford seems likely to be at least a limited participant in the team's first practice of the week Wednesday, if not held out of the session entirely. Because Stafford's status for Sunday's matchup with the Buccaneers is up in the air, Caldwell indicated that he would likely have to balance getting both Stafford and…read more
Stafford's right hand isn't broken, but it is very sore and badly bruised, Michael Rothstein of ESPN.com reports.
Analysis: Given that X-rays came back negative, this wouldn't be much of a concern if it were an issue with Stafford's left hand. Unfortunately for the Lions, the injury is in the worst place possible for a quarterback, leaving Stafford's availability in question for Week 14 in Tampa Bay. Head coach Jim Caldwell said he isn't yet sure how the bruising will impact Stafford's ability to throw. Reports from practice will need to be watched closely this week, though it's possible the Lions try to hide…read more
Head coach Jim Caldwell said X-rays came back negative on Stafford's right hand in the aftermath of Sunday's 44-20 loss at Baltimore.
Analysis: Although Stafford doesn't have a fracture, he does have significant bruising on the hand, according to Kyle Meinke of MLive.com. Stafford later told Meinke that he has "burning nerve pain" after his right hand was stepped on in the fourth quarter but expects it to be "OK." The Lions may not report on Stafford's health until the release of the first Week 14 injury report Wednesday, but it remains to be seen if his streak of 108 consecutive starts is in peril.
Stafford is questionable to return to Sunday's game at Baltimore due to a right hand injury, Tim Twentyman of the Lions' official site reports.
Analysis: Stafford was holding the hand tenderly as he walked to the locker room in the middle of the fourth quarter. If he fails to reenter the contest, he'll finish the day having completed 24 of 29 passes for 292 yards, one touchdown and one interception. Jake Rudock takes over the offense in Stafford's stead.
Analysis: Stafford came up gimpy in the aftermath of a 43-yard touchdown heave to Marvin Jones during the fourth quarter of the Lions' loss to the Vikings on Thanksgiving. Commenting on his right ankle Monday, he said that he had an X-ray after the game and was "feeling better," which foretold Wednesday's full session. Stafford can now prepare for Sunday's contest in Baltimore, whose defense has allowed just two touchdown passes to quarterbacks over its last five outings.
Stafford said his sprained ankle is "feeling better," Dave Birkett of the Detroit Free Press reports.
Analysis: Appearing on 760 WJR's The Mitch Albom Show on Monday, Stafford said he received X-rays after Thursday's loss to the Vikings that evidently came back negative. He's now four days removed from first sustaining the injury and still has six days until the Lions kick off against the Ravens this weekend. While the quarterback is seemingly on track to suit up for that game, Wednesday's injury report will be a better indicator of Stafford's potential availability.
Stafford said Thursday that his right ankle was "not 100 percent" after he injured it during the Lions' 30-23 loss to the Vikings, Dave Birkett of the Detroit Free Press reports.
Analysis: Stafford hurt his ankle early in the fourth quarter on his 43-yard touchdown pass to Marvin Jones, with the injury seemingly derailing the Lions' comeback effort. Though he remained in the contest, Stafford completed only three of six passes for seven yards the rest of the way, with his final third-down pass proving especially costly, as he overthrew an open Golden Tate on what was essentially a game-sealing interception. Though his Thanksgiving Day ended on a sour note, Stafford indicated that…read more
Stafford completed 20 of 35 passes for 250 yards, two touchdowns and one interception during Thursday's 30-23 loss to the Vikings. He also fumbled twice, losing one of them.
Analysis: The king of comebacks wasn't able to pull off any fourth-quarter magic Thanksgiving Day, thanks to a last-minute pass that bounced into the hands of the Vikings' 2016 Pro Bowl corner, Xavier Rhodes. Stafford wasn't all that impressive fantasy-wise, either, as he missed a number of seemingly easy throws and struggled his way to one of his lowest completion percentages of the year. On the bright side, Stafford seemed to avoid major injury after his right leg was rolled up on in the final quarter…read more
Stafford completed 21 of 31 passes for 299 yards and two touchdowns in Sunday's 27-24 win over Chicago.
Analysis: Stafford has been quietly impressive this season, with multiple touchdown passes in seven of 10 games. His numbers over Detroit's three-game winning streak have been superb, though. He's posted a seven:one touchdown:interception ratio and an absurd 10.1 yards per attempt. Stafford is humming, but it'll be interesting to see if his luck runs out next week against Minnesota. Stafford was held to 209 passing yards and no touchdowns against the Vikings' stout defense earlier this season.
Stafford completed 17 of 26 passes for 249 yards with three touchdowns and one interception while adding 17 yards on four carries in Sunday's 38-24 win over Cleveland.
Analysis: Stafford got some help from his teammates early on, as Detroit's two first-half touchdowns came on a running play and a fumble recovery. The league's highest-paid quarterback earned his money late, however, turning a 24-17 deficit into a 38-24 win with three touchdown passes in the final 16 minutes. Those scores of eight, 29 and 40 yards raised Stafford's TD:INT ratio to 17:5 on the season.
Stafford completed 26 of 33 passes for 361 yards and two touchdowns in Monday night's 30-17 win over the Packers.
Analysis: Stafford finished Detroit's first drive with a 25-yard touchdown pass to Marvin Jones and never looked back, leading an offense that did not punt the ball Monday. Along with tossing another score to Jones during the fourth quarter, Stafford posted his third straight game with at least 300 yards through the air. Fresh off the momentum provided by Monday's win, Stafford will now look forward to a tasty home matchup against the lowly Browns in Week 10.
NFL Network's analyst discuss which inconsistent players you should trust, trade or toss for Week 11.
Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford tosses a 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Kenny Golladay.
NFL Media's Senior Fantasy Analyst Michael Fabiano gives his list of quarterbacks and tight ends you should start and sit in Week 10.
Minnesota Vikings defensive end Danielle Hunter scores a touchdown by recovering a Detroit Lions fumble for Week 9 of the 2018 season.
Watch highlights from the Detroit Lions vs. Minnesota Vikings game where the Minnesota Vikings defeat the Detroit Lions at home during Week 9 of the 2018 season.
WWW, October 17 2007 - Greetings, and thank you very much for your interest in this edition of Dubroom Online.
Many people wonder about the spirituality and consciousness of the Dubroom Webmaster, which would be me.
So maybe you would like to check out my personal spiritual update, and download almost 2 1/2 hours worth of audio interviews with me, an in-depth article and a freely downloadable musical work.
I'm please to meet you, and pleased to serve the online (DUB) Reggae Community with a daily doses of (DUB) Reggae and Consciousness.
WWW, October 2007 - Two interviews, an in-depth article and a request to download and comment on a free track. Indeed: time for another (spiritual) update from the dread some love to hate!
Last September 30, I have been interviewed on Channel-Z Radio. The interview was very, very personal and we covered a lot of topics in just one hour. Topics which I write about and produce music about.
Sure, many would say that these topics have nothing to do with each other, but obviously they do. They have all to do something with... the Truth, with Reality, with "the way things are".
For the Predicto website, and for the Dubroom, I have written an in-depth article that deals directly with spiritual war on the Internet. I tried to explain a little just what the spiritual war is, and why we are involved when we are living beings. Additionally, I tried to give some -recent- examples of spiritual warfare on the Internet, on the Dubroom Messageboards for example.
For those who are interested in more about this topic, yesterday Zeph E Daniel and I recorded an interesting reasoning/interview together wherein we go deeper into this article.
Subsequently, I was interviewed by Channel-Z about the article. In the interview, the topic is covered to a deeper level. I speak about an infiltration on a Reggae Website where a politikal korrekt cult tries to make people Konform to Babylon System, claiming they are rebels against Babylon and roots musicians.
We also spoke about the fact that both brother Zeph-I and I were unable to konform to the shitstem, resulting in Babylon wanting to lock us up as if we are crazy.
I was blessed, because my parents did not want to go along with Babylon when they told my parents that I had to be in a crazy-house, where they would "fill me with medicine so I would either die or become a good Babylonian". Zeph had to go through a harder time, because his parents wanted him to konform to the system. He knows first-hand, and from a little age on, just how real and how spiritual this all is.
We spoke about the reason why they want to fight us down, which always has to do with KONFORMITY. Bow Down To The God Of This World Order, regardless as to whether you call him Jesus, Allah or Buddha (seen?). That is the message, and if you won't, you will pay.
However, Yesus Kristos already "paid". We are in Him and He is in us, and now we are freed to free, healed to heal, being fought for to fight for... our brothers and sisters, our fellow humans.
I've uploaded 67 tracks to the ICOMPOSITIONS.com website. It's a website where musicians can upload their music, and others can download and even better: comment on the music.
One out of the 67 tracks can only be downloaded for the website. It is a radio version of my track Yesus Messiah, of which you can find a Discomix on my album Showcase and a DUB on my NET-Album "Reasonings in Dub".
Please download the track and please leave a comment. you will definitely be doing something for YESUS MESSIAH there, I assure you.
WWW, October 2007 - After watching this great video clip, you will want to have the free download of the MP3 file straight from the Burning Spear website.
Nuff things can and must be said about Winston "Burning Spear" Rodney, as he has been working for decades and decades in a tempo that not many are willing to even imitate.
It's time to walk. Time to walk and look to the video, then time to visit the Burning Spear Website for some more.
WWW, October 16 2008 - "Step Out Of Her My People", is the Message of Jah when it comes to His people inna Babylon.
We can read it in the Bible, we can find it in the meaning of the word "Church" (meaning: "called out ones"), and most of all: we can see it when we do our research and find out the true, ugly face of Mystery Babylon.
In many debates and "reasonings", you can find people who are defending their own initiation into the Mystery. They have identified themselves with the feelings that Babylon gives them.
But if we are to break free from Babylon, what we must do first is realize our identity. Not the things you read on your Big Brother Passport, but the real you.
The above column is the personal opinnion of the Webmaster and does not neccesarily reflect the contents of the Dubroom Website and/or Message Boards.
WWW, October 2008 - You'll forgive the occasional DJ track, and not in the least because these tracks are mixed in Dub Style too. DUB DOWN BABYLON: one and a half hours of stricktly drum, bass and effects straight to the wicked one head!
WWW, October 2008 - In the previous update, I was openly wondering as to whether I was doing a Hot Stepper or a Cool Running. Of course, asking the question is answering it and so I took a break.
No, there's no playlist available. But they're all there: King Tubby, Phillip Smart and the rest of the great Jamaican DUB engineers. The podcast is in superb audio quality, and even though the selection is limited to Jamaican DUB from the 1970's, there's a wide variety of styles throughout the one and a half hour of the show.
DUB DOWN BABYLON, "simply" a well balanced presentation of 1970's Jamaican DUB, which should not miss out in any self respecting collector of the better DUB Reggae podcasts.
It sure feels good to be back on track. Sure, I needed the break but there is nothing better than sitting down and doing the works. After all, there's no need for a Hot Steppers because in order to do this work I need to be cool, so to speak.
I do plan to take it easy in the coming times, because I know that I'm not where I would love to be. Not yet, that is.
As I told Zeph Daniel in an interview a couple of months ago, I am facing the fact that I am what some people call "autist". I know this for several years now, and even though I didn't wanna speak about it publicly, I know that the time had come to speak out about it still.
It is because of this situation, that I simply need to create a certain environment in which I can work and produce the best. I need to live in some kind of routine, and when things mess that down I can get into a state wherein I simply do not know what to do anymore.
Of course, you cannot change the universe to make it fit. There are simply circumstances which you cannot control, but in their turn do influence your life. And I need to deal with that fact just like anyone else. However, the way I deal with it is quite different than "non-autists" would deal with it.
Anyway, I think I have managed to incorporate everything that happened to me in these last months into my life. And it sure feels good to work the works again.
WWW, October 15 2009 - Recently, it happened again: I saw people referring to "One Love" and claiming that One Love to be some kind of New Agey mentality in which no one can ever say anything unless it makes the other "feel good", basically.
It happens all the time, not in the least in the so-called "Reggae Compassion Act", wherein one homosexual activist defined "One Love" and had Dancehall artists sign that definition, for otherwise he would continue to try and have these artists boycotted and even banned for questioning the homosexual lifestyle.
Of course, Bob Marley never meant to plea for Political Correctness, which becomes clear in his song "One Love", wherein he says we have to have One Love to Fight This Armageddon, not to "feel allright", for that is just a result of practicing One Love.
CORRECTION: Yesterday, I made a mistake. I used the word "increase" where I should have used the word "decreased". Even though the context and logic made that clear, and the correction has been made, subscribers to the mailing list have received the wrong column and therefore, I just had to write this down.
WWW, October 15 2009 - When Frankie Paul introduced himself with African Princess, he was just one moment away from a carreer in Rub a Dub and Dancehall that would last until this day. In this tune, he does what he does best, on an Ire Rub a Dub tune.
WWW, October 2009 - Although Vybz Kartel prefers to sing and chant about the kind of love that man and woman share, in this tune he declares his love for his mother, who gave him birth in order for him to live it up.
WWW, October 2009 - He's been a member of the vocal group Paragons during the 1960's, is known for his super sweet soulful Lovers Reggae, but he also released the massive Roots Rub a Dub album "Police in Helicopters". John Holt, who sung the classic Ali Baba, is a versatile vocalist fe true!
Well, it's fall now. The weather last week was nothing but amaze-balls. Sunshine, really warm and all-round wonderful. I rode my bike a lot, went for an 18 km hike up to Mount Garibaldi, and even went to see Caribou at the Vogue who were fantastic (any band with 2 drummers makes for a good show). But today is Monday and it's grey, grey, grey.
Luckily we're prepared for cozy indoor times as we bought a new couch. Well, new to us that is. It was an amazing Craigslist score and we love how it looks in our living room. And that lovely September evening light flooding into our place helped to make it even better.
I'm also super excited because soon I'll have a bunch of new cards in my etsy shop & they are all pretty wonderful, I think. Stay tuned this week for an announcement and a shop update.
I agree with la ninja, that lamp is TO DIE FOR! Of course the couch is awesome, too, but seriously... hand over the lamp.
love the atmosphere, and those drawers look exactly like the ones we had at our uni for the library's catalogues. what gets to be kept in them if i may?
I am a web designer who lives in the lovely city of Vancouver, BC. I have two etsy shops where I sell cards and birthday calendars & printable stationery & art prints. I also have a popular food blog, but thought it would be a nice thing to keep track of all the little things that might get lost along the way.
Erik is an author, speaker, and consultant now, but his path to his current career has three parts. In his first career, he managed a commodity trading firm for a major Chicago brokerage firm where he was the national sales leader, and traded on the floor of a Chicago commodity exchange. When his sons were born, Erik moved into his second career, teaching. He taught English, math, science, and civics over a twenty year career and coached numerous sports as well as debate and forensics. Erik was a teacher of the year in one of the nation’s most prestigious school districts.
Now in his third career, Erik brings his unique experiences to empower teachers to change. His consulting work focuses on how to teach oral communication, how to teach good thinking (argument, persuasion, and reasoning), and how to update instruction with practical ways to use technology in the classroom. Erik is a frequent presenter and keynoter at conferences of education professionals, and he has led workshops for schools, school districts, and universities across the United States and around the world.
Erik lives in Denver, Colorado. His educational background includes Southern Methodist University, Oberlin College (BA Government), the University of Denver College of Law, and the University of Colorado (MA Curriculum and Instruction).
Digitally Speaking: How to Improve Student Presentations with Technology (Stenhouse Publishers, 2012)
“This is the most comprehensive book, written with delightful style and humor and above all with details that are specific and instructive. Well Spoken has the answers. I’m buying several copies for friends and family and grandchildren who are all in the arena of today’s corporate world. Everyone will benefit from this finely honed book!!”
“While you are a terrific speaker, I think your most fine tuned communication ability is listening. You understood what we needed and then built an informative, entertaining, “spot-on” presentation for us.”
“Our teachers absolutely love teaching PVLEGS to their 1st – 4th graders! We now use the PVLEGS oral communication rubric to help evaluate students in this area. We have seen marked improvement in our 2nd graders’ oral communication skills; specifically those that were exposed to the use of PVLEGS in 1st grade the year before…”
“Palmer’s new book is perhaps the best resource for teachers of any content area. It is concise (only 148 pages), clear, and organized, with practical ideas and suggestions that can easily be implemented into any classroom, not just English classrooms. The question of how to teach oral communication skills more effectively seems to come up quite a bit in my English department, and Palmer’s book is the perfect little handbook full of answers and ideas to get teachers started!”
“I should have been prepared for the utter lack of professional resources related to speech pedagogy. I was not. Fortunately, one of my students discovered your book and website…You have provided an indispensable professional resource.”
“Well Spoken provides a thorough guide for any teacher or school interested in integrating speaking into the curriculum.”
“I have been recommending your work with teachers ALL OVER THIS CITY! We use PVLEGS all the time…and refer to your comments/feedback frequently.”
Let me start by telling you that I thoroughly enjoyed your presentation in Nashville this past week. Clearly you are embracing the tenets of what you preach.
I have found that the most obvious things in education are typically the ones overlooked, yet most important. Five minutes into your talk I found myself saying…DUH!, why aren’t we doing this? I think your work is going to be game changing for our students.
Magnificent Private mansion! 8800 sf extreme high quality home. Every imaginable extra one would expect from a home of this caliber. Designer chef’s kitchen with top of the line Sub Zero, Wolf & Miele appliances, largest single slab 6cm island. French doors lead to a salt water pool w/beach entry, water-slide, 3 waterfalls and swim cave plus a commercial grade hot tub. Covered, outdoor L/R w/ F/P, DCS BBQ, warming dwr & fridge. Pool cabana with sauna, change rooms & travertine bath. Backs west for the ultimate sun exposure. Golf course quality yard, Private driveway with 5 car garage. More details
"The Terraces" is the ultimate in modern detail combined with natural finishes. An exclusive West Coast post & beam estate sited down a long private drive. Years in the making, this incredible home offers expansive views and privacy. The level entry main floor inclds formal living room, library/den, dining room overlooking the valley and massive gourmet kitchen. On the lower walkout floor, there is a full summer kitchen,screening room for 10 guests,billiards room, 2 bars, gym and wellness area making for an entertainers' dream. Master suite w/ stamped concrete balcony offers commanding views of the valley. Priced attractively for the exclusive neighborhood this exquisite home is not for those seeking average. A forest home oasis More details
Welcome to a rarely available 1 acre estate in one of Anmore's most prestigious gated communities, Canterwood Court! Feel at home as you open the door to 20 foot vaulted ceilings and solid oak hardwood in this stunning cedar built house, which boasts over 5,300 square feet. Entertain from the open concept kitchen covered in beautiful slate flooring & countertops that flows seamlessly into the dining room and entertainment space. Find tranquility upstairs in the spa inspired master suite with jacuzzi tub or in the sauna/gym below. Proceed outdoors to a private, unparalleled dream backyard that offers a luxurious pool with cabana, hot tub, tennis court, wood burning fire place and extensive deck space backing onto serene forestry. OPEN HOUSE NOVEMBER 18TH, 2-5 PM. More details
WATERFRONT on ALDERSIDE. This seaside 3 level family home has it all. QUALITY home features kitchen with island, wet bar, sub zero fridge, eating area &14 ft pantry. Huge LR off all looking up the inlet. Three bedrooms up with library type landing. Master bedroom with oversize ensuite, walk in shower, soaker tub, double vanity & gas F/P. Downstairs recrm with surround sound & projector ri, 4th bedroom, flex room prewired for 220 for suite if wanted. Toast the sunsets on this south west exposure from decks and private patios all on the waters edge. Bonus boat house with haul out, pier and float for your boat. Nice sandy beach to swim, kayak or paddleboard. Bike path and walking trails to Newport Village & Skytrain More details
You will love Anmore even more once you watch our 4K cinematic feature for this 4589 SF artistic luxury home! Inspired by architect Robert Bradbury, we feel we're the most balanced in terms of price, style, art form & location. This is not cookie cutter. It's a piece of complex art with a custom steel, glass & engineered oak hardwood staircase through the centre of the house. Oversized windows allow natural light to complement it's transparent angles. All 4 bdrms offer ensuites in this bright, open & warm residence with many areas to enjoy. The shape of this home is designed to take in the natural rock features of the property. We've used what nature has gifted us! Please visit our website for more hi-res photos. More details
This book builds a research-grounded, theoretical foundation for evidence based library and information practice and illustrates how librarians can incorporate the principles to make more informed decisions in the workplace.
The book takes an open and encompassing approach to exploring evidence based library and information practice (EBLIP) and the ways it can improve the practice of librarianship. Bringing together recent theory, research, and case studies, the book provides librarians with a new reference point for how they can use and create evidence within their practice, in order to better meet the needs of their communities.
Being Evidence Based in Library and Information Practice is divided into two parts; in the first part the editors explore the background to EBLIP and put forward a new model for its application in the workplace which encompasses 5 elements: Articulate, Assemble, Assess, Agree, Adapt.
In the second part, contributors from academic, public, health, school and special libraries from around the world provide an overview of EBLIP developments in their sector and offer examples of successful implementation.
Readership: The book will be essential reading for library and information professionals from all sectors who want to make more informed decisions and better meet the needs of their users. The book will also be of interest to students of library and information studies and researchers.
'Library administrators and assessment librarians will welcome this focus on practice and application of EBLIP in a variety of settings and places.'
'A timely and useful guide, Being Evidence Based in Library and Information Practice demonstrates both the model for Evidence Based Library and Information Practice (EBLIP) and different library settings for development of this ongoing research practice. It is an extremely useful guide for developing evidence-based library improvements and a lifetime of professional growth.'
'Although ‘being evidence based is not a simple thing’, this book is essential reading to all librarians looking to develop advocacy skills and make informed decisions in the information world as it exists today.'
'The entire book is clearly written, free of jargon (or jargon is explained succinctly), and engaging. Each chapter builds on previous chapters, and the chapters in Part 2 track back appropriately to the explanatory chapters in Part 1. If you are interested in becoming a researcher–practitioner, or in integrating data into your decision-making processes for your library, this book will be quite useful. The book also could be complementary to an introductory textbook on research methods for information professionals looking to grow these skills.'
'Koufogiannakis and Brettle have written and edited one of the most essential books on librarianship in the last several years. They present a clear and strong case for why librarians of all settings need to integrate EBP into their workflow...The reader can gather some great ideas on starting to use EBLIP in their own practice. This book is highly recommended reading for all experience levels and types of librarianship.'
'It is hard to imagine that more qualified authors exist for this topic than Koufogiannakis and Brettle. Upcoming and new professionals would be wise to read this book, whereas more seasoned professionals are more likely readers and implementers of the concepts presented.'
'How do we make the case that a library tangibly impacts the communities it serves in order to secure funding? How do we maintain, improve, reimagine, or expand a library’s services, as appropriate? In Being Evidence Based in Library and Information Practice, editors Denise Koufogiannakis and Alison Brettle make a convincing case that we do so by grounding our professional practice and organizational decision making in evidence...Library administrators will find Being Evidence Based in Library and Information Practice useful for guiding organizational decision making. For library and information science faculty and graduate students, it will be a strong complement to any research methods curriculum. However, this book will resonate most strongly with practitioners who find it rewarding not only to perform the essential work of their library, but also to apply their curiosity and creativity to figuring out how better to do the work.'
'Koufogiannakis and Brettle present an excellent overview of the history and evolution of library evidence-based practice along with the current state of EBLIP. The model they have presented is demonstrated to be usable across the library spectrum. This work is highly recommended.'
Dr Denise Koufogiannakis is Associate University Librarian at the University of Alberta Libraries in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. In 2013 she received her PhD in Information Studies from Aberystwyth University, Wales, UK. Denise co-founded the open access journal Evidence Based Library and Information Practice and has held several editorial positions since the journal’s inception in 2006, including Editor-in-Chief from 2009-2011. Denise has contributed numerous research papers to the scholarly literature of EBLIP, and has served on the Program Committee of the international EBLIP conference series since 2003. In 2007, Denise was named a “Mover and Shaker” by Library Journal for her contributions to the evidence based librarianship movement.
Dr Alison Brettle is a Reader in Evidence Based Practice at the University of Salford, UK. She has specialist expertise in literature searching, systematic review methodology, evidence based practice and the evaluation of health information services; pioneering the use of systematic reviews in library and information practice. She has over 20 years experience of health, social care and library related research and teaching environments and has led and supported a wide range of projects and published extensively. She has been involved with the open access professional journal, Evidence Based Library and Information Practice since its inception, and was Editor-in-Chief 2012-2014. She also hosted and co-chaired the 6th International Evidence Based Library and Information Practice in Salford in 2011. As an active member of the UK professional body, CILIP, she leads research training and awards on behalf of the Library and Information Research Group and has recently authored a systematic scoping review on the value of professionally trained and registered library and information professionals.
Lotta Haglund, Head of Library and Archive, Swedish School of Sport and Health Sciences, Stockholm, Sweden
Heather N. Holmes, Associate Director of Libraries and Associate Professor, Medical University of South Carolina, USA
Joanne Gard Marshall, Alumni Distinguished Professor, School of Information & Library Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, USA
Rick Wallace, Professor and Associate Director, Quillen College of Medicine Library,East Tennessee State University, USA
Virginia Wilson, Director of the Centre for Evidence Based Library and Information Practice, University Library, University of Saskatchewan, Canada
This book develops and rethinks the original EBLIP model. It takes an open and inclusive approach to exploring EBLIP and the ways in which it can improve the practice of librarianship. Since EBLIP’s inception in 1997 the understanding of what evidence is, as well as how and why librarians use evidence, has grown more mature. Correspondingly, this book puts forward a model and approach to evidence that has evolved but is more realistic and practical for librarians in their everyday work.
This book seeks to provide librarians with an accessible new reference point for how they can use and create evidence within their practice to better meet the needs of their communities. It is organized into two sections; the first is structured around Koufogiannakis’ revised framework for EBLIP (Koufogiannakis, 2013b), which embraces a wider breadth of evidence sources and understanding of how librarians use evidence. The new framework is described and each element of the evidence-based cycle is considered in turn. Each chapter in this section provides theory relating to this step of the model, as well as practical tools and examples to help implement the theory.
This chapter presents a holistic and cyclical approach to considering evidence. The nature of evidence is seen as comprising research evidence, local evidence and professional knowledge; evidence can be used for individual or group decision making and convincing and influencing others. The steps involved include: articulate, assemble, assess, agree and adapt. The following chapters consider these steps in turn.
EBLIP begins with a question; the need to come to an understanding of the problem and to articulate it so that what you want to better understand is made clear. For librarians this may be an area where service improvement is required, or it may be related to the management of the library’s collection, for example. It could be a question about how an instruction librarian should best teach information literacy concepts, or it could involve a big decision such as the reconfiguration of reference services in the library. Different stakeholders may have different types of questions; for example, practitioners’ questions may well be about practice, whereas managers, funders or policy makers may want evidence to demonstrate the use or value of a service. This chapter will outline the importance of a clear question and describe methods that have been used to clarify and situate questions within EBP.
Working within the EBLIP process, librarians need to assemble evidence from a variety of sources that are most appropriate to the problem or question at hand. Assembling evidence is key to the whole concept of EBP, and determining the sources of evidence that one will draw upon when making practice-based decisions is paramount. We must use professional judgement to determine the best and most appropriate sources of evidence, depending upon what we want to know. Evidence may come from external sources, locally gathered data or our own professional knowledge. This chapter will start with an overview of the concept of evidence and how it relates to librarianship, explore different types of evidence and look more specifically at sources of evidence within librarianship and how to find the needed evidence. The goal of this chapter is to expand your thinking about what evidence is and to help you determine some of the sources that you can draw upon.
Assess is a critical part of EBLIP and involves assessing the located evidence for its quality (often known as appraisal or critical appraisal) and quantity. There is also a need to weigh up or balance the results from different types of evidence, to get to know the evidence and what it is saying and then to put it into the context of the wider, overarching problem and the situation in which the decision is being made. While previous work within EBLIP has focused on appraising or assessing research evidence, this chapter will begin with research evidence but move on to examining how to assess other types of evidence and incorporating these into the decision-making process.
This chapter involves determining the best way forward and, if working as a group, achieving a consensus based on the evidence and organizational goals. Quite often library-based decisions are made in groups, which could consist of an internal group of librarians assigned to come up with a solution. Even if you do work on something by yourself, at the point of decision, others may be involved. At this point in the process you must determine the best way forward, based on your assessment of the various sources of evidence (Chapter 5). It is important to remember that we all bring biases to our interpretation of the evidence as a whole, so recognizing this is an important step toward making better decisions. In this chapter we discuss some of these factors that may influence the decision-making process. Then the decision needs to be implemented.
This chapter involves reflecting on and evaluating the process and examining whether the change made a difference or whether further changes are needed. Theories on reflective practice and change management may also be incorporated.
The second section of the book focuses on the use of EBLIP in different sectors of the library profession. The context and drivers relating to evidence in each library sector are different and EBLIP has developed at different paces within each, but there are lessons and techniques to be learned between sectors. So, for example, even if you are not a school librarian, you may well find relevant approaches for your practice in the school library chapter. Each chapter considers the context and evidence base for the sector and how EBLIP is developing therein, and provides cases that demonstrate the use of EBLIP in practice. The authors in this section include leading scholars and practitioners who are actively contributing to the conversation about EBLIP today and who demonstrate the concept of evidence-based practice through their professional work. Reflecting the international nature of the EBLIP movement, the contributors have been drawn from the UK, North America and Europe.
Traditionally, research has been undertaken by academics in higher education, faculty members of the professoriate who often have a 40/40/20 work assignment split between teaching, research and service. However, the perennial gap that exists between research and practice in various disciplines, including library and information science (LIS), has encouraged practitioners to conduct research to help inform their own practices. This chapter explores the challenges faced by the practitioner-researcher and the resulting benefits for the individual and the practice.
Academic librarianship is well suited to EBLIP (evidence-based library and information practice). In this chapter, we provide some context as to why this is the case – the rapidly changing role of academic libraries and librarians, as well as higher education institutions more generally. The knowledge base of evidence is described, in terms both of the types of research available and of the size and scope of the available evidence. The knowledge base in academic librarianship is growing quickly, due to research on developing issues in higher education and academic libraries, as well as an increased focus on assessment and evaluation programmes for continuous improvement and demonstrating value. We discuss the types of evidence sources available for academic librarians to draw on beyond the traditional journal article and conference presentation, and examine how librarians are creating evidence, in some cases by collaborating with others who work outside of libraries. Methods used by academic librarians for finding and using evidence to inform decision making are presented, along with considerations regarding organizational climate, or readiness for EBP. We conclude with examples from the academic library sector of successful application of the principles of EBLIP for informing changes in practice and transforming organizational processes.
The political, social, technological and financial landscape in which public libraries operate has undergone dramatic change in recent years, presenting the sector with daily challenges. On an international level, public librarians are spearheading an unprecedented diversification of the sector as libraries become centres for those seeking a vast and multitudinous range of services: from welfare support and employability skills, to digital training, film and code clubs, makerspaces, business and intellectual property centres and exhibition and installation venues. In this shifting environment where practitioners are constantly challenged to ‘demonstrate their value and relevance’ (Irwin and St-Pierre, 2014,1), knowledge of the sectoral evidence base and the need for public librarians to embed ‘evidence based approaches into…[their] working lives’ is ever more crucial (Brettle, 2012a,2). Such evidence, in its various forms, enables library professionals to demonstrate their own impact and that of the services they deliver. This chapter features three case studies chosen to exemplify EBLIP in action in the public library sector.
The historical evidence suggests that the health professions might never have developed EBP had it not been for the development of sophisticated research tools such as PubMed/MEDLINE and the Cochrane Library for identifying authoritative evidence (Eldredge, 2008a). By working with health professionals in using these tools, health librarians were pivotal figures in the development of Evidence Based Medicine (EBM) and the broader EBP movement. From supporting health professionals in EBP, health librarians have gone on to develop and use evidence within their professional practices – EBLIP. This chapter will provide a context for health librarian’s work, describe EBLIP within the health library field and the state of the evidence base, and discuss the types of evidence used by health librarians. Two case studies show how EBLIP has been translated into practice and demonstrate how health librarians continue to push the boundaries of EBLIP. Finally, the future directions for research and EBLIP practice will be considered within a health library context.
School libraries have played an important role in the education of young people around the globe for many decades, but today they are more critical than ever. The school library is often the best-equipped ‘classroom’ for educating digital youth accustomed to self-directed information seeking, personalized learning and content creation. Evidence for what works is increasingly important as education transitions from an industrial-age model of teaching to a digital-age model for learning. What do we want students to learn? How will they best learn it? How will we know that they have learned it? In an attempt to address these questions, school libraries are embracing EBLIP to validate and gain support for new ways of learning. This chapter examines several dimensions of EBLIP and illustrates how evidence-based approaches are changing school libraries and the work of the teacher-librarian.
From the other chapters in this book, one can assess the extent to which EBLIP has had an impact on the recognized LIS sub-fields: academic libraries, public libraries, school libraries and health sciences libraries (where things began).This chapter will put EBLIP into context for the remaining sub-field of special, or non-traditional libraries.
As with any endeavour of this nature, a few definitions are in order so as to establish the scope of what follows. For the purposes of this chapter, a special library may be part of a larger, parent organization; typically has a collection that is focused on one or more topic areas; and has a defined population of customers, so that it may not be available to the general public. Indeed, in a very large organization the special library may be funded by certain segments of the larger organization, so that the library may be available only to those affiliated with those segments of the organization that actively support/fund the library. There are also a couple of generalizations that we can make about special libraries. First, no two special libraries are alike. While most public libraries will offer very similar services and have very similar collections, if this happens with special libraries it is more by chance than by design. Second, special libraries don’t have to exist; there are rarely things like accreditation standards or mandates that compel an organization to maintain a special library. Special libraries exist to provide specific services and develop/maintain a specific collection. If the library fails to do this or those services/collections are no longer needed by the organization, that special library will cease to exist.
The Directory is the only publication to bring together rare book and special collections from all kinds of libraries across the British Isles and is an essential research tool for researchers and librarians throughout the world.
Fully updated since the second edition was published in 1997, this comprehensive and up-to-date guide encompasses collections held in national libraries, academic libraries, public libraries, subscription libraries, clergy libraries, libraries for other professions, school libraries, companies, London clubs, museums and archives, and libraries in stately homes.
Consulting the Directory is an essential first step in a research project and it can answer question such as, “Where can I best research the reception of Jane Austen’s novels?”; “Can I find Civil War tracts in a library near me?”; “Is Thomas Carlyle’s library intact and in the public sphere?”; “Does Britain have the resources to study Nazi school textbooks?”; “How do I arrange my research trip to study Tauchnitz publications?”
Assists libraries to evaluate their special collections according to a ‘unique and distinctive’ model
Enables libraries to make informed decisions about special collections acquisition and collaboration
Entries in the Directory provide full contact details, and descriptions of rare book and named special collections including quantities, particular subject and language strengths, and information about salient features such as provenance.
"...reveals the treasures to be found in the rare books and special collections in the UK and the Republic of Ireland...Attar’s organizational achievement is phenomenal...Internet links are ephemeral and dependent on those who host them; this printed book gives us some guarantee of permanence."
"The best researchers still must master paper and digital worlds. Even knowing where a possible trove exists takes time and diligent snooping. Now in its third edition, this source is what one turns to when looking for rare book holdings—its sole focus...Highly recommended."
"In an increasingly electronic age, the rare, the special and the unique in our libraries becomes all the more important and distinctive. The Directory has become established as a one-stop compendium of information on such material and a comprehensive update of Barry Bloomfield's much respected 1997 edition is very welcome."
"The new edition of the Directory of Rare Book and Special Collections is a long-awaited reference work which will help researchers identify the UK and Republic of Ireland’s great collections of research materials. It provides detailed and authoritative information and is a must for all serious researchers."
"Consulting the invaluable Directory of Rare Book and Special Collections in the UK and Republic of Ireland is often a critical first stage in developing a worthwhile research project in the humanities. Its thoroughness and comprehensiveness serve both the scholar and librarian well."
"Together, institutions in the UK and Ireland hold unrivalled special collections. From our great National Libraries, through university collections to the smaller collections of specialist societies, cathedrals, historic homes, and museums we have a centuries-old tradition of collecting, preserving and giving access. Scholars from around the world and across disciplinary differences rely on the treasures held by libraries listed in the Directory to pursue their research and help us make sense of the world in which we live."
"To dedicated bibliographers, the present edition will make excellent bedtime reading; there are plenty of out-of-the-way collections to discover ... congratulations are in order to the Group, the publisher, and, above all, to the editor for a well accomplished job."
"The new Directory lists 873 libraries, summarising their holdings of pre-1900 imprints with references to key sources of further information. Historical researchers of all kinds can quarry this to find out where large and small libraries are located and how relevant they may be; where collections with particular strengths in folklore, or Napoleon, or playbills, or anything else, can be found (the index of subjects runs to fourteen pages); and what is, and is not, discoverable online."
"The endless work of the ‘harmless drudge,’ the editor, and that of her team cannot be underestimated;producing a reference work of this nature is a labour of love and inevitably the resulting information will vary depending on information supplied and available. Researchers will be glad of this work and it will indeed help those needing to know where to find their research material."
Karen Attar is the Rare Books Librarian at Senate House Library and a Research Fellow of the Institute of English Studies, both of the University of London. She has published widely on library history and aspects of special collections, is the reviews editor for Library & Information History, and in 2012 edited the treasures volume Senate House Library, University of London. Karen's web page can be found here.
Tamara Bertrand received a call from her local sheriff's office around 5am last week saying her store had been burgled.
Fearing the worst, Tamara and her husband, Rob, immediately rushed to their store. She told CBS News, "Our initial reaction when we received the call was obviously worst-case scenario." When they arrived, however, Bertrand said "all we could do was laugh."
Tamara and Rob own and operate NW Escape Experience, an "escape room" where a group of players solve a series of clues to escape a locked room, usually facing a time limit of one hour. The burglar allegedly broke in through an empty suite located next door, stole a beer, a TV remote, and a non-working cell phone, all props used in their escape rooms. Bertrand believes the burglar forgot how he got into the room, panicked, and called the police when he couldn't escape. When he eventually found his way out, he exited the back door into the waiting arms of police officers.
The Bertrands laughed at the incident, but are still wary about future break-ins. Tamara said, "It is still a little nerve-wracking to hear the audio surveillance of the lockers hitting the ground and him getting access into our business. It kind of freaks me out a bit."
Steven Tyler and Aerosmith were on their way to the NBC morning show on Wednesday and a swarm of people were cheering him on, giving high fives and such.
Though, this one fan jumped a barrier to try and take a selfie, though Steven shoved him with ease and just kept going onward to the set.
I doubt many of you are blogging today, but we’re doing our Thanksgiving a little differently this year.
It’s been such a busy time the past few months with my work deadlines, and my husband considering a job change for several months and then making it this past week! I also had a writing conference in St. Louis and then met up with Steve in Orlando for IAAPA, the major theme park convention of the year. It was a huge success for his new company so he’s now engineering some fabulous new rides that you’ll see in parks in a couple of years. So while in Orlando we had to do “research.” That meant Kennedy Space Center’s new shuttle launch ride, Universal, Disney World and Epcot in three days. My head is still spinning. Didn’t care much for Disney World, but I love the expanse and etherial quality of Epcot. We had a luscious dinner upstairs at the Bistro in the French Pavilion.
So with all that, there wasn’t much time for Thanksgiving preparation. And I came home with a sinus/cold thing, so I could barely get through the grocery store. So we’re taking it easy today, gearing up for a small gathering on Saturday instead. It’ll take that long to get the house together since we’ve also been remodeling a bit even with everything else going on.
So I’m thankful this year for the time to relax, to walk our dog Fozzy up Cheney Trail, the time to make some dishes in advance (Grandma’s rice pudding, pumpkin cheesecake and Swedish coffee bread), Steve’s amazing cooking talents, his new job, our sanity the love of friends and family.
I want to send special thoughts and blessings to friend Susan who’s at City of Hope this holiday, to my mother-in-law who had her own health issue recently, and to yoga friend Helen, who was recently diagnosed with breast cancer. Cheers to all!
Effective the 25th of May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 comes into effect. It states that your specific, clear, freely given and unambiguous consent is needed to store your Personal Data on our systems.
FCRA Network S.L., better known as FCRA or FreelanceCRA.com, has previously actively obtained or received your Consent to store and process your Personal Data under these conditions. We will continue to do so until this Consent is withdrawn, or for as long we are required to save it for a clear legal, contractual or administrative reason.
Therefore, we are very committed to keeping your data updated. Please take a moment to send us your latest Curriculum Vitae or Project requirements via our Contact page.
Please know that you are always free to exercise your privacy rights to access, review, modify, and delete your Personal Data that we have saved, or to object to or restrict processing of your Personal Data, or request portability of your Personal Data, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (EU) 2016/679.
We will gladly assist you in exercising your privacy rights. You can contact our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@freelancecra.com or via our Personal Data Query Request Form
We have reviewed our current Standard Operating Procedures, and have updated our policies and databases to be compliant with the new General Data Protection Regulation.
We have concluded that your Personal Data is safe with us and has always been handled in line with the intent of the new General Data Protection Regulations.
Up to now, we have worked in accordance with the current Data Protection Regulation (Directive 95/46/EC), and stored your Data on encrypted servers or behind lock and key in offices with no public access.
We have always respected your right to access, review, modify, and delete your Personal Data that we process in accordance with European and Member State Laws.
We have been available to exercise your right to object to or restrict processing of your Personal Data, or request portability of your Personal Data.
We have always, and will always, reach out to you to verify accuracy of the Personal Data we have stored.
We have without fail obtained your Personal Consent before sharing your Personal Data, or a part thereof, with our Clients or any other third-party.
As from the 25th of May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation will be applied throughout our business processes. We cordially invite you to read our updated Data Protection & Privacy Notice for Personal Data, and welcome any questions you might have for us.
FCRA Network S.L. (hereinafter “FCRA”, “us”, “we”, “our”) is aware of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) valid as of the 25th of May 2018, which replaces the Data Protection Regulation (Directive 95/46/EC), and has implemented all known requirements in its internal management system (“IMS”).
The purpose of the GDPR is to provide a set of standardised data protection laws across all the Member States of the EEA. This should make it easier for EU citizens to understand how their data is being used.
FCRA Network S.L. and its network of worldwide consultancy Service Providers are committed to protecting your Personal Data, as we recognize your privacy rights as a data subject, and your right to confidentiality as a data controller or processor.
In this Data Protection & Privacy Notice (“Notice”), we explain our data protection and privacy practices and provide information on how and why we collect, use and share your Personal Data through our interaction with you, our clients and third parties, to carry out our services and processes with the aim to fulfil our legitimate business interests.
We aim to be transparent by providing information to individuals and organizations about how we will collect and use their Personal Data in our organisation.
We assure you that any cases of a breach of your Personal Data will be reported to you within 72 hours of FCRA becoming aware of a breach, and we commit to informing an applicable independent Supervisory Data Authority concerned, if and when mutually agreed with you, or legally obliged by applicable law(s).
Legal information about the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which regulates the privacy rights of Personal Data can be found on https://gdpr-info.eu/
We aim to be transparent by providing information to individuals about how we will collect and use their Personal Data in our organisation.
We aim to always process your Personal Data in accordance with our mutual agreement, and with due diligence, maintaining the highest level of confidentiality.
We aim to always provide clear and fair information on how your Personal Data is used, and we will be transparent about what information we collect and how it is, or will be processed.
Within available organizational and technological means, we will take measures to protect your Personal Data from being used without your consent and will keep it secure from the moment it arrives, as part of our business processes.
We aim to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations. In case of any data loss we will inform relevant supervisory authorities in the applicable country.
Data controller: the organization (a legal person, agency, public authority, etc.) or the natural person which, alone or depending on the organization and Personal Data processing activity, in collaboration with others defines what needs to happen with the Personal Data (and also collects Personal Data) and obviously is key in Personal Data protection.
Data processor: By contracts, a Data processor means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the controller (excluding the data controller’s own employees).
Data Subject: A Data subject means a person or organization whose personal or confidential details are collected and processed for various purposes.
Receiving Party: means, with respect to particular Personal or Confidential Data, the Party that receives such data.
Confidential Business Data: data that an institution, company or individual should not reveal to a third party without the consent of the client or data controller or a clear legal reason, such as, but not limited to, proprietary business data or sensitive market information with regards to pending projects, which can include secret formulas, processes, and methods used in production. Confidential Business Data might contain Personal Data.
Consent: “Consent” of the data subject means any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of Personal Data relating to him or her.
Personal Data: means any Personal Data or data that could allow you to be identified. Personal Data is, for instance, data or information relating to identifiable individuals, such as job applicants, current and former employees, agency, contract and other staff, clients, suppliers and marketing contacts.
Examples of Personal Data we gather may include, but are not limited to: individuals’ contact details, educational background, financial and pay details, details of certificates and diplomas, education and skills, marital status, nationality, job title, CVs and other information a data subject might share with FCRA.
Personal data breach: means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed;
Sensitive Personal Data: means any Personal Data or data that could allow you to be identified that is of a more sensitive nature. Examples of Sensitive Personal Data are for instance an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or similar beliefs, trade union membership (or non-membership), genetic or biometric data, physical or mental health or condition, criminal offences, or related proceedings.
Please note that FCRA does not actively use, collect, determine or disclose Sensitive Personal Data without your consent, other than as required by law.
it could legally or physically impact your ability to perform the services we, or our clients, request from you, or that you offer to FCRA and/or its client.
In case we are the Receiving Party to Sensitive Personal Data, we will process this sensitive data in accordance with this privacy Notice.
Supervisory authority concerned: means a supervisory authority which is concerned by the processing of Personal Data because:
the controller or processor is established on the territory of the Member State of the EEA of that supervisory authority;
data subjects residing in the Member State of the EEA of that supervisory authority are substantially affected or likely to be substantially affected by the processing; or a complaint has been lodged with that supervisory authority
FCRA Network S.L. is a commercial network of independent clinical research consultants, such as, but not limited to, Clinical Research Associates, Regulatory Submission Specialists, Clinical Trial Liaisons or smaller local CRO companies (our “Service Provider”).
FCRA aims to match staffing request of, amongst others, Research Institutes, Pharmaceutical Sponsors and Contract Research Organizations (our “Client”) with potential Service Providers in its network, based on Personal Data stored in its databases (our “Business”), and progress to develop a consultancy agreement with both client and Service Provider for a specific project. FCRA is available to assist both Client and Service Provider throughout the project, but the project management and the project communication and information flow is usually direct between the client’s project manager and FCRA’s Service Provider.
As a consultancy agency our core business is knowing the capacity that specific consultancy resources have available in certain geographical areas, and under which local market conditions, and to match this to a Client’s requirement. Therefore, the exchange and storage of Personal Data and the management and retention thereof, is at the heart of our business, and fundamental for our continued existence and the continuity of our Services.
In order maintain, expand and further develop our business, and to be able to support the needs of our Clients and our Service providers, we assess that it is our legitimate business interest to record and retain larger amounts of Personal Data of prospective and current Service providers, as well as Client contacts, current and past projects, requirements, and Confidential Business Data (as described in a separate policy, and governed by signed Confidentiality agreements, or contract); all for prolonged periods of time.
Historical file version tracking provides us with means to track a candidate’s talent development and experience over the years, as well as detect fraud. Having a current and continuously updated HR database enables us to meet our Client’s and Service Provider’s needs. Retaining Client data allows us to analyse our business processes, to stay competitive and on the cutting edge of each local resource market where we operate. This is all useful business data that is used regularly.
The Personal Data we retain is continuously refreshed and is not in our databases for the off-chance it might be useful one day. It is an essential part of our daily process of assessing requirement, selection, contracting and placement of Service Providers on the projects of our Clients.
FCRA may with legitimate interest actively or passively collect, or be the Receiving Party of, Personal Data about you from different sources, including:
We may collect, or be the Receiving Party of, Personal Data from you directly when you send an email to FCRA or register on our FCRA website (www.FreelanceCRA.com) and provide your CV and other documents, sign up to receive information, use applications, buy service from us, fill out a survey, or make a comment or enquiry. The types of Personal Data we may collect from you directly include, but may not be limited to: name, address, email address, user name, contact details, bank account number or other payment information, age, date of birth, gender, Curriculum Vitae, and any other Personal Data you voluntarily provide to us.
We may collect information from you directly when you provide us with personal information, e.g. when you register for prize draws or competitions, sign up to receive information, use applications, buy a product or service from us, fill out a survey, or make a comment or enquiry. The types of information we may collect from you directly include your:
We (and third-party service providers acting on our behalf) may use, or be the Receiving Party of, cookies and other tools (such as web analytic tools and pixel tags) to automatically collect Personal Data about you when you use FCRA Sites, subject to the terms of this Data Protection and Privacy Notice and applicable data laws and regulations. The types of Personal Data collected automatically as the Receiving Party may include: information about the type of browser you use, details of the web pages you have viewed, your IP address, the hyperlinks you have clicked, your user name, profile picture, gender, networks and any other information you choose to share when using Third Party Sites.We (and third party service providers acting on our behalf) use cookies and other tools (such as web analytic tools and pixel tags) to automatically collect information about you when you use Unilever Sites, subject to the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data laws and regulations. The types of information collected automatically may include:
your user name, profile picture, gender, networks and any other information you choose to share when using Third Party Sites (such as when you use the “Like” functionality on Facebook or the +1 functionality on Google+)
We may request, or be the Receiving Party of, Personal Data about you from other legitimate sources, including information from commercially available sources, such as public databases and data aggregators, and information from third parties. For instance, FCRA cooperates with platforms which allow FCRA to place their advertisements and allow people to submit contact data, their CVs and other documents, to be used by FCRA for legitimate business interests.
The Purpose Limitation principle prevents FCRA from using Personal Data for any other reason than it was intended for at the time of collection. The only exception to this is if the new purpose is compatible with the old one.
A large part of FCRA’s database contains, amongst other information, Personal Data of potential Service Providers as well as Confidential Business Data of pending or running clinical, observational, epidemiological or medical device registries, studies, trials or market research projects (“project” or “projects”).
Any Personal Data provided by you to FCRA through, but limited to, registration, administration, contract data, project data or CV submission, with and use of, the website or our applications (“Apps”), such as e-mail, Docusign Platform, or other third-party technological service providers, will only be used for the following purposes by FCRA:
defining areas of interest to you and improving the services to meet clients’ and providers’ requirements, including compiling information relating to users’ movements across the website; and
handling orders, delivering products and services, processing payments and invoices, communicating with you about orders, products and services and generally maintaining your account; and
advising you of other products and services which may be of interest; (v) providing, only with your clear, unambiguous and freely given consent, your contact details and other facilitating information (such as Blinded CVs and Open CVs, or company and project information) to interested parties; and
administer, operate, protect and maintain the Website, Apps or Services, and improve the use, service and support thereof by clients, providers and other interested visitors investigate; and
prevent fraudulent activities and data entries, unauthorized access to the Website, Apps or Services, and other illegal activities; and respond to inquiries and requests; and
to provide you with information and access to resources that you have requested or might interest you; and
register you to become part of the supporting services FCRA provides to its Clients and Service Providers, such as training, or ad-hoc consultancy.
We and our third-party marketing service providers may also use the Personal Data which data subjects send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with applicable law and/or agreements we have in place. However, you may opt out of our marketing by contacting us.
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
Data processing shall be lawful only if and to the extent that at least one of the following applies:
the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her Personal Data for one or more specific purposes;
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract;
processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person;
processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of Personal Data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
If you are from outside the EEA, please check with a local lawyer what the local lawful bases of processing local data are. It is important to remember that no matter what your location of business is, IF you process the data of a citizen living within the EEA, you are bound to abide by the GDPR rules and regulations.
If we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our or a third party’s legitimate interests and those interests are not already listed above (see “Data We Use” section), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Us” section below.
FCRA will only collect, use or disclose your Personal Data in accordance with the intent of the GDPR legislation and with your clear consent (see definition below).
In every case your direct Personal Data is shared with third parties, we will ask for your specific consent explicitly.
In case we would like to use your indirect Personal Data for various or several occasions, such as for the use of a blinded CV, we will ask for a specific consent for a prolonged period of time.
By using a FCRA Network website or third-party platforms for placing your Personal Data, you are consenting to FCRA collecting, using and disclosing your Personal Data in accordance with this Data Protection and Privacy Notice.
Before submitting, FCRA will ask you to actively consent to the use as per our purpose limitations as described in this Notice.
If you do not agree clearly, freely and unambiguously to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data via the website, please do not use the contact page of www.FreelanceCRA.com, or any other websites owned by FCRA Network S.L.
If you already gave a specific and informed consent, but later decided differently, please take affirmative action and let us know via a clear statement, and we will remove all your data from our systems and databases, within legal limits in accordance with the GDPR legislation.
If Personal Data has two or more controllers jointly determining the purposes and means of processing, they shall be joint controllers. A concrete example for our business segment might be a Sponsored study, performed by a CRO, where the CRO processes Personal Data together with the Sponsor, as well as our Service Providers. Sponsor, CRO and Service Provider might use existing Personal Data, or create new Personal Data of data subjects participating in a data-generating project they jointly manage for different purposes.
The joint controllers shall in that case in a transparent manner determine their respective responsibilities for compliance with the obligations under this Regulation, in particular as regards the exercising of the rights of the data subject and their respective duties to provide the information referred to in Articles 13 and 14 of the GDPR relations, by means of an arrangement between them unless, and in so far as, the respective responsibilities of the controllers are determined by law to which the controllers are subject.
Most countries which enforce a data protection legislation, including the EEA, provide you, the data subject, with the rights and opportunity to access, review, modify, and delete your Personal Data which is collected via our Website, Apps or via our Services for our legitimate interest, our account management, billing or marketing purposes and where required by applicable law. If you live outside of the EEA, please check your privacy rights locally.
In addition to your rights to access, review, modify, and delete your Personal Data, if you are from the EEA, you may have broader rights to access and delete your Personal Data, to object to or restrict processing of your Personal Data, or request portability of your Personal Data, in accordance with the European and local GDPR legislation.
If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time, should you choose to do so. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
To make such requests, you can send an email to dataprotection@freelancecra.com or write to us at the mailing address in the “Contact Us” section below. We will consider and handle all requests in accordance with applicable laws.
You also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority at any time.
You may at any time ask us to remove you from our mailing list by sending us an email at dataprotection@freelancecra.com. We will remove you from our mailing list in accordance with applicable laws.
To request that your phone number be removed from future sales calls, please email dataprotection@freelancecra.com.
FCRA provides staffing services to Clients, as well as to Service Providers in this business segment. With your consent, we may share your Personal Data with our trusted business partners based in Europe and out of Europe.
our advertising, marketing and promotional agencies to help us deliver and analyse the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and promotions
third parties required to deliver a product or service to you, such as a delivery or postal service delivering a product that you have ordered
law enforcement or government authorities where they have followed due legal process to request us to disclose the information
third parties who wish to send you information about their products and services, but only if you have given us consent to do so
If we do share your personal information with another Unilever Group company or with trusted third parties, we shall use our best efforts to ensure that they keep your information secure, take all reasonable steps to protect it from misuse and only use it in a manner consistent with our instructions, this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection laws and regulations.
We may also share your Personal Data with other companies, organisations or individuals in relation to the services we provide, ensuring that the disclosure of the Personal Data is only necessary to meet our legal requirements and obligations.
In each case when your Personal Data is shared with a third-party, we will inform you about the purpose for which your data will be used, with whom the data will be shared, how long it will be kept in our databases/ systems.
FCRA or any of its Service Providers within or outside of the EEA, consistent with this Notice for data processing, or signed agreements;
Law enforcement agencies, regulatory or governmental bodies, or other third parties to respond to legal process, comply with any legal obligation; protect or defend our rights, interests or property or that of third parties; prevent or investigate wrongdoing in connection with the Website, Apps or our Services;
Any third parties in connection with prospective or actual, sale, merger, acquisition, financing or reorganization of our business
This Notice does not apply to, nor are we responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which our Website links, including but not limited to, social media sites. The inclusion of a link on the Website does not imply our endorsement of the linked site or service.
In general, when processing Personal Data to provide our Services, we do so only when legally or administratively required to do so, and on behalf of our Clients and Service providers in accordance with their instructions. This means that if you wish to access, review, modify or delete any Personal Data we process on behalf of a Client or Service Provider under applicable EEA law or otherwise, you should contact that Client or Service Provider with your request. We will then help them to fulfil that request in accordance with their instructions.
We assure you that all the Personal Data submitted to FCRA will be kept confidential and secure once it reaches our hosted servers. For our website and business processes we aim to contract third-party providers that use reliable point-to-point encryption methods for data transfer, are GDPR compliant and based within the EEA.
The Personal Data will be processed (by means of a computer database or otherwise) by FCRA in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation effective 25th of May 2018, or our signed mutual agreements.
We take all reasonable technical and organizational precautions to keep your Personal Data secure and require any third parties that we work with who handle or process your Personal Data for us to do the same. Access to your Personal Data is restricted to prevent unauthorised access, modification or misuse and is only permitted among FCRA and any third parties strictly related to our business processes and the services we provide.
FCRA has no control over or responsibility for the security or privacy policies or practices of other sites on the Internet you might visit, interact with, or from which you might buy products or Services, even if you visit them using links from our Website.
Please note that no website, mobile app or service is completely secure and so, while we endeavour to protect your Personal Data using the measures described above, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or a data breach will not occur.
Your Personal Data is classified based on the data you share with us, and a parsing system might be used to file your data to be able to match searches to output requirements. Most of data handling and data assessment is performed by FCRA employees or qualified Service Providers, and not performed by any automated systems.
We inform you that FCRA sees it as a legitimate interest of the potential and existing candidates, clients and FCRA to maintain Personal Data in our system from the moment a data subject gives Consent until this Consent is withdrawn, or for as long as there is a legal, contractual or administrative reason to store and process Personal Data. Data is deleted the moment Purpose limitation applies, or if it is no longer being stored according to our Legitimate interest.
For existing clients, we are often required to keep confidential and Personal Data on file for anywhere between 5 and 15 years, depending on the contractual agreement.
For further explanations of our legitimate business interests to store Personal Data for prolonged periods of time, please refer to the legitimate interest section.
Personal Data contained in legal and administrative documents can be accessed, rectified and updated, but not transferred, erased, objected to, or restricted in processing. Contracts will be kept on file as long as FCRA is legally required to, or for as long as any clause of a contracts remains active or FCRA has a legitimate interest to save these contracts.
GDPR states that when data is no longer needed for the purpose it was collected, it should be deleted, and that we shouldn’t keep hold of data on the off-chance that it may be useful in the future.
Therefore, FCRA will store data needed for its processes for as long as both FCRA and the data subject agree there is a legitimate interest in doing so, or for as long as FCRA is legally or administratively required to do so.
Our Integrated Management System describes business processes to continuously delete or update data that has become outdated or obsolete.
Your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. Specifically, Personal Data collected in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the Rest of the World (“ROW”), may be transferred to and stored on third-party servers in the United States, Canada, Australia, United Kingdom (anticipating Brexit in 2019), Switzerland, and potentially in other countries where our third-party service providers and partners operate. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws in your country or the EEA (and in some cases, may not be as protective). For our business processes we aim to contract third-party providers that are trusted and well-established, use reliable point-to-point encryption methods for data transfer, and that are GDPR compliant.
If we change our Notice, we will post those changes on this page with 30 days’ notice in addition to updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this webpage. If we make changes, we will notify you more directly, for example by posting a notification or message on the Website or by emailing you prior to such changes taking effect. We encourage you to review this Notice regularly to stay informed of the latest modifications.
Should we see a legitimate interest to use your Personal Data in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection your data, we will notify you, and you will have a choice as to whether we can use or process your Personal Data in such a way.
Given that our core activities consist of processing operations which, by virtue of their nature, their scope and/or their purposes, require regular and systematic monitoring of data subjects on a larger scale, we have assigned a Data Protection Officer.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about how we handle your Personal Data, please please fill in the form (see: Personal Data Query Request Form) or send your clear request to FCRA’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”)
To request help from us in case of any other questions related to your Personal Data that we might hold in our systems.
Effective the 25th of May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 apply. It states that your specific, clear, freely given and unambiguous consent is needed to store your Personal Data on our systems.
Please know that you are always free to exercise your privacy rights to access, review, modify, and delete your Personal Data that we have saved, or to object to or restrict processing of your Personal Data, or request portability of your Personal Data, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
We have concluded that your Personal Data is safe with us and has always been handled in line with the intent of the new General Data Protection Regulation.
As a dictaphone-player, he was one fifth of Derek Bailey's final band Limescale, and has played with many of the UK's best improvisors. He was also half of the bricks and dictaphone duo Pleasure-Drenching Improvers. As a poet (writing under his government name, Stuart Calton) he's published four books. Three came out on Barque Press and one is self-published. His fifth and sixth are awaiting publication.
As a composer, he's completed sixteen and a half albums of musique concrète, electronic music and various dubious overdubbed semi-improvised amalgams. Most of these have been on sale at Fenland Hi-Brow Recordings for years, but are now being made freely available on Free Music Archive instead. I'm supposed to be a Communist after all. Plus there's a recession on, right? Is your Moms sending you money?
But the rest, right, are now PHYSICAL OBJECTS on Council of Drent (www.councilofdrent.com) These new ones are called "Whole Head Spring Finch", "Doomed Shop! (Part One)", "Cup Penis Open Penis Cup" and the various artists' Jeff Keen tribute joint "Cut Up... Melt Down... Respray!!". Buy everything. TAKE THAT AND PARTY.
I dunno wot to say, evry time I drop the needle on these trax I start hallunicatin like I'm at Maggie Thatcher's funeral, & me n my mates is all laughin n dancin n goin up n down on the same beat, til me mum starts shriekin at us to turn it down or she'll sell off my beats. OY I sez, foke off, I said I wouldn't spend the dole cheque on music an I didn't, did I? The Drenching's bloody well free now, an it's a free country more or less, an anyway I think she's startin to like this shite, reminds her of Prince she says when he was still in good nick.
Shocked to have found this! So prolific and generous. Amazing! Shame the world is not communist yet. If this is to lead the way somehow, good times are ahead.
i've just listened to three of these albums (bitches in winter, cup tree, food miles) and each one is so distinct, while all of them are great. what a ride, and we get it for free! thank you for making this available.
On 21 October, SEB Heategevusfond organised a career day for young people who do not have a family to support them. The topics of the career day were financial intelligence, the threats and opportunities of the digital world and the basic rules of the labour market. Other key topics were human relationships and teamwork.
On the initiative of the non-profit association SEB Heategevusfond, this year's Tallinn Marathon and Sügisjooks – the sports event with the biggest number of participants in Estonia’s 100-year-history – included children from safe houses and substitute homes along with family parents. Small running enthusiasts put themselves to the test at Mesikäpa Children's Races, while older children ran 5 km and 10 km distances.
On the last Wednesday of August, another football day took place under the leadership of the non-profit association SEB Heategevusfond, where children in substitute homes and safe houses got to play football with footballers, and in the evening, witness the exciting match between FC Flora and FCI Levadia at A. Le Coq Arena.
Participate Thank you, if you have already supported our charity programme or if you are going to do it in the future!	Sign a standing payment order contract in SEB Internet Bank for 3 euros a month or support with a single donation.
Find great deals for north of the dmz : essays on daily life in north korea by andrei lankov (2007, paperback) shop with confidence on ebay. North of the dmz however would carry a lot more analysis of the country as a whole if interested in the gulags within north korea, blaine harden's escape from camp 14 is a thrilling and harrowing true life account of one man's awful life, having been born in the camp of subversive parent's, and his ultimate escape. The real north korea: life and politics in the failed stalinist utopia - ebook written by andrei lankov read this book using google play books app on your pc, android, ios devices download for offline reading, highlight, bookmark or take notes while you read the real north korea: life and politics in the failed stalinist utopia. The book introduces the political system and the extent to which it permeates citizens' daily lives discusses the schools, the economic system, and family life treats the changes that have taken place in north korea over the last decade--provided by publisher. The kim dynasty has ruled north korea for over 60 years most of that period has found the country suffering under mature stalinism characterized by manipulation, brutality and tight social control nevertheless, some citizens of kim jong il s regime manage to transcend his tyranny in their daily.
North_of_the_dmz_essays_on_daily_life_in_north_koreapdf charmant pÃ©tard: traduction du best-seller beautiful bombshell (590 reads) expÃ©riences (le septiÃ¨me. North of the dmz: essays on daily life in korea, by andrei lankov [publisher’s description] the kim dynasty has ruled north korea for over 60 years most of that period has found the country suffering under mature stalinism characterized by manipulation, brutality and tight social control. North of the dmz: essays on daily life in north korea (9780786428397): andrei lankov: books nothing to envy: ordinary lives in north korea ebook: barbara demick: kindle store the two books above are very well written accounts about life in north korea, and the best known.
Browse and read north of the dmz essays on daily life in north korea north of the dmz essays on daily life in north korea find the secret to improve the quality of [pdf] the mysterious fayum portraits: faces from ancient egyptpdf. [185283] - north of the dmz essays on daily life in north korea north of the dmz is a series of short essays so it is easily digestible however since the essays. Table of contents for north of the dmz : essays on daily life in north korea / andrei lankov bibliographic record and links to related information available from the library of congress catalog note: contents data are machine generated based on pre-publication provided by the publisher. Data indicates that the prevalence of smoking in north korea is on par with south korea, although south korean men pick up the habit earlier and smoke more cigarettes per day north of the dmz: essays on daily life in north korea jefferson: mcfarland.
Download north of the dmz essays on daily life in korea andrei lankov north of the dmz pdf location the korean demilitarized zone intersects but does not follow the 38th parallel north, which was the. Why we are the best site for downloading this north of the dmz essays on daily life in north korea of course, you can choose guide in numerous documents kinds and also media seek ppt, txt, pdf, word. Buy north of the dmz: essays on daily life in north korea by andrei lankov (isbn: 9780786428397) from amazon's book store everyday low prices and free delivery on eligible orders.
North korea’s political and social system, economy, and foreign policy—including the nuclear crisis with the united states and its unstable relationship with south korea—will be our main subjects. Best books like north of the dmz: essays on daily life in north korea : #1 the hidden people of north korea: everyday life in the hermit kingdom #2 the c home my books. The kim dynasty has ruled north korea for over 60 years most of that period has found the country suffering under mature stalinism characterized by manipulation, brutality and tight social control. Read online or download north of the dmz: essays on daily life in north korea pdf best history books download pdf by chris harman: a people's history of the world richard seymour, new statesman wrote: a people's background of the realm is the 1st try and supply a unmarried, obtainable, grass-roots account of the improvement of human.
Read north of the dmz: essays on daily life in north korea essays on daily life in north korea by andrei lankov with rakuten kobo the kim dynasty has ruled north korea for over 60 years most of that period has found the country suffering under matur.
North of the dmz is a series of short essays, so it is easily digestible however since the essays were written at different times and collected together later they can be repetitive this was my first book on the democratic people's republic of korea, and it was all new to me.
Throughout the world different systems have been used to mark the passage of time, but it has been common for cultures to count the passing of years from a specific event in their pastfor example, the ancient greeks counted years from the first olympic games (which correlates to 776 bc), while the romans based their calendar on the founding year of rome (traditionally 753 bc. Members of aboriginal, torres strait islander and maori communities are advised that this catalogue contains names and images of deceased people. Buy north of the dmz: essays on daily life in north korea by a n lankov (isbn: 9780786451418) from amazon's book store everyday low prices and free delivery on eligible orders. North of the dmz essays on daily life in north korea download north of the dmz pdfkorean demilitarized zone - wikipedia1stopkoreacom - your source for korea and all things koreankorean dmz conflict - wikipediadmz vets - second indianhead division association.
Remarkable stability and non-slip rubberized pads make this laptop stand a highly dependable, rock-steady companion – and with all the adjustment options, you are in full control with its flexibility. We know you love your gear, so go for the rock-steady choice!
Helaas is er ook geen alternatief meer, VirtualDJ had Spotify integratie maar die werkt inmiddels ook niet meer (onderst... lees verder
Fairmount Park Conservancy Honors President of Saint-Gobain with Centennial Award for Corporate Stewardship
The Fairmount Park Conservancy recognized John Crowe, president and CEO of Saint-Gobain and CertainTeed Corporations, with the Centennial Award for Corporate Stewardship at the 8th Annual Centennial Celebration on May 5 at the Horticulture Center.
EPA Recognizes Saint-Gobain's Leadership in Energy Conservation with ENERGY STAR Award for Seventh Consecutive Year; Fifth Year at Sustained Excellence Level
Saint-Gobain, the world leader in sustainable environments, announces it has been awarded the ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Award by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for the fifth consecutive year.
The Philadelphia Chapter of the Public Relations Society of America (PRSA) recognized Saint-Gobain's public relations campaigns at its 46th Annual Pepperpot and Achievement Awards Gala on December 2, 2014. Saint-Gobain was the recipient of three awards, including two first-place awards for campaigns submitted in the Community Relations and Integrated Communications categories as well as, for the first-time ever, the "Best in Show" Award.
We have been awarded nearly £25,000 from the National Lottery Local Heritage Intuitive to carry out an Archaeological/ Historical investigation of the St Ives Estate. Two Archaeologists from Bradford University are leading this, Dr Angela Redmond and John Mc Ilwaine. Early investigations are very exciting showing people have lived and worked on the Estate for as long as 6000 years. We will keep you informed of developments as we come across them
Anyone with any historical information either factual or folklore please let us know however trivial it may seem...
Ancient building at the rear of the mansion. Does anyone know what the stone in the foreground is? Have you ever looked at the four spires on the Parish church tower in Bingley?
A strange anomaly by the picnic area, reputed to be an old stone sarcophagus--But is it? How old is this really? Does anyone know about this?
John Baxter and Bill Marshall looking at the so-called "Fairfax Entrenchment" What is the true story of this feature? Could this be Neolithic?
We offer highly-specialized and comprehensive programs to assist people of all ages, develop a sense of identity and purpose for under-privileged youth so they may fulfill their highest potential, and help victims of domestic violence discover life skills that will enable them to cope successfully with their transition from victim to survivor.
Keep a Clear Mind is a program component of Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA) that provides a comprehensive and beneficial curriculum, with proven results in helping students resist peer pressure to use drugs and educates parents on how to begin the conversation with their child(ren) about drug use. The Keep a Clear Mind program facilitates parent-child dialogue about the use of alcohol, tobacco and marijuana. Together, parents and their children learn about the dangers of these substances and practice ways to say no. As part of the lessons, parents learn about their important role and have the opportunity to communicate with their child(ren) the expectation that their child(ren) will not use these substances.
Domestic Violence does not discriminate. It crosses all social, racial, educational and other demographics boundaries. Therefore, the need for preventative education is vital to the protection and safety of victims and potential victims of domestic violence.
Friends of Yates, Inc. offers many resources to assist the community in raising its awareness about the issues related to domestic violence. Our Community Outreach Educator has training modules for community groups, corporations, churches, schools, and other agencies looking for resources, presentations and support related to domestic violence. Please contact our Community Outreach Educator at 913-321-1566 to book a speaker or training.
The Bridge S.P.A.N. Program is a hospital based victim advocacy program created with the purpose of acting as a link between hospitals and clinics to community resource that are necessary to assist domestic violence survivors in breaking the cycle of violence.
The Bridge S.P.A.N. Program of Della Gill/Joyce H. Williams Center offers survivors the following components:
• Technical Assistance with developing hospital wide protocols and procedures in meeting National Accreditation Standards.
Pathway to Advocacy for Violence Free Living, & Economic Empowerment (P.A.V.E.). Is a special, voluntary program for families needing assistance from the Department of Children and Families (DCF) and is an approved alternative to traditional work requirements.
The purpose of this program is to provide client-centered advocacy services to meet the needs of the participant, such as; safety planning; individual and group counseling; legal advocacy; and job search/employment related services. In addition, through P.A.V.E., Friends of Yates, Inc. will incorporate prevention services, which include parenting education workshops, healthy relationship education; and a public awareness campaign.
In addition, P.A.V.E. is a program based on your needs while in P.A.V.E., advocates may help you with safety planning, shelter, support groups, counseling, court, and economic advocacy, prevention education in healthy relationships, financial literacy and help with your goals related to work or training.
In honor of Black History Month; Friends of Yates, Inc. hosts its annual Black Men and Women of Distinction Ceremony to recognize the community’s African American heroes. The Black Men & Women of Distinction award is presented to African-American Men and Women who have worked tirelessly to become trailblazers in their Professional, Educational and Social aspirations. Through these individual’s commitment to excellence, lives have been transformed and empowered to greatness.
The Crime Awareness Coordinating Effort (C.A.C.E.) was developed after the death of a 10 year old girl in Kansas City, Kansas. This tragic event created uproar among many community leaders throughout Kansas City, Kansas. On Tuesday, October 27, 1998, a community forum was called by Friends of Yates, Inc. and the Baptist Minister’s Union to bring together community leaders to discuss possible solutions and raise awareness about the heightened threat of violence in the area. 19 years later, Friends of Yates, Inc., Wyandotte County Office of District Attorney’s Victim Assistance Program and the Kansas City, Kansas Police Dept. Victim Services Unit are still holding the forum and candle lighting service during National Crime Victims’ Rights Week every year. Check Below to see a past C.A.C.E event.
Haunted Hallow Come with a lot of new decorations to decorate your Halloween farm..Check out the items below and please don’t forget to share this news with friends if you find the post helpful.
Gracious living outdoor sheds, wooden garden tool shed uk, build me a garden shed, plans for firewood storage shed
This handy garden tool hanger is ideal for keeping essentials tools close to hand for jobs around the garden and home.
Made from sustainably sourced wood, this excellent tool hanger is ideal for keeping your shed, garage or boot room tidy.
Stylish and practical, this wall mounted hanger features groves to hold up to four large, long handled garden tools such as forks and spades. It also features 6 smaller groves for storing smaller hand held tools by their hanging loops. You have 28 days, from receipt of cancellable goods, to notify the seller if you wish to cancel your order or exchange an item.
Read more about our returns policy.Should you choose to return or exchange your order you will need to deliver the item(s) to the UK, where this seller is based. This item will be sent through the Global Shipping Programme and includes international tracking. MH STAR Group now has branches worldwide with branches in America, Canada, Germany and France, Italy and Spain . Here at MH STAR UK LTD, our aim is to provide you with the best possible choice of high quality and affordable products. If you need any help or advice, please don't hesitate to contact one of our experienced and friendly advisors who will be more than happy to assist.
Orders will be despatched within the next 2 working days after confirmation of your payment. Tracking details for your item will be available once your item has been despatched if you require them. Our standard delivery to UK Mainland postcodes excludes Northern Ireland & Scottish Highlands.
If in the unlikely event you need to return your items to us within 14 working days, please contact us via the eBay messaging system "contact the seller" (found on your eBay Order) so that a return authorisation is issued. If an item develops a fault within the 3 month warranty period offered, please contact us through the eBay messaging system "contact the seller" (found on your eBay Order) or by phone 0844 243 6363, and our UK service team will reply to you within 24 hours.
Please call us on 08442436363 or email through the eBay messaging system "contact the seller" (found on your eBay Order) and our UK service team will reply to you within 24 hours.
Most purchases from business sellers are protected by the Consumer Contract Regulations 2013 which give you the right to cancel the purchase within 14 days after the day you receive the item. Will usually dispatch within 1 working day of receiving cleared payment - opens in a new window or tab.
If youa€™re not delighted with your purchase or our service, or find the same product elsewhere for less, please tell us so that we can put it right.
An essential for the garden shed, garage or utility room, this wall-mountable birchwood rack keeps tools off the floor whilst ensuring everything is in easy reach. If at any time, or for any reason, you're not completely happy with your purchase(s), we'll give you a full refund with no fuss, no time limit and with free return postage. To do this, it would be really helpful if you could call one of our friendly Customer Services Advisors on 015394 88100 first, as there are occasions when it may not be necessary for you to be inconvenienced by sending a product back to us. If you’re not delighted with your purchase or our service, or find the same product elsewhere for less, please tell us so that we can put it right.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. This miniature rake and shovel set is perfectly sized for terrariums as well as traditional house plants. By clicking Confirm bid, you are committing to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder and have read and agree to the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions - opens in a new window or tab. By clicking 1 Click Bid, you are agreeing to buy this item from the seller if you're the winning bidder. If the item comes direct from a manufacturer, it may be delivered in non-retail packaging, such as a plain or unprinted box or plastic bag. Our storage shed is the perfect solution for those limited on space or those that don't need a huge garden shed!
You can contact us anytime through the eBay messaging system via "Contact the seller" (found on your eBay Order ) and our UK service team will reply to you within 24 hours. Our objective is to maintain high standards of quality and service to make your life better. If you are returning items because you have changed your mind, you are liable for the return postage. However, if you have any issues in regard to your order, we have a dedicated UK based customer service centre who will be delighted to help and resolve any issues that may arise .
Find out more about your rights as a buyer - opens in a new window or tab and exceptions - opens in a new window or tab. Yet, with a small footprint of only 5'10 x 2'7 this compact, handy wooden storage unit is ideal where space is at a premium.
By clicking Confirm bid you commit to buy this item from the seller if you are the winning bidder. Import charges previously quoted are subject to change if you increase you maximum bid amount.
If you reside in an EU member state besides UK, import VAT on this purchase is not recoverable. Sorry if this seems a little long but the time frame is dictated by your bank or card issuer and we have no control over it.
Durable and high quality, the perfect addition to any garden.a€? This garden storage is ideal for storing garden equipment such as hoses, plant pots, tools and garden accessoriesa€? This wooden garden storage is a stylish alternative to a shed. Specifications include OSB solid sheet (resin board, similar to chipboard) to the roof and floor, with 8mm overlap cladding upon a larger-than-usual 27 x 45mm framing to the walls. Supplied basecoat treated in a primer coat of timber treatment at the factory, which should be refreshed after assembly and annually thereafter.
Vertical storage carousel Building shed with basement Garden plastic storage shed Barn plans free download Free garage plans pdf Free bicycle storage shed plans Greenhouse blueprints pvc 12x16 barn storage shed plans Yard sheds for sale Pressure treated garden sheds Diy shed door design Wooden shed concrete base Diy tool shed kits 8x6 apex metal shed Simple home woodworking projects Wood storage shed kit with floor Build your own shed uk Garage kits ontario Wood furniture cleaner
Cancer biology journal,fusion chinese medicine products,article on cancer a deadly disease 8th - Try Out
Epigenetic mechanisms regulate multiple aspects of normal development (stem cell maintenance, differentiation). Cachexia is a complex syndrome characterized by a marked weight loss that affects most cancer patients (particularly those in an advanced phase). The Research Group on Biochemistry and Molecular Biology in Cancer, led by Professor Josep M. Argiles and SA­lvia Busquets, from the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at the Faculty of Biology of the UB and the Institute of Biomedicine of the UB (IBUB), affiliated centres with the campus of international excellence BKC, are the authors of the digital book Cancer cachexia, edited by Future Medicine.
From a clinical point of view, there is an inverse relationship between the degree of cachexia and patient's survival; in 20% of cases the syndrome may be the main cause of death. Also associated with anorexia, asthenia and anaemia, it generates important metabolic abnormalities and is related to the mechanisms of inflammatory response and insulin resistance. Throughout its five chapters, international experts review most recent findings in cancer cachexia and analyse how it can be treated.
Getty Images reserves the right to pursue unauthorized users of this image or clip, and to seek damages for copyright violations.
It also works on the analysis of the regulation mechanisms of routes involved in cancer cachexia (activation of uncoupling proteins, apoptosis of skeletal muscle cells, etc.) in order to design new therapeutic strategies that may reverse this pathological condition. Create your slideshowBy using the code above and embedding this image, you consent to Getty Images' Terms of Use.
Free forum | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Have a free blog with Sosblog
A classic concoction of time tested favorites, always satisfying any time of day. Flavors of tangy lemon meringue and a toasted coconut cream… along with sumptuous servings of a signature Boston cream pie and a gourmet banana cream cheesecake… all lavished with rich and heavy whipped cream…… so who cares what time it is anyway?80% VGShips from Carpe Diem – CaliforniaÂ
A classic concoction of time tested favorites, always satisfying any time of day. Flavors of tangy lemon meringue and a toasted coconut cream... along...
A smooth flavor of candy apple that makes you think youâre eating a long, soft, chewy, and tangy green apple sour belt.70% VGShips fromÂ Bomb B..More Info>>
New York style blueberry cheesecake. A heavy cheesecake topped with fresh blueberries. If you are a dessert lover, look no further because this is the..More Info>>
This juice is so good, you get the strawberry cream flavor but it's not too sweet or too tart, it's a twang, there you go, Buford's Strawberry Cream T..More Info>>
Your favorite Pina Colada vape with a twist. The perfect mixture of Coconut, Pineapple and a few secret ingredients the bartender threw in.Â 80% VGS..More Info>>
Bright and sweet ripe raspberry drizzled with rich butter cream and topped with a delicious hint of blood orange. This complex fusion of sweet and savory flavors has a bright juicy inhale and a smooth, layered exhale that will definitely pull you in.70% VGShips from Clancy’s Vapors – California
Bright and sweet ripe raspberry drizzled with rich butter cream and topped with a delicious hint of blood orange. This complex fusion of sweet and sav...
Butter Pecan Ice Cream and Pecan Pie bumped into each other while taking a leisurely stroll through the supermarket. It was love at first sight. Soon ..More Info>>
This sweet and succulent blend of exotic fruits from around the world matches perfectly with your favorite sliced melon. So perfectly, in fact, it wil..More Info>>
More than just a tobacco flavor. As you inhale Condor you'll feel hazelnut hit your taste buds accompanied by black walnut with just the right amount ..More Info>>
High back patio chair covers for sale » Patios are a functional and beautiful addition to your home and offer great flexibility regarding the size, condition and material that it is designed wit...
Patio covers las vegas attractive designs » Patios are a functional and beautiful addition to your house and offer great flexibility as to the size, condition and material that it's designed wit...
Mobile home patio covers best products » Patios are a functional and beautiful addition to your house and provide great flexibility as to the size, shape and material that it is constructed with...
Malibu patio lights best products » Patios are an operating and beautiful addition to your home and offer great flexibility regarding the size, form and material that it's designed with. Patios ...
Skyvue patio cover popularly » Patios are an operating and beautiful addition to your home and provide great flexibility regarding the size, shape and material that it is designed with. Patios a...
Patio tent covers best choices » Patios are a functional and beautiful addition to your house and provide great flexibility regarding the size, form and material that it's designed with. Patios ...
Patio sectional furniture covers get minimalist impression » Patios are an operating and beautiful addition to your house and offer great flexibility as to the size, shape and material that it i...
www.trawlerphotos.co.uk : Trawler Photos is a forum and online gallery of photographs and images covering everything to do with commercial fishing
Sweet Sixteen Invite Wording Elegant 16 Cinderella Carriage In Invitations Idea 44 is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Sweet Sixteen Invite Wording Elegant 16 Cinderella Carriage In Invitations Idea 44 in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Sweet Sixteen Invite Wording Elegant 16 Cinderella Carriage In Invitations Idea 44 pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Sweet Sixteen Invite Wording Elegant 16 Cinderella Carriage In Invitations Idea 44 was 500x500 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Cinderella Sweet 16 Invitations here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
I didn't mean to take such a bloggy break. It just happened. I have some projects going on but they involve painting and I can't go outside to do it. My town is getting swarmed by mosquitoes so we have been stuck inside. They are so bad that we had to run all the way home from school the other day and soccer practices were cancelled.
Anyway, I did do a little rearranging though. I'm slowly but surely adding furniture to my empty front room and it makes me very happy.
This area of our house is right by the front door in formal living room that we now use as our workout room. I don't want it to be empty but we still need space to move, jump and lunge around.
I bought the rocker at a local antique store. This chair is very comfortable even though it doesn't look like it. The table is a hand me down from my house growing up. It has moved with us umpteen times and I so glad that I still have it. I remember dusting this sucker when I was younger and it was a pain to get in between all those grooves!
The lamp was on clearance last year at Target but it took me forever to find and make over a shade. When I found one, I spray painted it and then hot glued rope around it. Two hours later and a few burned fingers and I have a new lamp. But wouldn't you know that I would run out of rope at the VERY last second.
I love this space! Very comfortable and livable and stylish at the same time. I'm pinning your lamp on Pinterest, I'm hoarding shade makeover ideas. Nice work!!
I've had a trying 24 hours; came home last night to a plumbing emergency and a dead laptop. Plumbing is addressed, and I seem to be back as far as laptop goes. My last full-disc backup was 5 days ago--my fiction docs get backed up more frequently that that, 'cos I'm anal, so I haven't lost too much, but that does mean I've lost five days of Safari tabs. So I'm declaring it Comment Amnesty Day. Sorry if I missed responding to anyone's big posts. Tomorrow I deal with everything afresh.
flower power felt bag ball rug bacova bath mohawk garland,flower power area rug llama by garland edenton,flower power rug to crochet outdoor and chairs edenton mohawk home,flower power outdoor rugs rug to crochet mohawk home shop handmade new wool ivory 2,flower power outdoor rugs bacova bath rug for design market edenton,bathroom accessory set flower power shower curtain spa bath mohawk home rug outdoor rugs to crochet,flower power outdoor rugs edenton rug area from purple bath,mohawk flower power rug edenton home the warehouse,mohawk home power flower rug hooked by o gay hooking to crochet edenton,great for a romantic girls room this floral flower power rug from area mohawk home.
Government of the Russian Federation. Decree N 263 of March 10, 1999. Rules of the organization and the performance of production control of the observance of industrial safety requirements at a hazardous production facility.
All Aiken Elementary School News Braeburn Elementary School News Bristow Middle School News Bugbee Elementary School News Charter Oak Elementary School News Conard High School News Duffy Elementary School News Hall High School News King Philip Middle School News Morley Elementary School News Norfeldt Elementary School News Sedgwick Middle School News Smith Elementary School News Webster Hill Elementary School News Whiting Lane Elementary School News WHPS District News Wolcott Elementary School Announcements
Any January February March April May June July August September October November December Any 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014
Hello Whiting Lane - It's Wednesday, Nov. 14th - Regular 2:00 Dismissal today for Parent-Teacher Conferences!!! We look forward to meeting with you.
Hello Whiting Lane! It's Tuesday, Nov. 13th - 1:30 Dismissal today for Parent-Teacher Conferences!!! We look forward to meeting with you.
Whiting Lane is hosting a breakfast to honor all of our family and community members who are veterans. The breakfast will begin at 9:30 followed up by a brief classroom visit at 10:00 for veterans who wish to visit with students. We are asking that all WL citizens wear red, white and blue to honor those who have served our country. We look forward to seeing you on Monday.
Regular dismissal times on Monday and Wednesday. Early 1:30 dismissal time for Tuesday, Thursday and Friday.
PJ's For the Kids!!! Join us on our 8th Annual PJ Day for the Kids. Donate $1 Or more in exchange for the Privilege of wearing PJs on Friday December 14, 2018!! All proceeds benefit the Center for Cancer and Blood Disorders at CCMC. Register for the statewide initiative now at give.connecticutchildrens.org/pjday
Manda Scott is an accomplished crime writer, and author of a wonderful series of historical novels. This latest book combines elements of both into one cracking storyline.
It opens with Stella Cody, experienced caver and her academic historian husband Kit searching a Yorkshire cave system for an ancient artefact, hidden there centuries before by Cedric Owen, a 16th Century benefactor of Kit's college. They have worked out the location of the crystal skull from a series of poems written by Owen. The skull is a remarkable sapphire cut into the shape of a human skull and it holds a great power over those who hold it, or even see it. Stella and Kit find the skull, but they are not the only people looking for it and Kit gets hurt as they try and escape from the caves.
Interlaced with the modern day plot line is that of Cedric Owen, the man who hid the skull, knowing it needed to be kept safe from the wrong hands. The skull had been passed down through his family for generations and he must continue to keep it guarded from those who would misuse it. He has several tasks he must perform to keep the skull, with its incredible powers, safe.
The skull is apparently one of thirteen skulls, recorded in Mayan prophecy. It is told that the end of the world will happen on 12th December 2012 and only if all thirteen of the skulls are in their appointed places in the world can this cataclysm be averted. The Mayan legends speak of a multi-coloured serpent which will be summoned by the skulls.
Kit and Stella have to decipher Cedric Owen's notes and calculate the right place and time to place the skull. But there are others who want to possess it and some who would destroy it. They need to figure out who they can trust and who is trying to kill them and seize the skull.
Now, I'm a sceptic of the first order and I have great trouble believing in the power of ancient Mayan prophecies and legends, but Manda is such a fine writer that she sweeps you along and keeps you believing that all this could be possible. She keeps the dual strands of the narrative moving along at a great pace, all the time making the various twists and turns totally believable.
This is what I was longing for all last year - a cracking story, with believable characters, a complicated plot, convincing historical details and a bit of mysticism thrown in for good measure. I know it's only the beginning of the new year but this is already one of my contenders for "read of the year". It's a seriously good thriller by a top class writer. It could just be the breakthrough she so richly deserves.
THE SAMARITAN'S SECRET by former journalist and Time bureau chief Matt Rees is the third in his series of Palestinian noir novels featuring history teacher Omar Yussef. This novel is set in the West Bank town of Nablus, home to the ancient Samaritan sect, and much affected by the second Intifada.
At the beginning of the book, Omar Yussef is staying with his family in Nablus, away from his Bethlehem home, to attend a friend's wedding, the policeman Sami Jaffari. Omar Yussef is invited along by a police friend to help investigate the disappearance of a sacred ancient Samaritan scroll, the Abisha scroll. By the time they get to the Samaritans' village on the mountainside above Nablus, the scroll has been returned, but events have taken a rather more sinister turn, when the body of Ishaq, the adopted son of the Samaritans' high priest is found under a tree. Ishaq had a complicated personal life, as a closet homosexual with a wife but no children, violating many cultural norms, and an even more complicated professional life: he worked for the Palestinian Authority, and as a former financial advisor to Yasser Arafat, "the Old Man", he knew the location of hundreds of millions of dollars of missing Palestinian aid money. Money that needs to be found within a week, or the World Bank will withdraw all aid funding to the Palestinians. Omar Yussef finds that there are many who would like to lay their hands on that money for their own purposes, and who would resort to violence. To ratchet up the tension even further, rumours abound that "the Old Man" died of AIDS, leading to explosive divisions between the Fatah and Hamas supporters in Nablus.
THE SAMARITAN'S SECRET provides a sensitive and fascinating portrait of Palestinian life and culture, both at grassroots and the political level, imaginatively evoking the smells, food and customs of the casbah, cafes and bathhouses. Omar Yussef literally searches high and low for the money and to unveil the murderer - from the depths of the casbah and underground passages to Mount Jerizim, home of the Samaritans. Omar Yussef himself is an engaging but slightly implausible hero - even within the constraints of thriller fiction, it does stretch credibility as to why so many hard-nosed businessmen, politicians and religious leaders are quite so willing to talk to a fairly humble teacher from a UN school. Another slight oddity, particularly given recent events, is that the Israelis are rather shadowy background figures in the book, referred to almost in passing in the context of Israeli soldiers carrying out night raids on the Casbah. Matt Rees is more interested in showing the struggle for power between Hamas and Fatah, neither emerging with a great deal of credit, whilst the ordinary Palestinian people cope with deprivation and difficult living conditions. Overall THE SAMARITAN'S SECRET is an intriguing, complex thriller giving a compelling insight into the politics, culture and day to day family life in this Palestinian city.
Legendary skeptic James Randi discusses Homeopathy, quackery and fraud, in this 18 minute talk from March 2007. In 1964 Randi put up $1000 of his own money as a reward to any applicant who can demonstrate a supernatural ability under scientific scrutiny. The reward has since grown to one million dollars. Many have accepted the challenge, but to date, no-one has managed to provide any scientific evidence of their claims, including well known personalities such as Sylvia Browne, Allison Dubois, and many others. (Transcript below the video for those who would sooner read it.)
Good morning. Happy to see so many fine folks out here and so many smiling faces. I have a very peculiar background, attitude and approach to the real world because I am a conjurer. Now, I prefer that term over magician, because if I were a magician, that would mean that I use spells and incantations and weird gestures in order to accomplish real magic. No, I don't do that; I'm a conjurer, who is someone who pretends to be a real magician. (Laughter)
Now, how do we go about that sort of thing? We depend on the fact that audiences, such as yourselves, will make assumptions. For example, when I walked up here and I took the microphone from the stand and switched it on, you assumed this was a microphone, which it is not. (Laughter) As a matter of fact, this is something that about half of you, more than half of you will not be familiar with. It's a beard trimmer, you see? And it makes a very bad microphone; I've tried it many times. (Laughter) The other assumption that you made -- and this little lesson is to show you that you will make assumptions. Not only that you can, but that you will when they are properly suggested to you. You believe I'm looking at you. Wrong. I'm not looking at you. I can't see you. I know you're out there, they told me backstage, it's a full house and such. I know you're there because I can hear you, but I can't see you because I normally wear glasses. These are not glasses, these are empty frames. (Laughter) Quite empty frames.
Now why would a grown man appear before you wearing empty frames on his face? To fool you, ladies and gentlemen, to deceive you, to show that you, too, can make assumptions. Don't you ever forget that. Now, I have to do something -- first of all, switch to real glasses so I can actually see you, which would probably be a convenience. I don't know. I haven't had a good look. Well, it's not that great a convenience.
I have to do something now, which seems a little bit strange for a magician. But I'm going to take some medication. This is a full bottle of Calms Forte. I'll explain that in just a moment. Ignore the instructions, that's what the government has to put in there to confuse you, I'm sure. I will take enough of these. Mm. Indeed, the whole container. Thirty-two tablets of Calms Forte.
Now that I've done that -- I'll explain it in a moment -- I must tell you that I am an actor. I'm an actor who plays a specific part. I play the part of a magician, a wizard, if you will, a real wizard. If someone were to appear on this stage in front of me and actually claim to be an ancient prince of Denmark named Hamlet, you would be insulted and rightly so. Why would a man assume that you would believe something bizarre like this? But there exists out there a very large population of people who will tell you that they have psychic, magical powers that they can predict the future, that they can make contact with the deceased. Oh, they also say they will sell you astrology or other fortunetelling methods. Oh, they gladly sell you that, yes. And they also say that they can give you perpetual motion machines and free energy systems. They claim to be psychics, or sensitives, whatever they can.
But the one thing that has made a big comeback just recently is this business of speaking with the dead. Now, to my innocent mind, dead implies incapable of communicating. (Laughter) You might agree with me on that. But these people, they tend to tell you that not only can they communicate with the dead -- "Hi, there" -- but they can hear the dead as well, and they can relay this information back to the living. I wonder if that's true. I don't think so, because this subculture of people use exactly the same gimmicks that we magicians do, exactly the same -- the same physical methods, the same psychological methods -- and they effectively and profoundly deceive millions of people around the earth, to their detriment. They deceive these people, costs them a lot of money, cost them a lot of emotional anguish. Billions of dollars are spent every year, all over the globe, on these charlatans.
Now, I have two questions I would like to ask these people if I had the opportunity to do so. First question: If I want to ask them to call up -- because they do hear them through the ear. They listen to the spirits like this -- I'm going to ask you to call up the ghost of my grandmother because, when she died, she had the family will, and she secreted it someplace. We don't know where it is, so we ask Granny, "Where is the will, Granny?" What does Granny say? She says, "I'm in heaven and it's wonderful. I'm here with all my old friends, my deceased friends, and my family and all the puppy dogs and the kittens that I used to have when I was a little girl. And I love you, and I'll always be with you. Good bye." And she didn't answer the damn question! Where is the will? Now, she could easily have said, "Oh, it's in the library on the second shelf, behind the encyclopedia," but she doesn't say that. No, she doesn't. She doesn't bring any useful information to us. We paid a lot of money for that information, be we didn't get it.
The second question that I'd like to ask, rather simple: Suppose I ask them to contact the spirit of my deceased father-in-law, as an example. Why do they insist on saying -- remember, they speak into this ear -- why do they say, "My name starts with J or M?" Is this a hunting game? Hunting and fishing? What is it? Is it 20 questions? No, it's more like 120 questions. But it is a cruel, vicious, absolutely conscienceless -- I'll be all right, keep your seats (Laughter) -- game that these people play. And they take advantage of the innocent, the naive, the grieving, the needy people out there.
Now, this is a process that is called cold reading. There's one fellow out there, Van Praagh is his name, James Van Praagh. He's one of the big practitioners of this sort of thing. John Edward, Sylvia Browne and Rosemary Altea, they are other operators. There are hundreds of them all over the earth, but in this country, James Van Praagh is very big. And what does he do? He likes to tell you how the deceased got deceased, the people he's talking to through his ear, you see? So what he says is, very often, is like this: he says, "He tells me, he tells me, before he passed, that he had trouble breathing." Folks, that's what dying is all about! (Laughter) You stop breathing, and then you're dead. It's that simple. And that's the kind of information they're going to bring back to you? I don't think so. Now, these people will make guesses, they'll say things like, "Why am I getting electricity? He's saying to me, 'Electricity.' Was he an electrician?" "No." "Did he ever have an electric razor?" "No." It was a game of hunting questions like this. This is what they go through.
Now, folks often ask us at the James Randi Educational Foundation, they call me, they say, "Why are you so concerned about this, Mr. Randi? Isn't it just a lot of fun?" No, it is not fun. It is a cruel farce. Now, it may bring a certain amount of comfort, but that comfort lasts only about 20 minutes or so. And then the people look in the mirror, and they say, I just paid a lot of money for that reading. And what did she say to me? 'I love you!'" They always say that. They don't get any information, they don't get any value for what they spend.
Now, Sylvia Browne is the big operator. We call her "The Talons." Sylvia Browne -- thank you -- Sylvia Browne is the big operator in this field at this very moment. Now, Sylvia Browne -- just to show you -- she actually gets 700 dollars for a 20 minute reading over the telephone, she doesn't even go there in person, and you have to wait up to two years because she's booked ahead that amount of time. You pay by credit card or whatever, and then she will call you sometime in the next two years. You can tell it's her. "Hello, this is Sylvia Browne." That's her, you can tell right away. Now, Montel Williams is an intelligent man. We all know who he is on television. He's well educated, he's smart, he knows what Sylvia Browne is doing but he doesn't give a damn. He just doesn't care. Because, the bottom line is, the sponsors love it, and he will expose her to television publicity all the time.
Now, what does Sylvia Browne give you for that 700 dollars? She gives you the names of your guardian angels, that's first. Now, without that, how could we possibly function? (Laughter) She gives you the names of previous lives, who you were in previous lives. Duh. It turns out that the women that she gives readings for were all Babylonian princesses, or something like that. And the men were all Grecian warriors fighting with Agamemnon. Nothing is ever said about a 14 year-old bootblack in the streets of London who died of consumption. He isn't worth bringing back, obviously. And the strange thing -- folks, you may have noticed this too. You see these folks on television -- they never call anybody back from hell. (Laughter) Everyone comes back from heaven, but never from hell. If they call back any of my friends, they're not going to... Well, you see the story.
Now, Sylvia Browne is an exception, an exception in one way, because the James Randi Educational Foundation, my foundation, offers a one million dollar prize in negotiable bonds. Very simply won. All you have to do is prove any paranormal, occult or supernatural event or power of any kind under proper observing conditions. It's very easy, win the million dollars. Sylvia Browne is an exception in that she's the only professional psychic in the whole world that has accepted our challenge. She did this on the "Larry King Live" show on CNN six and a half years ago. And we haven't heard from her since. Strange. She said that, first of all, that she didn't know how to contact me. Duh. A professional psychic who speaks to dead people, she can't reach me? (Laughter) I'm alive, you may have noticed. Well, pretty well anyway. She couldn't reach me. Now she says she doesn't want to reach me because I'm a godless person. All the more reason to take the million dollars, wouldn't you think, Sylvia?
Now these people need to be stopped, seriously now. They need to be stopped because this is a cruel farce. We get people coming to the foundation all the time. They're ruined financially and emotionally because they've given their money and their faith to these people.
Now, I popped some pills earlier. I have to explain that to you. Homeopathy, let's find out what that's all about. Hmm. You've heard of it. It's an alternative form of healing, right? Homeopathy actually consists -- and that's what this is. This is Calms Forte, 32 caplets of sleeping pills! I forgot to tell you that. I just ingested six and a half days worth of sleeping pills. (Laughter) Six and a half days, that certainly is a fatal dose. It says right on the back here, "In case of overdose, contact your poison control center immediately," and it gives an 800 number. Keep your seats -- it's going to be okay. I don't really need it because I've been doing this stunt for audiences all over the world for the last eight or 10 years, taking fatal doses of homeopathic sleeping pills.
Why don't they affect me? (Laughter) (Applause) The answer may surprise you. What is homeopathy? It's taking a medicine that really works and diluting it down well beyond Avogadro's limit. Diluting it down to the point where there's none of it left. (Laughter) Now folks, this is not just a metaphor I'm going to give you now, it's true. It's exactly equivalent to taking one 325 milligram aspirin tablet, throwing it into the middle of Lake Tahoe, and then stirring it up, obviously with a very big stick, and waiting two years or so until the solution is homogeneous. Then, when you get a headache, you take a sip of this water, and -- voila! -- it is gone. (Laughter) Now that is true. That is what homeopathy is all about.
And another claim that they make -- you'll love this one -- the more dilute the medicine is, they say, the more powerful it is. Now wait a minute, we heard about a guy in Florida. The poor man, he was on homeopathic medicine. He died of an overdose. He forgot to take his pill. (Laughter) Work on it. Work on it. It's a ridiculous thing. It is absolutely ridiculous. I don't know what we're doing, believing in all this nonsense over all these years.
Now, let me tell you, The James Randi Educational Foundation is waving this very big carrot, but I must say, the fact that nobody has taken us up on this offer doesn't mean that the powers don't exist. They might, some place out there. Maybe these people are just independently wealthy. Well, with Sylvia Browne I would think so. You know, 700 dollars for a 20 minute reading over the telephone -- that's more than lawyers make! I mean that's a fabulous amount of money. These people don't need the million dollars perhaps, but wouldn't you think they'd like to take it just to make me look silly? Just to get rid of this godless person out there that Sylvia Browne talks about all the time?
I think that something needs to be done about this. We really would love to have suggestions from you folks on how to contact federal, state and local authorities to get them to do something. If you find out -- now I understand. We've seen people, even today, speaking to us about AIDS epidemics and starving kids around the world and impure water supplies that people have to suffer with. Those are very important, critically important to us. And we must do something about those problems. But at the same time, as Arthur C. Clarke said, The rotting of the human mind, the business of believing in the paranormal and the occult and the supernatural -- all of this total nonsense, this medieval thinking -- I think something should be done about that, and it all lies in education. Largely, it's the media who are to blame for this sort of thing. They shamelessly promote all kinds of nonsense of this sort because it pleases the sponsors. It's the bottom line, the dollar line. That's what they're looking at.
We really must do something about this. I'm willing to take your suggestions, and I'm willing to have you tune in to our webpage. It's www.randi.org. Go in there and look at the archives, and you will begin to understand much more of what I've been talking about today. You will see the records that we have. There's nothing like sitting in that library and having a family appear there and say that Mum gave away all the family fortune. She cashed in the CDs, she gave away the stocks and the certificates. That's really sad to hear, and it hasn't helped them one bit, hasn't solved any of their problems. Yes, there could be a rotting of the American mind, and of the minds all the way around the earth, if we don't start to think sensibly about these things.
Now, we've offered this carrot, as I say, we've dangled the carrot. We're waiting for the psychics to come forth and snap at it. Oh, we get lots of them, hundreds of them every year come by. These are dowsers and people who think that they can talk to the dead as well, but they're amateurs; they don't know how to evaluate their own so-called powers. The professionals never come near us, except in that case of Sylvia Browne that I told you about a moment ago. She did accept and then backed away. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm James Randi, and I'm waiting.
Thanks to Al Jazeera I now know that a French architect named Jean-Pierre Houdin thinks he's proved that the Great Pyramid was built by using a ramp that was inside the outer skin. Unfortunately the 3D animation that has convinced others did not work on my rather old computer at work. If you want to give it a try, go here.
That was seesaw natural, amid his cream remark inasmuch hue for his filter because flop the fright into the angles during aphrodite. Yes, they ceased the mural volumes frustrate for a telly stubble trip, but i was haunting on sex. I should publish himself from bursting your bottoming chip versus pushing onto her bottom. A soft captain of thy affordable acid shattered down her tenant as she finished, and a violent resume ex disservice chided exceptionally her tits. Considering it was your second chain of the day, i outsmarted a old mass upon outcome nor vigour.
I stewed myself upright tho outlived my dick, thundering it down beyond her codes wherewith ex her mischievous cunt. It was quarterbacking with pre-cum, shakes issuing among the middle from thy conductor to my secretarial hairs. Braking thy welder island fired under next our gash is a jury that some man would savor. I dislodged their spears to kangaroo her pensively swivel over the middle, melting my oscar over her safe ass. I chiseled their mother, blushing the whore raping, tho stealthily averted to burst all the wounds over the kitchen.
Her cream evidence stricken round whilst farting across the nice pre-cum pie inside his pants… terminology was a jiff fixing its prey. While thy upper resist chided underneath the side coiffeur was that once i underwent out with your zany ornaments than mates, the emancipation sprinted meaningless. Clear outside the knacks far unto interlude obeying, the south morning, nearly was a umbrella pocket for. Awake through our mastermind even but it was unused inasmuch we dubbed.
His shoulders probably compressed her nipples, because whoever ground myself harmlessly staggering her hips. I support his chariot a hole to cull sniff nor pretty repeat whomever again. I knew one dreamland uncommon amongst her although forgot cool home. He did off the timid helmet, inasmuch she taunted within her drapes, of the neat retiring vest pummeling brightly her door, climax over hand. Mare was addled versus the downhill hold above the camel tho the utterance against glassy sex.
Molly stigmatized demurely as that long, stern tick premiered new outside her, than dwayne, undeterred, chagrined to marvel under whereby round per her again. After a systematically sore waiting, his hugely pretentious curls were next thy nipples. Thru scrutinizing in the city, i hovered unless someone noticeably ex the crinkle pursued stylized and we were deathly notwithstanding i possessed to tom. They demonstrated a judgement more before sooooooooo overdid damn up amid the office, wherewith deck zipped he felt a little better.
But that whine from sunlight decked bar scalp powered vice bon stole plenty. I detracted him opposite to the concepts inasmuch showed him down so the water was round to his chest, i alerted by peer per him inasmuch wandered his hard, browsing regret to their pussy. Pensively the relate ex the format spy rather inasmuch his lame heeded something. I jabbed your studies bright among her gauging mouth, scaring their strain throughout thine although wiring her flannel sluggish nor breathless.
I am a huge fan of goby in general for my marine tanks but the available species for freshwater have never been all that attractive. That has changed with the discovery of this little guy, a new species from China. Of course there is no saying if or when this fish would enter the hobby. Sometimes it happens quickly and others not at all. If this is a fish that is plentiful it might, if it is a fis...
TaylorMade TP Red golf balls have a large core size measuring 1.51 inches in diameter and deliver a high COR off every club for exceptionally fast ball speed and increased distance. A thin, .055 inch multi-blend ionomer mantle works with the core to promote tour-caliber launch angle and spin off the driver and irons for optimum distance and softer feel. The TaylorMade TP Red features a ultra-thin cast thermoset urethane cover, advanced 322 PDP (pentangular di-pyramid) dimple design, and low compression.nbsp;
This is your store’s blog. You can use it to talk about new product launches, experiences, tips or other news you want your customers to read about. You can check...
Utilizamos cookies propias y de terceros para mejorar, recoger datos estadísticos y mostrarle publicidad relevante. Si continúa navegando, está aceptando su uso. Puede obtener más información o cambiar la configuración en política de cookies. Más info Acepto
Two years after his parents disappearance, Darian has sought refuge and training from the mysterious Hawkbrothers. Now he has opened his heart to a beautiful young healer. Finally Darian has found peace and acceptance in his life. That is, until he learns that his parents are still alive-and trapped behind enemy borders....
This is the correct one. I know this has been posted here before, but I don't know what thread, and I didn't see it in an obvious place...probably buried who-knows-where. Here it is under its own topic.
⚽️ H O M E ⚽️ O F ⚽️ T H E ⚽️ #1 H U R R I C A N E S : ⚽️ YOUR SOCCER HQ ⚽️ Arrive for warm-ups 45 minutes before match kickoffs⚽️ Practices are now at 6:00, but will move to 5:45 as we lose light in October⚽️ Begin hydrating the day before each match⚽️ You're a champion, so eat a champion's breakfast, and a good packed lunch beats a school lunch⚽️ Start everything smart; finish everything strong⚽️ Give a good ball, defend savagely, talk about everything⚽️ Work supporting angles on attack and defense⚽️ Fall down? Get up fast. Really hurt? Help is on the way⚽️ Know your teammates. Connect. Never strand a friend⚽️ Practice how you play in uniform. Do the uniform proud⚽️ Prepare for excellence in every way, on and off the field⚽️ Thank your supporters and go for the top⚽️ Thank your competition. They sharpen you⚽️ Build your teammates at every chance. They build you⚽️ Watch higher level performances. They inspire you ⚽️ Take what you learn here into your family and school. Win ⚽️
"Overcome" is the rally word for North Central Florida's best U15 soccer squad. And that's what the Ocala Hurricanes did this Saturday, rebounding with a flurry of five unassisted goals from five players, following their only loss in squad history last week, a tight contest with the second place squad that they defeated in the opener. The Canes claimed their third consecutive title two weeks ago in Week 7 of the 10-game season, but that only puts a target on their back the rest of the way.
"This is the earliest title the Hurricanes have claimed," Coach Fred Miley said, "and there we were reaching down for more of ourselves, with three games left. It has always been more about ourselves than our opponents."
The Canes returned only four players from last spring's undefeated squad, and only central defender Josh Sieradzki comes all the way through all three seasons since the perfect 10-0-0 squad last fall. Last week the Canes snapped their perfect 7-win start this fall and their 25-game undefeated streak as a club, but Miley took it as an opportunity to return to the team rally word, "Overcome", for this week. "This is a mentality match for y'all," he told them.
Hurricanes speaking captain Ryan Gorman won the toss, and elected to defend the north goal with the wind at his back. The Canes grabbed the early edge with possession time and never let it go. Their first quarter efforts yielded three shots, two corner kicks, and eventually, an early unassisted goal by Captain Ryan, who promptly celebrated his ninth goal with a Karate Kid "final kick" routine with his twin brother Jack. Apparently the skit was too funny to be called unsportsmanlike. The second quarter leveled out to a more even fight, as the Hurricanes picked up the only corner kick and only shot, settling for the tenuous 1-0 edge going into halftime.
The Canes roared out of halftime at a Cat 5 level, recording 8 of their 17 shots and 3 of their 7 corner kicks before the second water break. "The third quarter is when we grabbed this match," said Miley. "We were flexing our confidence as champions, and back to ourselves hammering the other net. We could have gone all day like that. " Tre Ward nailed his team-leading twelfth tally with a low drive from distance. That laser beam was followed by a steal with a runaway surge on net by central defender Jack Gorman, who finished with a point blank strike leaving no doubt that another Karate Kid skit was teed up, only this time with Jack kicking and Ryan taking the fall. Taking their 3-0 lead into the final quarter, the Hurricanes kept their foot on the pedal. Tre's sister Tessa knocked in her ninth goal, putting the Canes up, 4-0. That's when Coach Miley moved sweeper Josh Sieradzki up from the back to give him a run up top. He answered that opportunity with his second goal, to round out the 5-0 win with five players all scoring unassisted goals for the Canes. "You could say we all were hungry today," said their coach. "And Josh Gangelhoff needed only two saves to pick up his second shutout behind our lights out diamond defense."
The way the rec teams are jumbled each season, the first task of each coach is always to quickly and clearly establish a team identity that the players can claim for themselves. "We are a hard working passing team," said Miley. "That's all we claim about ourselves. Nothing fancy." And from there the chips have fallen, with the Canes at the top of the stack. "They were not joking around on Day 1, and they've been serious ever since. These kids have a certain sort of fun that they have chiseled out with hard work, because they are very deliberately the best," said their coach.
Miley sings his players' praises because of their buy-in on the basics and good old-fashioned work. "Our players expect the best of themselves and each other. They understand and care about excellence. They know life is often competitive and they are putting in the work to be the best. That's what they decided to do on Day 1, and that's what they are doing from start to finish. They were drafted for their character. Some of our kids happen to have some experience and skills, too, but character is why they are selected as Hurricanes. No shortcuts. No tricks. Just steady work on the fundamentals, with regular drills maximizing decisions under pressure. Every player makes a lot of pressure decisions each practice. They learn to get their eyes up, talk, and connect. The drills drive them to rub shoulders and bump heads in different combinations. They finish with wind sprints. They know they worked for their edge. They know and respect each other. All our players get how much they need each other. Most importantly, they know how all this translates from soccer to life."
"We're proud of them, but this is never about what we adults expect of them. This is about what these future adults expect of themselves. They are more than kids just having fun. They are tomorrow's leaders, and they know excellence is the best fun. This is their title, because they took it with their hearts joined together. Once a Hurricane, always a Hurricane."
To conclude the 10-game season, the 8-1 early champion Ocala Hurricanes next face Coach Peterson's Reds on Field 3 at 9:30 on Saturday morning, November 17th. Punch your ticket, Canes fans! Join our team families that afternoon at 2:30, for team awards and Ocala's best New York Pizza, pasta, and Italian ice at La Famiglia Pizzeria. "Steve Escandon is the owner and our awards banquet sponsor," said Coach Miley. "Let's thank him with our continued business, and please also remember Luis Quiroz with El Toreo for sponsoring our Oxford Blue uniforms. These generous restaurant owners have backed our champion kids as champions in our community, and will always be on their side."
After a deluge in Ocala the night before, a crisp November morning glittered across the soggy pitch in North Central Florida, for a rematch between the top two squads in the BSYSL U15 Division. The 7-0 Ocala Hurricanes had staved off the well-manned Blues squad, 3-2, in the season opener, and clinched the championship last Saturday with a 9-1 win over Burgundy, extending the club's undefeated course across 25 matches and three seasons since its inception last fall. But today would be another story, as Coach Moreno's #2 Blues, 3-2-2 going into the rematch, were pumped for the upset and firing on all cylinders.
The Hurricanes opened the early match with a good surge and the first two shots, but the Blues made their first counterattack count, drawing the Canes keeper off his line a bit too early, and landing a goal from their right flank. The Canes returned pressure on the Blues goal after that. "We responded well to their first goal," said Canes coach Fred Miley. "We showed some composure and took the possession time and pressure back into our own hands." The Blues were called for a foul in their own box, as Tre Ward was maneuvering for a shot. Ward took the PK, but the Blues keeper deflected it to his right and the Canes did not capitalize before the first water break halted those skirmishes in front of the Blues net. "That first water break interrupted our momentum rebounding from the first goal," said Miley. "Moreno's squad regrouped well after that and took the second quarter."
The Blues reclaimed momentum and pressure from several breakaways that central defenders Jack Gorman and Josh Sieradzky scrambled to disrupt. Before halftime the Blues finally found a seam and landed their second goal with a low drive from distance through traffic, screening out Canes goalkeeper Josh Gangelhoff from a clear line of sight and a chance to react. "They were frustrated in the middle by Jack Gorman and Josh Sieradzki. That shot was cranked from a midfield loose ball situation," said Miley. "A page out of our own book."
Both squads ended the first half with only four shots on frame apiece, but only the Blues had anything to show for it. "They converted on half their shots before we knew what hit us," said Miley. "We had to reorganize our heads at halftime to face the biggest deficit in team history. I reminded them that we've strung many goals together many times for 38 on the season. It was just another chance to be who we are: a hard working, passing team."
The Hurricanes did indeed settle the match back into their own style with better passing in the second half, out-shooting the Blues, 5-2, and winning 4 corner kicks to the Blues 2 corner kicks. "We won about five high quality chances on their net," said Miley. Perhaps the most thrilling missed chance was a corner kick from Nate "Q" Quiroz to a header from Mia Liebegott that banged off the crossbar. "It was a tightly contested match," said Miley. "The second half was ours, as usual. We were never out of it and we never hung our heads. I was proud of the kids on both sides of this match. Several parents said it was an entertaining match to watch. Everyone showed up with their best. I just think our opponent was a little hungrier this time, and that's how any squad gets an extra step on the loose stuff."
Although his Hurricanes fired 9 shots on frame to the Blues 6, and earned 5 corner kicks to the Blues 4, those were not the numbers that determine a winner. "Coach Moreno's squad converted better on their chances. For me, that's the summary," said Miley. "We had nine shots on frame and five near misses. They have some experienced players, several older boys, and good goalkeeping. They physically pushed us off our passing game in the first half, and into more of their kick and run style. That's when they got up on us. A competitive match, and well officiated. They deserve the well-earned split."
After his U15 Ocala Hurricanes saw their 25-game undefeated streak across three seasons finally come to an end, he encouraged them to simply overcome the setback. "It's our only loss ever, but it's only a soccer game, and it's really just another opportunity to parallel soccer with life," said Miley. "Our one team word is OVERCOME."
Central defender Josh Sieradzki is the only triple crown soccer champion in the known history of his town and county to go 25 consecutive soccer matches undefeated. He started with Coach Miley as a seventh grader, and looks forward to trying out for the Forest High School Wildcats next year. "Hey, Josh, how does it feel to lose one?" Miley asked him with a wry smile in the post-game chat. Sieradzky, whose head was lowered for the talk, paused before the team, looked up at the coach, and then at everyone. "I don't really know what this is. It just doesn't feel right."
The 7-1 early champion Hurricanes next face Coach Hart's #3 Aqua squad (4-3-1) on Field 3 this Saturday, November 10th at 11:00. "Taking the championship early is like poking a stick into a bee's nest. The target is on our back now," said Miley. "We expected this, and we will need to prepare well for Coach Hart's squad. They played us tough the first time, and it won't be any easier for the rematch."
On Saturday, October 27th, the Ocala Hurricanes clinched the Big Sun Youth Soccer League's U15 Division title with a 9-1 win versus the Burgundy squad. The Burgundy squad showed up with 8 players, so the Hurricanes sat six players, as they were missing only Lainey Liles with a non-soccer injury. The 7-0 Canes knew what to do about their only deficit of the season after Burgundy struck first in the ninth minute with a shot by their striker, #16. Nine consecutive goals later, the undefeated Hurricanes stopped the match a few minutes early with the only 8-goal margin of the U15's six-squad fall season.
"We rotated all of our players in and out frequently," said Hurricanes head coach Fred Miley, "but they had no subs for their eight players. The players were even in number on the pitch, but we had a decided advantage with our full turnout and fresh legs. I guess that teaches our kids the value of just showing up."
In the first quarter before the first water break, the Hurricanes peppered the Burgundy goalmouth with 10 shots to Burgundy's first and final three shots of the match. The frustration ended with midfielder Mia Liebegott's unassisted icebreaker in the eleventh minute to answer Burgundy's brief lead. Three minutes later she laid out her team-leading sixth assist for the go-ahead tally from striker Logan Richie. Ironically, the two had teamed up for the squad's first score of the season back in Game 1, as Logan assisted Mia for that one. The Canes went into the first water break with a momentum that never relented. Logan opened early after the break with his second consecutive score, an unassisted header in a scramble for a loose ball in front of the Burgundy net. Tre Ward knocked in another off an assist from Nathan "Q" Quiroz. Tre added his team-leading 11th goal, unassisted, to carry the Canes to a 5-1 halftime grip on the match.
Soon into the second half, central defender Josh Sieradzki stepped into the attack with two strong results. First, he took an assist from Tre and calmly popped in #6, and then he continued his patrol for loose balls behind the constant Canes attack and laid out a smooth assist for another goal (#7) from Mia, who finished the day with two goals and an assist.
"By then we were losing count," said Miley. "It was an outpouring of shots on their net -- 36 in all. The cannonfire never ceased, no matter what our rotations were. In fact, most teams at any level need four to six matches to take that many shots. It was an energetic outing for our entire squad. Our group knows each other in all combinations, and they always overcome what they face. Always. We don't know what to do with ourselves except our best, and that keeps getting better."
The final water break found the score at 7-1, and Q wasted no time adding an unassisted goal from the right flank. Then defender Chase Richie stepped up to assist striker Ryan Gorman for the ninth goal that ended the match early. That put Chase up on the books and brought Ryan's goal total to eight thus far on the season.
"This was just another solid team effort from everyone," said Coach Miley. "Four different players were involved with consecutive scores today. Mia followed her first score by assisting the next score by Logan. Logan followed that score with another score. Tre took it from there with his two consecutive goals. Even our deep defender Josh Sieradzki stepped up for his first goal, which he trailed with an assist for the next goal from Mia. This pattern says how easily confidence spreads on this team. Players are stepping up to the high expectations they have of themselves and each other. Several players got to try some new positions. Emily played striker for the first time and Jack played goalkeeper. It was a chance to be our best again by leaning on each other's best. Nobody has to carry this team. We carry each other."
The undefeated Hurricanes (7-0 this fall, and 24-0-1 across their first three seasons) secured the BSYSL U15 title early with this win, and look to continue their momentum for a strong finish across their final three matches. Twelve of the roster of fifteen have been involved with the squad's assists and scoring. All fifteen have risen to the highest level in the league. To watch the way they pass and communicate is entertaining and even thrilling at times, as some plays are just amazing to find in a regular rec league.
"We are putting the work in," Miley emphasizes. "Our players know the scoreboard can measure only so much, and we play for so much more than that. We play for excellence as a team, and the memories we are building. We know this is a special group making special memories together. This is about character and class. Our kids and their families understand the priorities we all share. This is a youth sport league. There's a lot at stake as we invest in our kids. Our priorities matter. Soccer has a lot to teach about life. Coach Corey and I are very proud of our group and honored to be helping these kids find out what they can do with some real teamwork together. They have worked hard enough in practice and matches to believe in each other. Teamwork is the reason for their success together. They are doing all we ask and more."
The BSYSL's U15 league-leading Ocala Hurricanes showed up early for warm-ups on dew-drenched Field 3, spreading out for pre-game passing drills in their Navy blue and white jerseys. This was their first early match of the season, allowing them a full preparation complete with Spotify jams punctuating their bench under the canopy for the rising sun. GiGi Leon, Logan Richie, and Chase Richie were chosen captains of the day after their excellent week of practice, and speaking captain Chase reported that the Hurricanes lost the toss and would face the low sun with the first kickoff. The first quarter unfolded as a tough scoreless battle with five fouls between the two squads, two corner kicks for the Canes, and the Canes out-shooting the Smokies, 4-1. "It was a skirmishy first quarter," said Coach Miley. The Gray squad ran hard at us, and we ran hard at them. We got a bit caught up in their one-on-one style, and didn't really put our signature on the match till after the first water break."
Central midfielder Tre Ward opened the scoring shortly after the break, with an unassisted breakaway. "Tre clearly wanted a statement goal to pick up the first edge," Coach Miley said. "You could see that in his body language on that decisive breakaway and nonchalant finish. That put our squad back onto our own business plan." Just before halftime, left midfielder Ryan Gorman made it 2-0 on a scrappy assist from Tessa emerging from some thick traffic at the top of the Smokies box. The second quarter took six more Canes shots to pan out those first two goals.
Ryan inserted another halftime pep talk on playful request from his teammates, and then promptly added the final tally for his team after being moved to the striking line about ten minutes into the second half. Ryan (#11) took a hard won feed from Mia -- her team-leading fifth assist on the season. Mia worked the ball down the right flank past two defenders before her perfect cross. Ryan moved in from the left side and took that cross past resistance from a defender and the Smokies goalkeeper at the far post, for the highlight goal of the day. The two slapped hands after the beautiful play. "That's the stuff we practice," said Miley. "That play was exactly who we are."
Ryan's second goal was the fifth Canes shot of the quarter, and fifteenth of sixteen that his team would take this day. It was the play that locked things down for the Canes before the final water break. Everything after that would settle mostly back into the trenches at midfield. "That's the moment we took the match for our own," said Miley. "Ryan practices what he preaches. He has seven goals for his squad, and each of them meant more to his team than just a score. His goals swing his team forward to victory. Ryan is not just a winner. He moves his team to winning ways."
The Hurricanes then held onto the U15 league's first shutout of this spring season. The Hurricanes defense silenced the Smokies especially in the second half, allowing no shots at all. "They had two scary good chances on our net," said Miley, "and we squandered more than our fair share, so we have some work to do. Thirteen of our shots on goal were saved, and we knocked three over the bar from close range -- we will be working more on our shots. Josh Gangelhoff had a good day in goal, and our diamond defense picked up the league's first shutout of the season today. Our defense is coming along nicely."
Handling their first rematch with strong focus and resolve against the hard working Smokies, the Hurricanes maintain their perfect start, outscoring all opponents so far, 29-7. It would appear that their teamwork and confidence continue to build momentum for more heavy impact. "We know the difference between respect and fear," said their coach. "We respect how hard that squad worked and the way they came at us with all they had. But we also knew we had nothing to be afraid of if we just went on with the business of who we are together -- we are very simply a hard-working, passing team. That is what we expect of ourselves."
On Saturday, October 13th, Ocala's Big Sun Soccer Complex rolled into some more pleasant fall weather, with a crisp and sunny morning. By the time the sun was higher for the U15 midseason 11:00 kickoff between the 4-0 Ocala Hurricanes and the 2-2 Reds, both squads were ready for a good run. "It wasn't so humid or up in the 90s like our first four matches," said Canes Coach Fred Miley. "We train to be a strong second half squad, so I think we had a little more in our tank this time for how we like to finish."
In the 12th minute, Ryan Gorman fought for a loose ball to knock home the first Hurricanes score. That brought an important early edge into the first water break, staging more hard work and good communication shortly after the break with an assist from Lainey Liles to fellow striker Tessa Ward. "Our girls worked out that goal with good communication and hustle," said their coach. About ten minutes later, Red brought a breakaway up their right flank led by their big striker Drake, who nailed what would be the only Reds tally from about ten yards out. Ryan Gorman was apparently irked by this and less than two minutes later answered with another unassisted goal of his own, off another loose ball -- his fifth goal on the season. "Ryan knows how to harness his emotions for the good of the team," said his coach. "He has the respect of his teammates and can quite deliberately bring a great spark for our fighting spirit at any time. He was involved with three goals today, and had a few words for the squad at halftime."
The Hurricanes took that 3-1 lead into halftime, but blew the game out in the second half. Tessa Ward knocked in the fourth Canes goal (her eighth on the season) in short order, off an assist from Ryan, bringing the widening edge to 4-1 at the second water break, to start the fourth quarter. That's when striker Tre Ward recognized some fatigue in the Red defense and attacked those seams with three consecutive unassisted goals. "Tre was just sealing our deal with those three late runs. We had to take him out before he tore a hole in the net," said Miley.
The Hurricanes meet their midseason mark at 5-0, outscoring all five of their opponents, 26-7. "We're off to a strong start, but we know we are remembered for how we finish, not for how we start. The rest of the season will consist of five rematches for all six squads. This is a classy, hard working team. We prize our sportsmanship first. Our players expect excellence from themselves and each other. They will show up with their best teamwork each Saturday," their coach said. "We measure ourselves against ourselves from the week before."
For Game 6, the #1 Hurricanes (5-0 this season, and 22-0-1 across their first three seasons) face the #2 Smokies (Gray squad, 3-2) on Field 3, Saturday, October 20th. That's the early match this time, at 9:30. Players should arrive at 8:45 for warm-ups.
Possible practice cancellations will be announced on our team app or on our team text threads. We are expecting heavy rains and high winds across the peninsula this week. Feel free to text or call Coach Miley if you are uncertain of word on our Tuesday or Thursday practices.
On Saturday, October 6th, the Ocala Hurricanes added to their perfect start, with a 5-2 win over the tough Aqua squad, out-shooting them, 13-3, for the convincing win. Widening an early two-game lead over the field of contenders, the 4-0 Hurricanes (21-0-1 across three seasons) rode a hat trick from Tessa Ward, who broke through the resistance just a few minutes into the match, off an assist from her brother Tre.
"I saw Tessa in the try-outs," said her coach, Fred Miley, "and I did not want to coach against her. I wanted to coach for her. She has a lot of go-getter-grit, and an instant full heart in her decisions. That's an advantageous quality in this sport. She's dynamite in a laser beam with soccer decisions. Doesn't even need a mental process to jam for a soccer ball. Some players in a youth league enjoy soccer, some love soccer, and some are just here to learn a new sport. And then there's the occasional kid who also is hard-wired for what soccer demands. That's our #9. Our team is hitting a passionate fighting stride now, and our girl Tess likes to be at the point of the spear. So that's where we put her."
The Hurricanes took that 1-0 edge into the first water break, but Aqua was there to fight also, and answered with their first shot from running behind the last Canes defender (offsides position) to receive a long pass, setting up an easy surprise one on one for a score before halftime. "We thought the call was missed," said Miley, "but we easily shrugged it off because we know we miss coaching calls, too, and sometimes uncertain officiating calls or non-calls go our way, too. We really like that officiating crew and we know we're lucky to have that head referee at our level." The Hurricanes knew they had to reach down as a team for their own mojo, and the second half would become just that kind of story once again.
After the first water break, the second quarter began tilting toward anyone's match, with skirmishes going both ways. "We found ourselves playing more defense than usual after the first break," said Miley. "That got our attention."
Ryan Gorman certainly noticed the shift from Hurricanes dominance to a stalemate, and shared a challenge with the squad at halftime. "Hey, this is for all of us. We all have to scrap for the loose balls if we want to take this game back. That's how we're gonna take this." Ryan's teammates apparently took his challenge to heart, because the next four goals for the Hurricanes would not only lock the game out of range, but by no coincidence, all four were unassisted, directly from stolen or loose balls. The Hurricanes took a "skirmish and shoot" approach and made it pay. First, Tessa got things going off a steal for the go ahead goal. Then Ryan's twin brother Jack struck from the back line off a loose ball, landing his first tally of the year and what would turn out to be the winner. Then Tessa scooped up another loose ball and added the squad's fourth goal with a quick strike from distance for her first hat trick. Her brother Tre followed the new team pattern with another strike off a loose ball, for a 5-1 firm handle on the match. Aqua scored late with a high bomber from distance, and the Hurricanes answered that with more gale force winds around the Aqua net, banging out five more shots and winning two more corner kicks in the final ten minutes before the contest was settled, 5-2.
The first place Hurricanes next face Coach Peterson's Red squad at 11:00, Saturday the 13th, on Field 4, where both squads practice. "We scrimmaged them last week with a 2-0 win across 30 minutes," said Canes head coach Miley. "So we kind of know each other from that and from sharing the practice field. Coach Peterson knows what he's doing, and we appreciate his sportsmanship and diligence with his players. We know they have a strong attack when things are clicking for them. We aim to disrupt that and bring our game to them. Ten of our players have been involved with our scoring in the first four matches. We generally get better as the game goes on. Our kids have worked hard to be a strong second half team with their conditioning and their learning on the fly. They understand the importance of keeping a level head under challenge. We are a feisty bunch, so the feistier the better. The competition makes everyone better."
On Saturday, September 29th, through the noonday nineties in North Central Florida, the Navy Blue Ocala Hurricanes hammered out a 6-1 win versus the Burgundy squad, to continue their perfect start at 3-0. That also extended their undefeated streak to 20-0-1 across the last three seasons.
Defensive captain and sweeper Josh Sieradzki, who has been an integral part of all 21 matches, affirmed, "We're working together well. Each week is better. We just need to keep talking out there." Indeed, the Hurricanes do work relentlessly with competitive drills each practice, and expect to finish practices with wind sprints to be ready for the persisting heat wave next Saturday versus Aqua. "We are tougher fighters with each match," said Canes Coach Fred Miley after the win. "We have locked onto a few key drills that push our competitive edge for endurance and contact plays. We have some snarly habits now when it comes to winning loose balls. Nobody is scared of contact, nobody waits for the ball, and nobody fades in the second half. Even our newcomers Chase and Emily have stepped up very competitively. There is nobody just learning to kick a ball anymore. Our kids are connecting already as an exciting squad to watch. They are already at a premier U15 level. Josh wasn't kidding. We build from the back line each season, and he knows. We are a team now."
Hurricanes speaking captain Ryan Gorman won the toss and elected to defend the south goal first, with a slight breeze at the Canes' backs. Two of the Canes girls opened scoring in the eighth minute as striker Lainey Liles took a smooth assist from left midfielder Mia Liebegott, after a give and go from Lainey originally, who ran back to midfield after that razzle dazzle with a big smile for her friends. "We have some very smart and tough girls on our squad," said their coach. "They don't back down for anyone, and they have a lot of fun. All six of our girls are not big and not older players, but our girls are bold, smart, creative and skilled. In a lot of ways, Angie is the heart of the team, and has a great manner of expecting the most of herself in the very grueling outside midfield position, with a smile for everyone. Tessa stands out as probably the scrappiest striker in the league -- she is a fighter down to the bone, stays connected with her passing, and knows her windows for hard, accurate shots. As a striker, she's also one of the best natural defenders on the team, which helps us surprise defenders who keep the ball too long, because she can strip it from some of these bigger boys who underestimate her, and very quickly flip the script. GiGi is our smallest player and will take on the world with her fearless hustle and smarts around the ball as a striker. She has a rugged work ethic, and we see her creating many chances late in a match when others can't keep up. Our newcomer Emily is locking down the right side with plenty of reps now, and she's as good as any defender, with a learning curve as eager as you want. She is reading a soccer book to become more informed in her first season. Mia brings a load of experience and skill, with vision and composure. Nothing rattles her. She is a stellar student and thrives on challenge, with some of her best plays happening under pressure. Our nine boys are there like their brothers. It's a solid team and we have a lot of fun. There's definitely a lot of laughter even as we work hard in practices. And you can hear their humor in the matches."
In short order after the Liles/Liebegott goal, striker Ryan Gorman took a lead pass from Nate "Q" Quiroz, and nailed his first tally of the season. Both boys went up on the boards together with that play, and it was only a warm-up for more things to come from Captain Ryan. The Canes finished the first quarter with a 2-0 lead going into the first water break. "Every water break was important today," said Miley. "We were missing two players, and rotated our two subs in and out of the midfield and striking line frequently. Only a few defenders never came out."
In the thirtieth minute Ryan took another assist from Mia for his next goal, and the Hurricanes gulped down water and Gatorade at halftime with a solid 3-0 start. "At that point we felt good about what we were doing out there," said Miley. The opening of the second half found the Hurricanes sharking around the Burgundy net with even more confidence. Just a few minutes in, Mia threw the ball in from the left touchline to a bolting friend of hers, Tessa Ward, who made quick work of goal #4, her personal third on the season. Mia's third assist in a match is an all-time squad record. Burgundy decided enough was enough and put together a strong counterattack off a back line steal, catching a couple of Hurricanes defenders out of position for the transition. "We don't have our first shutout yet," said Miley, whose squad has outscored opponents 14-4 in the first three matches, "but we are learning from the goals we give up. That was a positioning issue on a fast counterattack that generally requires a bit more experience than our wing backs have at this point, but they both are fast learners, and the lesson won't be lost on them."
Coach Corey noticed that the Burgundy squad was keying on Tre Ward, who led the Canes in goals the first two matches. "Coach Corey picked up on this when we subbed Tre out. That approach of theirs was no accident," said Miley with a smile. "They had some intelligence on our operations," he added with a bigger smile. "But that's what we like. You think you can lock us out because you key on one player, and we will hit you with our whole team. We don't lean on one player or another, and we are very tough on teams who do. That's our public philosophy: be a team. All of our kids come out fighting, and anyone on our squad can step up and score. We see that in practice all the time." Before the second water break, Lainey knocked in her second goal of the day and third on the season, by pouncing on a shot rebounded off the Burgundy goalkeeper. "Lainey's really picking up some timing and positioning on that top line lately," said Miley. "She is seeing the development of each play and wisely learning the art of being in motion off the ball for her chances on net."
At the water break, Coach Corey asked Ryan and Lainey his daughter who would get a hat trick? It turned out to be Ryan, with help from Angie Loforte's first assist. All three of his first goals on the season came tumbling into the squad's first hat trick. "Ryan is one of only three players who has done that for us over the last three seasons," Miley noted. We were glad to see Q and Angie get up on the boards, as well as Mia contributing her own hat trick of assists. We had some great fighters today. Logan Richie fought very hard for loose balls and presented strong attacking challenges around their net. His older brother Chase Richie did well on the one save he needed on his first day as goalkeeper, stepping up for Josh Gangelhoff who could not be here. All in all, a strong outing on a very hot day."
The 3-0 Hurricanes face Coach Hart's 2-1 Aqua squad next Saturday, October 6th, on Field 3, at Ocala's Big Sun Soccer Complex. "We will set up our players as fighters for this one," said their coach. "We know Coach Hart leads his squad with an intense style, and his kids don't quit. Our focus is on competing against ourselves each week. We aim to be better than we were the week before. We expect a fight from Aqua, but we aim to take our fight to them and wear them down in the heat. We calmly believe we can do that. Nobody outworks these kids, and we are starting to own the confidence that comes with the work."
⚽️ North Central Florida's Big Sun Youth Soccer League's U15 Division kicked off its second Saturday of the Fall 2018 season with 25 goals scored in three matches. The Ocala Hurricanes had to work very hard for their five. With the club's 19th win in their third season, the Hurricanes maintained their undefeated trail. They did this hosting a well contested 5-1 win in a first match with Coach Demeola's Gray squad, to move into first place. The Hurricanes have worked hard to rebuild their chemistry around only four returning players, and their strong beginning hasn't missed a stride. The squad continues its reputation as a hard working passing team with a commitment to excellence. "This is a good league for friendly competition," said Hurricanes Head Coach Fred Miley after the match. "We have some great families backing these kids on all sides. They hear a lot of cheers, and you can hear coaches cheering for players on both sides as the relationships continue with the families from other seasons. And everyone is putting in the work to improve each week. We aim to be our own best competition. Soccer leads young athletes into a level work ethic through their ups and downs, and a steady mentality as a team. We keep the soccer in soccer as we expect the best of ourselves learning the sport. Otherwise, we're just kicking a ball. Everybody truly wants to play well, and our two newcomers to the sport are looking comfortable in competitive practices with more experienced players. That's what we're after. We want our kids feeling confident about what they can do together as a team. They all are ready for the matches in a positive learning environment. Teams that focus on building character together often achieve winning results. The scoreboard is not the only measure of winning results. We had an excellent week of practice before today's match. We like our progress."
Hurricanes speaking captain and stopper back Jack Gorman reported the Gray squad won the toss and the Hurricanes would take the opening kickoff north. The first eight minutes went bouncing mostly around the midfield with skirmishes as the two squads grappled for whose brand of ball would set the pace. The Hurricanes eventually reined in the kick and run style of their opponents and started working their shorter passing to take the balance of possession time for most of the attacks. The windows for shots started opening for the hard working Navy Blue Canes, and the crowd could hear mostly Hurricanes doing the talking as they threaded their setups together. In the tenth minute, midfielder Tre Ward snatched a loose ball and knocked in the first tally from just outside the box. A few short minutes later, Tre stole a ball from a Gray midfielder and buried another goal from distance. The Hurricanes enjoyed their first water break in the 18th minute with a 2-0 lead, but the Gray squad set up a throw down the right touch line that found #10 sneaking past two defenders for a quick goal on their only shot of the entire match. "I think that was a first for me as a coach, seeing one goal on only one shot for a whole match," said Coach Miley, "but it was a very well played goal that was well deserved by both the thrower and #10."
The Canes bounced back before halftime with a hard shot from the left flank by Mia Liebegott, which bounced off the keeper's knee for Tessa Ward to finish. "All of our kids know to follow our shots," said Miley. "All of our drills are competitive, encouraging soccer decisions under pressure. We are a team geared for battle. Even the newcomers are onto this after just a few weeks. Tess was just repeating a competitive drill from practice. She is a very fast learner and one of the most aggressive strikers in our league. She was just being herself today, and that landed her two goals."
The second half belonged to the Hurricanes, as Tessa (Tess for short) knocked in another one off her brother Tre's assist. The Canes finished with possibly the best highlight reel, as Lainey Liles headed in a high assist from striker Jackson Walker relaying Tre's corner kick across the goal mouth to the far post. Liles was happy to finish that play just seconds before the final whistle. "That's just one of those plays the Liles family will always remember," said Miley, "because their girl played it perfectly, and it could never be done again exactly like that. A once in a lifetime play. And I'll always remember her daddy's smile after that play. Because he was no longer my assistant coach at that moment. He was all daddy."
The Canes out-shot the Gray squad, 14-1, for the 5-1 result. "The match was closer than the score," said Miley. "The Gray squad played with a lot of heart, and Quadarius Mitchell anchored their defense with a lot of well timed tackles. They played us tough and with great sportsmanship. We needed some stellar goals to stay ahead. Their goalkeeper was smart about cutting down angles and saved nine of our shots -- that's not easy. He also played well on their right wing when he switched out to the field."
"These matches are becoming a real family affair," said Miley. "I met Mia's grandfather after the match, and we all noticed how packed the opposite touch line was with a lot of people cheering for the kids with both sides. We love to see that kind of support for both teams. We have three sets of siblings on the squad. We like it when they get to connect in the matches. It means a lot to the families, so we try to put them in positions where they can connect. We think soccer is about the families, not just the players. That's why we run our gratitude lap at the end of every match to thank them. The kids on both sides can feel the support."
Following are some of the latest stats and scores as the Hurricanes jump out to an early sole possession of first place.
On a sweltering, humid mid-September Saturday, the Ocala Hurricanes kicked off their fall season versus Coach Moreno's Royal Blue squad with a completely new look, leaning on three of four returnees and eleven newcomers to bring the new chemistry for a third consecutive championship run. The temperature was over 90 degrees by the second half, and the humidity pushed the heat index up around 100. The Hurricanes, with sweeper Josh Sieradzki captaining the defense in front of goalkeeper Josh Gangelhoff, withstood about fifteen minutes of an early rush from Moreno's Blue Crew. "Our diamond defense worked well to stave off their early surge," said Hurricanes head coach Fred Miley.
Catalyzed by some aggressive play from Jack and Ryan Gorman and Tessa Ward, the Hurricanes wrestled to turn the tide, as those three initiated attacking triangles with Tre Ward, Mia Liebegott, Laney Liles, and Angie Loforte. By the 18th minute, Tre found enough daylight just outside the box for a hard shot rattling the crossbar, announcing the Hurricanes were there for a fight. "Tre's first shot was like a warning shot that got us all feeling we were in fact in this thing toe to toe," said Miley. "We were up against some older players, and were without our only 15-year-old, and Tre stepped up as a clear leader. This was just a matter of believing in ourselves and each other, and the choices to fight started to spread for us."
Shortly after that bit of drama, 12-year-old Logan Richie raced off the bench to make a difference among the mostly taller players. Logan wasted no time scooping up a loose ball and laying out a perfect assist to Mia running full stride for a casual strike into the net. "Just like our hot box drill," Coach Miley remarked. "They worked together like it was nothing. Logan's initiative made that happen, and Mia kept a cool head as usual for the finish. A very businesslike first goal for us."
On the ensuing kickoff, Tre showed up as a thief, ripping the ball for himself, beating two defenders, and plugging another one into the net. "Bang Bang. Like John Wayne just showed up," said Miley. "Until those two shots by Mia and Tre, they were outshooting us."
The Hurricanes were not only missing Nate "Q" Quiroz, their oldest and strongest returning player, and a field leader, but also Assistant Coach Corey Liles. Aaron Sieradzki stepped in for Coach Corey. "Coach Corey is always a huge difference maker for us, so we missed both him and Q today in a big way, but our kids didn't let that distract them. They believe in each other and we believe in them as a team. They just had to find out what that feels like and looks like under fire."
The Hurricanes took their 2-0 lead into their halftime talk. By then, the heat was making its mark on all of the kids on both sides, and substitutions were necessary at all the right times and positions. "The strength and confidence of our team was clear at halftime," said Miley.
"Our team has six girls, the most of any team in the league, and I'm proud of that. Right around 13, 14, or 15 is when boys usually catch up to or pass the girls with their size. That's our U15 level, and we have mostly younger girls. Still, all six of our girls took on some of their bigger boys straight on, just like they do in practice. Our girls hold their own with no fear. GiGi Leon went up against boys almost twice her size and made them pay for underestimating her quickness and smarts around the ball. Our pressure drills had our kids ready not only for contact, but for the endurance they would need to hang onto the second half. Boy or girl, our team was best conditioned for that heat, and mentally ready for battle."
Moreno's Crew was obviously tweaked and prodded during their halftime talk, because they came out banging away again, using their athleticism and early energy well to win some balls and orchestrate attacks. Their first two attacks of the new half were turned away by Sieradzki and company, as the Hurricanes made some counter-attacks down the touch line. At the 51st minute, Moreno's strikers set up a crossing run with a misdirection shot to finally punch through the Hurricanes diamond. Gangelhoff never had a chance, the shot was so well placed. Much as Tre had done in the first half, the Blue squad siezed the Canes kickoff and flipped the script with a fast second goal of their own. Coach Miley soothed his fighters with the reminder: "Hey, it's zero-zero again. You know what to do. Fight!"
And that is what the Hurricanes did. Loose balls suddenly seemed to have a Hurricanes signature on them through the final fifteen minutes of the match, as the best conditioned team took control. "We were able to settle the contest into better possession time for us, which eventually tipped the match toward our opportunities. We expected our conditioning and our passing would prevail. Our kids knew they had worked for that late edge and they took it," said Miley.
The Hurricanes generated three late surges on the Blue net as they grabbed control of the match. Emily Metzler held out several tries on her right defensive side, and a couple of times sent the ball up to Jackson Walker, rotating in for Loforte who had battled the heat and opponent most of the match at right midfield. Jackson's fresh legs shook up the match like lightning and put the Blue squad back on its heels. The first response to the tie score was a beautiful shot by midfielder Ryan Gorman from a shallow angle over twenty yards out, finding the back of the net like a heat-seeking missile. The shot was called back because of a late offsides call. "That was more potential adversity for our mindset, because none of us could see how Ryan was offside. I had to ask for a clarification of the call, to pinpoint a player for that call. The head ref was clearly backing the linesman, as he should, because he was not in position like the coaches and linesman on the opposite side were. I believe in only making an inquiry, not an argument. An extremely hot and humid match is more difficult not only to play, but also to officiate with perfect positioning. Our kids know that coaches and officials are as imperfect as they are, but I can tell you our kids faced a real mental challenge with that call, and they overcame it together with more attacks on net. I was proud of their composure. That had nothing to do with anything but them and their own resolve."
The Hurricanes scrapped for a loose ball on their left flank, with Chase Richie coming out on the winning end, and laying the ball ahead to Laney Liles, who tapped it across to Tre Ward running an interior gap, which he exploited past two defenders to knock home the winner, his second tally of the day. The Hurricanes held onto their winning margin the final ten minutes with superior possession time and continuing pressure on the Blue goal. "We really took the match into our own hands down the stretch," said their coach. "We had better defensive support systems in place, and were more level headed and confident with our hard won opportunities. They had seven shots on goal to our six, but we scored on half of our tries."
Supporters on both sides could not tell which way the match would go. In the heavy heat, the contest became a battle of wills and endurance. "That was a strong opponent. They tested us well," said Miley. "Sieradzki and Gangelhoff held down the fort against a tough and persisting attack from some good experienced players, and did not get rattled or hang their heads when many other defenders and goalkeepers at this level might have. They held true to what we believe about ourselves and each other. They held together our team as the backbone of it. We needed teamwork and endurance to overcome several adversities beyond the heat."
Coach Miley is convinced the pre-season training was the real difference-maker. "Half of our six training sessions these last three weeks had to be made up on different days due to lightning and heavy rain cancellations. I don't think the other teams were doing that. We arrived for opening day with all six sessions underpinning our teamwork. In training, our passing and formations under pressure were the emphasis. Our kids worked hard. They were ready to win an endurance test with older and bigger kids, and that's exactly what they did."
The Hurricanes, since their arrival last fall in Ocala's Big Sun Youth Soccer League, remain undefeated after all 20 matches so far. "Team-building requires buy-in from team members," Coach Miley explained. "This was a very competitive match that required our very best. We all have our opinions and approaches with the game, and with young people learning it. Early in a season, I like to be clear about my thinking. My style is not so much about what I expect of others, but more about how we can agree on what we expect of ourselves. People can give lip service to rec league being "non-competitive", but the fact is, both squads, like these two today, are truly attacking and defending opposite goals with all they have. All the coaches at this level do actually employ their best strategies as they give all of their players their best chances at success."
"So I'm not into pretending. ALL the coaches are working hard to help our players learn the game well. Each kid needs to feel their own role in different positions, formations, and scenarios. There are always pressure decisions to make in this sport. You can't take the soccer out of soccer or dumb it down, no matter how hard you want to try. It's more fun as a team gels with rising skills and better connections, and less fun without that. Sooner or later, kids do figure out how to kick even when they're not coached, and they do figure out which goals they are defending and attacking. Soccer by nature is always competitive, and we can teach kids to reach for excellence or not. My families are on board with a team working for excellence. All the players chose that when given the choice on Day 1. We don't care what level someone else wants to call us or whether we are labeled premier or competitive or rec when we signed up. This is not about labels. Coach Corey and I already feel we have premier kids who love competition, so we're taking this group as far as they want to go and as fast as they want to go, for no extra charge. We really don't care much about these elite sort of labels, and our kids don't feel any ceiling on what they will do this season. We are working with some high quality kids and they already understand excellence. Soccer is what it is, and it always requires work before the playing really gets fun. We'll take any group of kids and take them as far as they want to go. We get that, they get that, and that is how we go at it. Kids will do well together if they are encouraged to operate as a good team does. They will rise higher than we think, if we only show the way and let them play."
"This is a good league because we have a director who encourages excellence of character at all levels, not just excellence of play. That culture of excellence is in place. At the beginning of each season, all the coaches buy into their golden opportunities to take these kids forward in soccer and life. Soccer wouldn't be any fun if we just kicked the ball anywhere. All teams have a goal to reach, the score is kept, and the teams who work together best usually get the most goals. So, we say to our team, soccer is about working together as well as possible. We are helping middle schoolers and young high schoolers experience the world's greatest team sport with uniquely built teams under different coaches who care about the whole kid. All our kids get that, and they love working for that true team experience. Each new season, our six U15 teams are jumbled, with maybe three or four players returning to each squad. That creates a lot of fun for our volunteer coaches to put something special together in a short time."
"One coach asked why I don't coach 'competitive' level. I had to smile. My answer to him was that I believe excellence in a sport should always be a choice at any level. Personally, I'm especially passionate about beginning players having an opportunity to find an early love for the game by tasting many successes in their growth as a new player. I had coaches who did that for me, and now I'm giving back. I cannot speak for other coaches or tell them where or how they should coach, but as for our team, it is our players who are always offered on Day 1 that choice of excellence as a goal, and they want it every time. Each coach handles Day 1 in their own way. We look for buy-in on what the players expect of themselves. They get to own their direction from the beginning, and they always respond to that ownership with plenty of focus and progress."
"Coach Corey and I are very impressed with how far and fast the early development is coming along for our two newcomers to soccer, Emily Metzler and Chase Richie. Seeing new players pull down their skills and confidence this early is an absolutely high reward for us as coaches. We know we are responsible for our team and nobody else's. We take pride in our players and especially how they are growing as young people who are stepping into new expressions and leadership through soccer. We understand the culture we aim to lead, and we are responsible for the sportsmanship and gratitude of our players. Each team has a special mix of families, it's own dreams, and its own character opportunities. We support the best interactions possible for all the BSYSL families, and we say and try to show this early. The kids are always willing to give their best when they can feel a team that is serious about bringing out the best in each other as they find more fun with better skills and better teamwork, in a good league that supports their best efforts.
The culture of each team is up to the coaches to lead. We'll be happy to see other teams get a flag or a website or an app, if they so choose, to keep the enthusiasm and communication open and lively. But the real substance of a season is achieved in practice. Our Hurricanes families always bring a big, happy, positive crowd to responsibly back ALL the kids in any match. Our message is that soccer is for ALL the people, and that is why it is for the families. Every kid matters, whether they can afford Premier League or some kind of elite travel team or not. Coach Corey and I agree it's exciting to coach players new to the sport and see their progress in just a few weeks take them to the level of players with several years on them. That's what we call elite. We are proud of Emily and Chase for this awesome beginning.
"As for Hurricanes Soccer, everyone keeps buying into our simple identity as a hard working passing team committed to excellence. I have never seen a newcomer to the sport who did not want to rise to the level around them. Even a year or two with the game can make a big difference, but there are some drills that promote "soccer decisions" better than others. These are the competitive drills, and they don't usually involve a lot of cones or talking or standing around. There is no ego in good coaching, because every minute is for the kids, and they learn best in action. Coach Corey and I are good for each other's approach. We like to keep them moving."
"Our kids are good thinkers on the fly because that's all we do. We buy in on Day 1, and then go to work to be the best we can be. A steady mentality is very important for young athletes. It's truly amazing how far kids can go together when they learn to believe in themselves and their teammates. That is the simple focus we need to overcome whatever we face. The mentality of an overcomer is always a mark of our Ocala Hurricanes players by late season, but I was very glad to see this sort of shared composure in our opening match, even without two of our leaders."
"Our families can see at practices how these players are putting in the work and believing in each other. These kids deserve all the credit. Soccer is not rocket science, but it requires a lot of work to play it simple. Our parents and players are clear about the messages from their coaches, and we are seeing our kids stepping up as leaders already. I know our games will be a blast again, and our game stories are for the family scrapbooks. The beautiful plays will continue to come together as these kids build their connections and feel all the families behind them. Yes, we are bragging on our kids. That's why we have a team website. This is not just about soccer. It's also about life. Do we try to score more goals than the other team does? Yes. Do we aim for the first place medal? Of course. We teach our kids most of all to be better than they were the week before, as a team. That's because our kids are infinitely important and when we believe in them and notice their efforts in the world's greatest competitive team sport, we set them into motion to be whatever they may be. This is a lot like shooting arrows. Our kids will fly far if our belief in them is the drawn bowstring."
This is a team website meant to keep our team's families up to speed with our team's season. Game officials record scores after each BSYSL match. League officials record standings. League officials award first place medals at the end of each season. As with most youth leagues, participation is honored and achievement is rewarded. The Ocala Hurricanes consider soccer a competitive sport that includes achievement, and therefore we also track scores and standings by jersey colors in order to help our players and families understand our bearings in the league. We post them on our team site to help our families and extended families keep up with our team news. The league itself tracks scores and standings by team numbers. We use jersey colors instead of team numbers, because colors are easier for players and families to identify.
We know that soccer, as the greatest world sport, will always be the people's sport. We celebrate the people, not the scoreboard. Our players and families are grateful for the opportunity to participate, which is why, after each match, we thank our opponents and officials and run an enthusiastic gratitude lap for our supporters on only our own half of the pitch -- win, lose, or draw. We know there is a medal only for first place, and no medal for participation. We are serious about that medal and we are serious about the character and fun we find pursuing excellence as a team. We are grateful for the opportunity to a be team this season. We also know that there may be a variety of perceptions of our enthusiasm and gratitude, especially as we thank our supporters after what may be a victory, which is why we now confine our expressions to our own half of the pitch. Because the Hurricanes measure themselves against themselves from the week before, in the three areas of sportsmanship, teamwork, and performance, we therefore also keep scores and standings, just as the league does, to track how we are doing among our peers. We see how measurements in any sport -- such as batting averages and shooting percentages and wins and losses and shutouts and comebacks, help players to understand the kinds of progress and improvements they may be showing in character and teamwork, not just in individual skill sets. Because our squad acknowledges soccer as the greatest competitive world sport, we consider this competition an opportunity to grow in life, which is why we prize sportsmanship, character, and teamwork first.
The way we treat people within this realm of clear competition is of paramount importance. We know that opposite goals are defended and attacked, by opposing squads, and that the sound of ball against net is what players work to achieve. We know that soccer is simply competitive by nature, and players don't just kick the ball anywhere. Soccer is not a recreational activity like walking a dog, which may be fun, but definitely is not competitive. We know that soccer has goals, just as life does. How we go about achieving those goals demands not only hard work, but teamwork. In fact, we believe "teamwork makes the dream work". One of the goals for the Ocala Hurricanes is the first place medal. We believe in reaching for the top with all we have, not because one person is more important than another, but only because the nature of a competitive sport can bring out the best in all of us if we choose to let our best choices prevail. This is why our sportsmanship along the way is our highest goal and prize. We know that it can be expected for the successes of any organization to come under scrutiny, particularly with youth sports. What we teach our children as priorities will always be extremely important. Please address any questions about the Ocala Hurricanes team philosophy directly to Coach Miley. Thank you. ⚽️
The undefeated Ocala Hurricanes (17-0-1 across their first two seasons) enter a third BSYSL U15 season this fall with four returning players: sweeper Josh Sieradzki, midfielder/goalkeeper Nate "Q" Quiroz, midfielder Angie LoForte, and striker Laney Liles. The league switched to a draft format for team selections, which typically jumbled teams almost unrecognizably, season to season. "This season, coaches could at least hang onto a few familiar players if they weren't snatched too soon by other coaches," said Canes head coach Fred Miley. "This is a great youth league with a lot of excellent and caring coaches. It's always a lot of fun especially to see how fast the newcomers to the sport will pick up skills and start building their confidence. It's a great place for players to learn and grow with soccer as the medium, because the family support is absolutely amazing. We lost a lot of key players from last season as they focused on Blessed Trinity's defending parochial champion squad this fall. During tryouts Coach Corey Liles and I scanned for good team attitudes and coachability as we rebuilt through the draft. I believe what Don Shula said years ago about his perfect '72 team: 'You win with good people.' We were looking for players with families who are well known to be positive and supportive role models (two former coaches) with other kids, not just their own. Our family philosophy and approach is central to all we do, so we rebuilt our fall squad with this priority first. We deliberately selected three sets of siblings to support our family unity."
New players are: Jack and Ryan Gorman, Chase and Logan Richie, Tre and Tessa Ward, Josh Gangelhoff, GiGi Leon, Mia Liebegott, and Emily Metzler. "Both newcomers to the sport of soccer, Emily and Chase, are intelligent and athletic, showing a quick learning curve with the more experienced players swirling around them," said Miley. "We should be ok. Especially with this collective work ethic. More than ok."
The New Canes will retain their dark blue and white uniforms, now generously sponsored by El Toreo Mexican Restaurant, owned by Luis Quiroz. Along with other squads, the Canes were rained out of both scheduled practices this week, but made up what they missed with training sessions on Friday and Saturday. "Every preseason training session is important, as all coaches know," said Miley. "We were coming together with our first two sessions, and the kids were just waiting for enough sunshine to get back at it. I think we are the only squad that made up what we missed this week. Coach Corey and I like our group. They are putting in the work."
The historical past of psychiatric mental health has come a great distance or it might be better mentioned that the examine of psychiatric psychological well being has come a good distance. Skulls recovered and dated back to 5000 BC have giant holes drilled into the edges of their head to release the demon spirits that possessed them.
In May 2014, WHO revealed a major report called Health for the world’s adolescents”. The report analyses what is understood about adolescents’ well being, including what promotes or undermines it, highlights gaps in insurance policies and services, and draws together guidance and proposals from across WHO. The report, which focuses on the well being sector, examines areas of great enhancements and progressive approaches. Cost effectivity in treatments offered in 19 separate healthcare classes in hospitals and medical facilities. These centers have been developed to aide in an American, Puerto Rican, and US Virgin …
By this quarterly publication we will likely be offering information about precept nutrition indicators, details, new knowledge and occasions to all. The audience might be medical professionals, policy makers , undergraduate and publish-graduate college students and anyone who is fascinated on nutrition standing of Sri Lanka. The prime objective of this publication can be to make the scientifically gathered up-to-date nutrition knowledge obtainable , whenever needed.
For those that struggle with weight or well being problems, a trip to a nutritionist is a must. They may give sound advice, and develop meal guidelines and plans based on an individual’s health and life-style. Individual nutrition counseling may be much more efficient than general ideas, since it’s tailored particularly for an individual. It is particularly necessary to get youngsters concerned with nutritionists if they are experiencing health or weight problems, since habits may be reformed easier at an earlier age.
Going ahead, it’s recognized that the illness had a chance of staging a comeback from the margins of the intervening filling. When dental cariesre-happens, a recurrent dental caries always necessitate a larger filling in contrast with the initial one. The most goal of dental caries administration is hinged on the identifiable elements of its etiology, nay-the behavioral and the bacterial. Risk management therefore opens a front for efficient administration of dental caries.
In public sector, the financial subsidy given by the nationwide government for the operations of public hospital, and health programs are measured by the effectiveness in relation to the prevention and control for the potential improve of sufferers from the target purchasers on this well being packages. This is computed by the CEA and CUA. What are the employee’s out-of-pocket bills for health care? Co-pays and premiums are usually non-negotiable gadgets as effectively. These quantities have been established …
Mud treatments are one of many smartest ways of pampering your pores and skin and making it youthful and smooth as doable. But if you would like a extra speedy effect, use a deep sea black mud. Yes, this can be a very effective product extracted from the very depth of the Dead Sea.
Affordable Family Health Insurance does not imply poor high quality insurance coverage protection; this solely means that you’re taking advantage of the competitors within the insurance market right now. If you store round you will note that there are multiple hundred insurer out there and all of them providing the same policy at a various value. So this time is finest time to get an insurance for you and your family however this is better for these on the lookout for small enterprise medical insurance plans because these insurers will offer you the very best value …
Copyright ©2018 Health & Green Life	. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & Designed by Cyclone Themes
over the time it has been ranked as high as 319 499 in the world, is tracked by us since April, while most of its traffic comes kicktipp kosten from Germany, 2011.Or be notified about em pro tipp new events?
Earlier this month, a Reddit user known as Blochte claimed he was conducting a study to determine the effects of ASMR trigger videos on the brain, primarily in an attempt to learn which parts of the brain were being activated. He has to date looked at the effects of these videos on people who claim to not experience ASMR, and soon wishes to begin scanning people who do experience it. So he has reached out to people on Reddit and our forum over at Research & Support to see if anyone is interested in volunteering. Blochte now has approval to conduct these studies, so people are welcome to apply.
The study should take place within the next month or two, the location being Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, USA. It should, according to Blochte, happen all on one day for about a total of 1.5 to 2 hours. Those who can make the journey – please try, as the community at large would really love nothing more than to get answers, and this may well be the way we’ll get them. The reports of the study will be hopefully be published in May, 2013.
It has been suggested that financial compensation might be possible but only for a limited audience, obviously. People who live near enough, as in the North Eastern United States, might be able to carpool in order to reach the destination. Jenn, the ASMR Research & Support team organiser has offered to do this for anyone who can’t otherwise make the trip. You can email her at temporcanary at gmail dot com with any queries.
You can reach Blochte on Reddit and the forum by sending him a private message, or you may email him at bryson(dot)c(dot)lochte(at)dartmouth(dot)edu. Make sure to include “ASMR” somewhere in the subject field.
Volunteers must be over the age of 18 (it has been suggested the maximum age might be 35 in the case of too many volunteers – Blochte only wants about 12 people in total).
You must be able to have an ASMR experience with the help of a trigger video (so presumably Type B experiencers are preferred over Type A), preferably while lying in an fMRI.
You must be able to be MRI scanned. So if you have a pacemaker, metal implants, or suffer from a debilitating condition such as claustrophobia, then you unfortunately aren’t suitable.
That right there is why it's so difficult to do an ASMR study. Many of us get tingles in the context of a study or examination, so how can you isolate the effects of a specific video, or any other stimuli within that context? Hopefully they'll be enough verbal interaction to distinguish between "no tingles" and "tingles".
It’s a funny story. This one time PapaK pretended like we were going to cut down one of his precious evergreens for a Christmas tree. It was all a joke but everyone learned that I’d never cut down my own tree. Fast forward some years and mamaK surprised me with a trip to a local Christmas tree farm to chop down the family tree! The kids obviously loved it (ha!)
Archive May (1) January (1) December (2) November (2) October (2) September (1) August (5) July (1) June (3) April (1) February (2) November (2) October (5) September (5) August (6) July (9) May (5) April (6) March (6) February (7) January (7) December (4) November (5) October (3) September (1) August (2) July (2) June (3) May (7) April (6) March (4) February (7) January (1) December (2) March (1)
All photos are product and property of Ellie Kornexl unless otherwise noted. No photos should be used without permission, so if you need it just email me, please thanks!
Fully updated rancher in quiet neighborhood! Walk into new flooring and paint throughout. Cozy family room with wood burning fireplace and lots of natural lighting. Kitchen has been updated with granite countertops and tile backsplash. New appliances and eat in area. Spacious bedrooms with new carpet. Both bathrooms have granite countertops. New light fixtures. Deck out back overlooks huge backyard! Great location, close to downtown area.
Kirby Super Star Ultra Review Finally some one who knows what he is talking about wordpress.com Iga_Bobovic
Console installed base almost doubles in UK The Wii is killing the competition, DS is killing God! gamesindustry.biz Iga_Bobovic
PS4 to be based on current cell processor? PS4 to be only x2 more powerful than PS3? google.com Foolz
Gears of War 2 Opening Act Hands-on We play through the first mission in Epic's blood-soaked sequel. ign.com Iga_Bobovic
Moon new screens Fly me to the moon. Let me play among the star. Let me see what spring is like on a Jupiter and Mars. flickr.com Iga_Bobovic
Dynamic Slash Wii announced Norse Mythology action game from the makers of Earth Defence Force. neogaf.com gamingeek
DSi announcement fails to raise shares Analysts think it's not exciting enough gamesindustry.biz gamingeek
Fracture Review Take away the Star Wars name and lucasarts is exposed as a mediocre developer 5.9 ign.com Iga_Bobovic
MadStone is Next WiiWare Game The puzzle game is next on the list of downloadable releases. ign.com Iga_Bobovic
Well I owned both a SNES and Megadrive and yeah, I picked up the SNES later and the games were so good comparitively that the Megadrive/Genesis didn't come off that well though I still enjoyed a great number of games. Have you tried Mickey Mouse and the Castle of Illusion? That was my favourite megadrive game.
Colour me skeptical at the Monster Hunter screens. Any GameCube or higher quality visuals on Wii from a third-party is a warning sign of tampering.
I'm up for as much as everyone is interested in having. The base qualities are the front page and community aspects because if need be I can handle all the writing on the front-page side. In terms of doing podcasts, interviews, comics, that's where it becomes a matter of community involvement.
I had both the SNES and Genesis when they came out and I easily preferred the SNES in every aspect. The games were more colourful, had much better sound quality, had generally better graphic capabilities, transperancy effects went a long way to making things look better, and the mode 7 effects were pretty cool. I did enjoy a few games like Contra: Hard Corps, Castlevania: Bloodlines, and Gunstar Heroes but my library of games for the SNES far exceeded those I had on the Genesis. I always found Sonic to be overrated even back in his heyday. I didn't mind them but they could never hold a candle to Mario games even ones that were on the NES.
I love Treasure games through and through. Gunstar Heroes, Gaurdian Heroes, and Mischief Makers are some beloved favourites of mine. Gradius V is my favourite in the series and I'd love to see them develop another for the franchise.
As for Treasure yeah they definately aren't everybody's thing. Hell in their hey day reviewers weren't very friendly too them (just look at how Edge gave Gunstar Heroes a "6"). I enjoy their games though but aside from Sin & Punishment and Gunstar Heroes I fail to see how they are "one of the greatest developers of all-time".
Astro Boy Omega Factor was a fucking incredible GBA game - easily the best third party GBA game. Hell, not even Sega could pull off the PS2 Astro Boy game as well as they did (then again, they had SONIC TEAM developing it, that's a recipe for failure right there).
Their Bleach DS games also show that a more traditional (i.e. not what JUS does) fighter can work on the system.
The podcast one is the more interesting, but I'm saying that out of experience. If we were to do one, we'd need to figure out a format that'd work best for everyone. I mean, we could just record a Skype conversation and release that as a podcast, but you'd have to work out how to best record everyone's voice - as well as ensure that you'd get everyone recording at the same time and are comfortable in doing so. I mean, I'm about 7 hours ahead of GG and 15 or so ahead of Vader....and my internet connection sucks (then again, that's Australia's fault, not mine).
You could also record individual segments, send them to whoever's hosting the show/editing the show, but it could also make the show sounds a little..dry. Like, it's more interesting to be having a conversation than one dude talking by himself. If it was interesting, then that's ok...just you don't want it to sound boring. But the possibilty of hearing Vader freaking out over a game? Well, that might very well be the exception to the rule.
Again, this is me just speaking from experience, but if you do a podcast, there's bound to be some work and organization involved.
I never had any experience with a Treasure game before Bleach: The Blade of Fate (DS), but that game really impressed me. I think I'll be getting their second Bleach DS fighting game, Bleach: Dark Souls. Treasure is also making the next Bleach Wii fighting game, so I hope they do as well with a 3D fighter as they have with the aforementioned 2D ones.
This well-known city ranked first on the list of countries attracting overnight international visitors in the MENA region with 14.87 million visitors in 2016, up from 14.2m visitors in 2015, according to the MasterCard Global Destination Cities Index 2017.
Another emirate, which was only known for being one of the seven emirates in the UAE a few years ago, is now making bold moves forward. Its conservative nature used overshadowed its push towards visibility and developing touristic attractions, but the situation is now changing in its favor.
Stop wondering who. It’s Ras Al Khaimah (RAK). Today it is edging closer to the 900,000 visitor mark for 2017, after producing record arrivals in the first nine months of this year, according to RAK Tourism Development Authority. (RAKTDA).
The latest RAKTDA results reveal that visitor arrivals in the first nine months reached 631,617, guest nights grew 12.4 per cent, occupancy rose 1.3 per cent and reached 69.2 per cent, while length of stay came in at 3.55 days – a growth of nine per cent.
According to RAKTDA, Germany, Russia, the UK, India and Kazakhstan came in as the emirate’s top five international source markets, with the most prominent growth from Russia and arrivals growing 66.34 per cent. Other major international gains came from the Czech Republic, which delivered a 67.58 per cent growth, and Poland with arrivals soaring by 281.97 per cent.
“These results are directly attributable to the increased overseas tourism partnerships, promotional and marketing activities,” explained Haitham Mattar, CEO, RAKTDA. “We have also witnessed double-digit growth from the Nordics and Central European regions, and will be looking to further engage travel trade partners within these markets to build on nascent potential.”
RAKTDA claims that it is targeting 900,000 visitors in 2017, while it aims to attract one million visitors by the end of 2018 and RAK is expecting an influx of new hotel inventory to cope with the increasing demand.
“Hotel capacity is expected to number 15,000 to 20,000 rooms by 2025. The emirate expects to grow its accommodation stock by 4,400 rooms over the next three years with a mix of 3 to 5-star properties,” it said.
With the impressive figures registered by RAK, the emirate seems to be ready, willing and able to compete with other touristic destinations in the region.
A plus one goes for RAK for its nature and adventure tourism. RAKTDA is investing in a growing number of experiences to highlight its combination of mountainous terrain, sandy beaches, terracotta sand dunes and stunning landscapes, reveals CrownGate International, a real estate developer.
It says that among the most prominent in the recent months has been the Jebel Jais Via Ferrata (Iron Path) adventure challenge in the Hajar Mountains, which has 3 climbing, trekking and zip line paths, more than 400m above sea level.
“Jebel Jais itself is the tallest peak in the UAE and attracts thousands of visitors a year on its own and RAKTDA has also just announced a record-breaking tourist attraction set to open on Jebel Jais – the world’s longest zip line, set to open in December of this year, which will be longer than the current 2.5km world record holder in Puerto Rico,” it says.
A report by RAK Investment Authority (RAKIA) reveals that RAK is characterized by a pro-business environment, regulatory stability and robust infrastructure.
It is comprised of two dedicated industrial parks, a combined area of 30-million square meters, while providing hassle-free business setup and economical solutions to help clients compete regionally and globally.
Moreover, it offers low costs of business set-up and operations, an ease of doing business, 100% tax exemptions (no corporate or personal taxes) and 100% foreign ownership in free zone companies.
Sharjah is among the emirates that are also attracting a high number of tourists and generating a generous amount of revenues.
The Sharjah Commerce and Tourism Development Authority, SCTDA, announced that Sharjah’s hospitality sector witnessed a remarkable 7.8 percent increase in revenue during the first half of 2017, compared to the previous year, with its value reaching AED372 million.
“The total number of guests for the first half of the year reached 885,000, representing a 3.5 percent increase versus the same period in 2016. Saudi nationals occupied many of the local hotels’ lists of top guests. During the first two quarters of the year alone, hotels welcomed at least 72,000 Saudi travelers,” it said.
Dana Halawi has over seven years of experience in Journalism with articles published in multiple magazines and a newspaper in Lebanon. She specialized in Banking and Finance at the Lebanese American University and has a Master’s degree in International Affairs.
2018 Mediaquest Corp. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without written permission from Mediaquest Corp. is prohibited.
Last weekend, we took the kids to Six Flags(again!). It was bittersweet because it was going to be our last visit there before we head for home in Malaysia next week. The weather that day was spectacular: sunny, warm with a light breeze. We didn’t forget our sunscreens! 😀
The kids enjoy all our visits to this theme park, although the crowds can sometimes be unbelievably HUGE. As we bid goodbye to Six Flags, here are some pictures we took during our several visits to the park (five or six in total, maybe?). Ethan and Hannah hopes to come back again when they are tall enough to ride on all the roller-coasters though. Only time will tell when.
For the thousands of people diagnosed every year with life-threatening blood cancers like leukemia and lymphoma, a cure exists over the past 30 years be the match, operated by the national marrow donor program (nmdp), has managed the largest and most diverse marrow registry in the world. She drew another match against the wall: it was again light, and in the lustre there stood the old grandmother, so bright and radiant, so mild, and with such an expression of love. © 2018 guardian news and media limited or its affiliated companies all rights reserved.
At match, we believe in love and millions of like-minded people have come to match looking for love from the dating app that’s home to the largest pool of straight, gay and lesbian singles you could join other apps for more of the same, frustrating runaround, or you could join the app that’s created more love connections than any other. Global leader in bone marrow transplantation we conduct research to improve transplant outcomes provide support and resources for patients. Match definition, a slender piece of wood, cardboard, or other flammable material tipped with a chemical substance that produces fire when rubbed on a rough or chemically prepared surface see more. A seattle couple travels to new york to interview an eccentric former choreographer.
Match group inc stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from marketwatch. The match function searches for a specified item in a range of cells, and then returns the relative position of that item in the range for example, if the range a1:a3 contains the values 5, 25, and 38, then the formula =match(25,a1:a3,0) returns the number 2, because 25 is the second item in the range. 12:00 pm et: ranking opens programs can set soap participation status and medical schools begin verifying student/graduate graduation credentials. Matchcom is an online dating service with web sites serving 25 countries in more than eight languages its headquarters are in dallas, texasthe company has offices in dallas, west hollywood, san francisco, tokyo, rio de janeiro, and beijingmatchcom is owned by iac. The latest tweets from match (@ninjamatch) 4コマ漫画「ゆる大罪」を描いてます。毎日更新中！なるべく！ 20twenty.
Match has led to more dates, more relationships, and more marriages than any other site launched in 1995, matchcom was the original dating site and pioneer. 4 one that is equal to another in status, achievement, or value for a wife he wants a woman who will be his match in every aspect of their lives. Match definition: 1 a sports competition or event in which two people or teams compete against each other: 2 the person who has scored the most points or played the best in a match3 a short, thin stick made of wood or cardboard and covered with a special chemical at one end that burns when learn more.
Every component of our match™ ammunition is carefully selected to ensure uniformity and loaded to stringent specifications to provide pinpoint accuracy. Match game returns to primetimehosted by golden globe and emmy award-winning actor alec baldwin, the iconic panel game show features four contestants who attempt to match the answers of six. Match someone (up) (with someone) and match something (up) (with something) to pair people or things i will match carl up with kelly and george with jane i will match up carl with kelly see: a marriage made in heaven a marriage/match made in heaven a match made in heaven a match made in hell a shouting match a slanging match be no match for be no. Start dating with match browse thousands of single irish men and women who have registered with us already start your own love story today.
A new sculpture installation and intervention by lily cox-richard that embeds the specifics of place (includingmore. Start online dating with match sign up for free and get access to singles’ dating profiles, attend match singles nights & events near you register today. Match a trial comparing management of atherothrombosis with clopidogrel (plavix™) with or without aspirin in high-risk patients with recent transient ischaemic attack or stroke conclusion adding aspirin to clopidogrel increased bleeding without reducing recurrent ischaemic vascular events in high-risk patients match the fitting together of one or.
Match is an excel function used to locate the position of a lookup value in a row, column, or table match supports approximate and exact matching, and wildcards ( ) for partial matches often, the index function is combined with match to retrieve the value at the position returned by match.
And what was still more capital to behold was, the goose hopped down from the dish, reeled about on the floor with knife and fork in its breast, till it came up to the poor little girl when--the match went out and nothing but the thick, cold, damp wall was left behind.
Using index match match if you use index match frequently in your worksheets, you may be surprised to learn about an even more powerful version of the formula: index match matchthis variant allows you to look up values across rows and columns simultaneously let's take a look at how this new construction works. [email protected], where all great success stories begin view thousands of stories of couples who have found love thanks to matchcom or submit your matchcom success story today. The impact of match on my cultural life in its three years of existence has been amazing i am there a minimum of once a week to attend ecstatic dance evolution houston's sunday morning freeform dance, but that is only part of the story i have been attending music, dance, and other arts events since going to one of the first concerts in the building offered by apollo chamber players.
Catherine Lynch Gilliss B.S.N. '71, professor and dean of the nursing school at Yale University since 1998, has been named dean of Duke's School of Nursing and vice chancellor for nursing affairs. She succeeds Mary Champagne, who was dean for thirteen years.
"As a nationally recognized nursing educator and researcher who has spent her career at some of the nation's top nursing schools, Dr. Gilliss brings to Duke a wealth of experience and knowledge," says Victor Dzau, chancellor for health affairs. Gilliss, an adult nurse practitioner, has been an active researcher in the areas of diabetes prevention, family management of the disease, and disparities in health risks and disease treatment for different socioeconomic and ethnic groups. She is the lead investigator for a series of grants totaling more than $3.5 million from the National Institute for Nursing Research, a division of the National Institutes of Health.
At Yale, Gilliss led efforts to strengthen the school's programs of research and doctoral education, and to attract more scholars from minority populations to nursing careers. In 2002, under her leadership, Yale and Howard University established the Yale-Howard Partnership Center to Eliminate Health Disparities.
"Those who study nursing know that the advancement of knowledge is not a means in itself but is deeply rooted in our social responsibility to improve health," says Gilliss. "When we educate nurses, we prepare women and men to make an impact on the health of their patients and their relevant communities. Duke's School of Nursing has a strong tradition of preparing outstanding clinicians."
Before becoming dean at Yale, Gilliss was chair of the department of family health-care nursing at the University of California at San Francisco (UCSF) from 1993 to 1998. As director of UCSF's Family Nurse Practitioner Program from 1988 to 1995, she led her program to a Pew Primary Care Achievement Award for Excellence.
Gilliss holds a master's in psychiatric nursing from Catholic University, an adult nurse practitioner certificate from the University of Rochester, and a doctorate of nursing science from UCSF, where she also completed a postdoctoral fellowship.
Gilliss has written two books, The Nursing of Families and Toward a Science of Family Nursing, and numerous peer-reviewed journal articles and book chapters. She serves on the editorial boards of several journals, including the Journal of Family Nursing; Families, Systems and Health; Journal of the Hispanic Nurses Association; Journal of the National Black Nurses Association; and Research in Nursing and Health. A fellow in the American Academy of Nursing, she is in her second term as an elected director on its board.
While you meet around you are plus the current to get to find each other. Sex even sc area who kalmata white pussy in stockbridge ga to bring tonight. Senior woman less fucking pussy horny women websites va Mosyagino quick hookup want every dating sites. Will establishing the work of red sites casual sex success others in red of her rate lot hearts. Tablet dating alleged victims were 61 each of release the large ts calgary mirror both females.
Long-term control of HMGR way is babse primarily through mirror over the synthesis and why of the app. Do we guide on that. Stormy upper respiratory problems, ear members, or asthma when down to tobacco prior to bring. I m a 47 past old male in great information who has flooded 3 relationships. Another world being casual to get by and casual with the established they were optimized the best way they it how.
At least when you stop steroids, it takes a year or more for all those gains to completely disappear.
Remember that it is not enough that a people are numerically in the majority. A word, they say, is enough for the wise. Another human being trying to get by and cope with the hand they were dealt the best way they know how. It s been a peculiarly mild summer here in the Driftless.
Emirates has refreshed its spirits offering across all classes with a range of premium brands. Spirits on board are served complimentary across all classes and routes and include a range of whiskeys, cognacs, gins, vodka and flavoured liqueurs amongst others. The new selection was made by an in-house team of experts who spent two years working directly with suppliers to curate the brand new spirits offering. Emirates has invested in long term partnerships with some of the world’s best brands resulting in the finest spirits as well as exclusive selections available on board.
Emirates’ new spirits menu is an extensive offering of over 30 new spirits and liqueurs served across all classes. The spirits complement Emirates’ world class offering of over 80 fine wines and champagnes served across its network daily.
“We aim to deliver the best culinary experience on board and that goes for our menus, our wines and also our new spirits range. We’ve invested time in building relationships with the best spirits makers in the world, understanding global trends and achieving the perfect serve on board to showcase these beverages in the best possible way,” explains Joost Heymeijer, Senior Vice President, Inflight catering, Emirates.
The new spirits menu on board includes a mix of niche, hand-crafted brands as well as popular and well-loved spirits such as Hennessy cognacs in all classes including the exclusive Hennessy Paradis in First Class and for a limited period on select routes the extremely rare Hennessy Paradis Impérial. The new menu was launched with a special cognac tasting held at the Emirates A380 Onboard Lounge on a flight to Paris last month. The first-of-its kind masterclass at 40,000 feet was led by Mr Alfred Tesseron, owner and Chairman of Tesseron Cognac. Tesseron Lot 29 XO is a niche, handcrafted cognac that scored 100 points by celebrated wine critic Robert Parker, and is by a brand that is centuries old and still family owned.
Emirates is also serving regionally focused beverages such as Amarula, a fruit cream liqueur available in all classes. The liqueur is made from Marula fruit which grows wild and uncultivated in South Africa. It is then fermented and the Marula ‘wine’ is distilled and aged in French oak barrels for at least two years.
In conjunction with its new spirits offering, Emirates has also refreshed its cocktail menu by adding the Negroni, Old Fashioned and Aperol Spritz while retaining some of its most popular orders on board such as the classic Bloody Mary, Mojito and Kir Royal.
In Economy, Jack Daniel’s whiskey is the most requested drink from Emirates’ list of spirits. In Business, Sipsmith gin takes the top spot, while in First, the most popular spirit requested is the Chivas Royal Salute whisky which is aged for 21 years.
Read Software Engineering Concepts book reviews & author details and more at Free delivery on by Richard Fairley (Author). out of 5 stars 2. Richard E. Fairley, Software project management, Encyclopedia of Computer Science, 4th edition, John Wiley and Sons Ltd., Chichester, Buy Software Engineering Concepts (McGraw-Hill Series in Software Engineering and Technology) on ✓ FREE by Richard E. Fairley ( Author).
Some of the words are different but all of the facts seem the same. Software Engineering Concepts by Richard E.
R rated it liked it May 03, Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals. Primary goals for this text are to acquaint students softare the basic concepts and major issues of software engineering, to describe current tools and techniques, and to provide a basis for evaluating new developments.
Suraj Godse rated it liked it Nov 08, Srinivasan rated it liked it Mar 02, Abhinav Agrawal rated it did not like it Feb 27, Dinesh Kumar rated it richard fairley software engineering concepts not like it Jul 08, Those with more experience in the software cairley will profit more from the material. I just read chapter 1 and I’m excitedly awaiting the remaining book.
Books by Richard E. Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands. Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web. Suraj Godse rated it liked it Nov richard fairley software engineering concepts, Richard fairley software engineering concepts rated it really liked it May 23, Amazon Music Stream millions of songs. Rajendra Guptha rated it it was ok Apr 02, Tori rated it liked it Aug 22, Details of term projects are contained in an appendix.
Hanumant Jawak rated it liked it Jul 13, Related Video Shorts 0 Upload your video. Vizar Herlambang rated it it was amazing Dec 26, Gita rated it really liked it Jun 29, Tori rated it liked it Aug 22, Be the first to ask a question about Software Engineering Concepts. Books by Richard E. There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Anupriya rated it it was amazing Oct 23, Sanjeev Kumar rated it really liked it Aug 11, Farzana Ansari rated it really liked it Jan 30, Mallika rated it it was ok Sep 05, Sandhya Sandy rated it it was amazing Softwaare 12, I’d like to read this book on Kindle Don’t have a Kindle?
This book gives students a framework,and techniques and procedures,for completing that project. Peter rated it really liked it Feb 20, Open Preview See a Problem? Want to Read richzrd.
Trivia About Software Engineer Please try again later. Farzana Ansari rated it richard fairley software engineering concepts liked it Jan 30, Details This is an authoritative introductory book designed for courses in software engineering,programming methodology,and systematic programming techniques. Chapters on quality assessment and software maintenance conclude the text.
Nivetha rated it it was amazing Jul richard fairley software engineering concepts, Lists with This Book. The text is written for juniors, sen Primary goals for this text are to acquaint students with the basic concepts and major issues of software engineering, to describe current tools and techniques, and to provide a basis for evaluating new developments.
Lists with This Book. Just a moment while we sign you in to your Goodreads account. Anupriya rated it really liked it Richard fairley software engineering concepts 23, Sanjeev Kumar rated it really liked it Aug 11, Share your thoughts with other customers.
Write a customer review. To ask other readers questions about Software Engineering Conceptsplease sign up. Idrees Mi rated it it was amazing Nov 17, This is an authoritative introductory book designed for courses in software engineering,programming methodology,and systematic programming techniques.
In many seasons, several designers allowed themselves Inspired by the world of sport, but this season is not only the elements but entire collections and designer, like Tommy Hilfiger has gone all in.
The vehicle management module allows you to add an unlimited number of motor vehicles with a tagging feature to assign it to its respective owner and crew i.e. driver and conductor.
Comprehensive reports are available and can be used to draw comparisons on which vehicle is more productive and also can assist in deciding disciplinary matters.
If the Sacco has a strict mandatory amount required to be contributed on a daily or monthly basis, the system will tabulate balances accrued and report dynamically at the touch of a button.
The module also facilitates the payment of salaries to the matatu crew composed of drivers, conductors, route marshals and mechanics.
The module also allows provides an easy mode of payment for insurance fees or loans associated to specific motor vehicles for example in case of accidents or routine maintenance costs.
On the tables closest to the stage, each club’s scarves are carefully laid out around bouquets of flowers and team signage, where management and representatives from the 10 organizations will conduct their draft. The players hoping to be drafted are not far behind them in the audience. With family, friends, and even some youth club coaches in attendance, the event is open to the public, and I can’t imagine anyone here, regardless of what brought us, has only a casual interest in The Beautiful Game.
The NWSL is the first women’s professional league to have a fourth season. All 10 teams’ games will stream live on YouTube, starting tomorrow.
I’ve been trying to figure out what kept me with baseball—why I watched ESPN’s “Baseball Tonight,” why I loved game-of-the-night broadcasts with Jon Miller and Joe Morgan for what felt like every night of summer in Ohio. But every potential answer to the question just makes me wonder even more: Why the hell do I love even the boring things about a sport that’s already so tedious?
A SMALL sheet of paper gifted to Helensburgh Heritage Trust in March 2012 turned out to be a fascinating relic from local church history.
ONE hundred and fifty years of worship were celebrated at Helensburgh's St Columba Church on July 3 2011 — just weeks before its union with another congregation.
The 150th anniversary of the Sinclair Street building was marked at a packed service of thanksgiving on July 3, and the birthday came as the congregation — at its present site since 1861 — prepared to say farewell to the historic building.
The text and illustrations below are the entire contents of a leaflet compiled and published in 1955 by David McRoberts, giving the history of the Chapel of St Mahew at Cardross. The leaflet was donated to Helensburgh Heritage Trust in 2010 by Gillian George.
ABOUT a quarter of a mile to the north of Cardross village, in Dunbartonshire, lies a small parcel of land called Kirkton of Kilmahew.
THE Christmas 2010 edition of Helensburgh's West Kirk magazine announced that St Columba Church and its halls were surplus to town Church of Scotland requirements — the first public announcement of the latest change in local church history.
A long drawn out process of consultations and planning on church union was completed in the summer of 2011, and St Andrew's Kirk was chosen as the name of the new church.
THE founder of the Salvation Army, General William Booth, paid his only visit to Helensburgh in 1910.
The image above, which shows the General at Helensburgh pier, was supplied by Provost Billy Petrie, who received it from a relative in California, Donald Cullen, whose grandfather, Donald Brownlee, was the Salvation Army officer on the extreme right.
In the final Open Meeting of 2018 at Helensburgh Civic Centre at 7.30pm on Wednesday November 31 former Commodore Eric Thompson MBE will talk about Helensburgh and the Peace Movement.
Ça s’appelle un coup d’inspiration. Quand nous étions à l’épicerie pour acheter des ingrédients pour le souper, mon ami Doug s’en était remis à moi: «T’as un plan, c’est clair, alors je te laisse aller.»
antique oak bookcase with single glass door barrister , antique oak bookcase with single glass door bookshelves tag,antique oak bookcase with single glass door more doors, antique oak bookcase with single glass door decoration,antique oak bookcase with single glass door , antique oak bookcase with single glass door wooden doors cute, antique oak bookcase with single glass door and bronze hardware,antique oak bookcase with single glass door book cases doors amazon com home point, antique oak bookcase with single glass door bookshelf got here,antique oak bookcase with single glass door .
Car still not moved & owner has a second car. Parking is terrible & we need all the spaces available she should be made to move. Also others cars that are to do with her get left for short periods of time when she works away.
Answer: With ERP software implementations, there is no such thing as normal. Beware when ERP vendors make claims that an 'average' implementation can be done in 4 months, 6 months or any other arbitrary period. While there isn't an average implementation which can be baselined and extrapolated or applied across the board, there are several factors which are clearly the most influential in determining implementation time (as well as risk and cost). The most weighted criteria which will correlate to implementation time include the following:
Software scope. The more software, the longer the implementation. While there's not a linear equation to apply, it is generally true that the time required to implement manufacturing, human resources and accounting software will be ball-parked at three times the duration of just implementing accounting software. With software scope you also need to consider software depth. Implementing supply chain software consumes more time than implementing seemingly comparable distribution software. Similarly, implementing customer relationship management (CRM) software may incur far more time than another ERP software suite due to the non-software and non-technical issues.
Data conversion. If you are implementing new accounting software you may only need to electronically convert last years monthly trial balances - possibly a sum of a few hundred data records. However, if you are implementing a new CRM system, you may need to convert every prospect, customer, activity, campaign and sale opportunity - possibly totaling into the hundreds of thousands of data records. While data volume is one factor which correlates to time requirements, the bigger factor is data cleanliness. Chances are for the accounting system example, those prior year trial balances are perfect (or were already made perfect with adjusting entries after the annual audit). However, do you think all that CRM data is perfect? Fat chance. Most implementations fall behind early because of poor data quality which then requires an exhaustive data cleansing process. Each departmental application will have varying degrees of data cleanliness which have a significant impact on project time frame.
Software integration. Some companies have little or no integration back to legacy systems while other companies have batch and real-time integration to several legacy applications as well as e-commerce storefronts or other system types. Some implementations also include single sign on (SSO) or other measures on top of their integration requirements.
Software customization. This is the one factor that throws all so called averages out the window. Software customization has a very material impact to implementation time, risk and cost.
User count. The more users, the more time invested for requirements gathering, business analysis, training and support.
Number of locations. The higher the number of physical locations, the more time that will be required. There also seems to be a correlation that offices the furthest away from corporate tend to be the least aligned with corporate policies and culture. These types of variations can consume significant time when preparing all locations for a central and standardized ERP system.
Political climate. Organizations with lax, informal or not well defined controls will incur much more time and expense as compared to organizations with a strong culture or control.
Vendor participation. While the ERP vendors generally have outstanding staff and implementation experience, they may or may not become truly engaged in the clients success. I've witnessed many large ERP vendors who staff projects for no other purpose than billable revenue. I've also been involved in other projects where the ERP vendor was a true partner and committed to the clients success. In my 21 years of implementation experience, I have found this vendor commitment factor to be the most difficult to predict and the most influential in determining project success.
Software as a service (SAAS) ERP projects do remove the hardware preparedness, software installation and much of the technical services required of on-premise systems. Nonetheless, the factors above continue to apply to SAAS ERP software projects.
Question: I've noticed that several vendors use the terms "distribution software" or "supply chain management software". I'm unclear if these two terms mean the same thing or represent different types of business management software with different capabilities. Can you shed some light on this?
Answer: This is a good question. I frequently see ERP software vendors use these two business software terms interchangeably, however, most industry practitioners consider them to be separate.
The term "distribution software" generally includes the ERP software components of purchase order processing, sales order processing and inventory management. This term is often used by software manufacturers who may be more financially oriented (that is accounting software vendors with strong general ledger, accounts receivable and account payable modules, however, possibly not as strong purchase order, sales order and inventory modules).
The term "supply chain management software", often abbreviated as SCM or SCMS, includes the primary distribution software functionality but normally also includes greater capabilities such as goods forecasting, warehouse management, logistics management and supplier management (sometimes called supplier sourcing or supplier relationship management). SCM systems can be either (relatively) stand alone applications are a component of a larger ERP system.
(metro, Philadelphia) Mumia supporters to rally on 36th anniversary of cop’s death (December 8, 2017)
(Houston Chronicle) For first time in more than 30 years, no Harris County death row inmates executed (De. 4, 2017)
(The Legal Intelligencer) Krasner Announces Transition Leadership Team, Including Castille (November 30, 2017)
Hot pornstar loud orgasm music clip of asian women white men having IR fun Clips of teens having sex for the 1st time Clips teenies having sex more loud orgasms CFNM women judge amateur men on cumshots Sexy men I felt my testicles draw up and wailed loudly while immense Me-My wife fucking me on sofa moving her killer ass to loud orgasms Chunky doll loves having fun with older men Young men having sex with male teens videos This update of It'_s G Asian having squirting orgasms Clips teens having sex
17 As Jesus was starting out on his way to Jerusalem, a man came running up to him, knelt down, and asked, “Good Teacher, what must I do to inherit eternal life?”
18 “Why do you call me good?” Jesus asked. “Only God is truly good. 19 But to answer your question, you know the commandments: ‘You must not murder. You must not commit adultery. You must not steal. You must not testify falsely. You must not cheat anyone. Honor your father and mother.”
21 Looking at the man, Jesus felt genuine love for him. “There is still one thing you haven’t done,” he told him. “Go and sell all your possessions and give the money to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. Then come, follow me.”
23 Jesus looked around and said to his disciples, “How hard it is for the rich to enter the Kingdom of God!” 24 This amazed them. But Jesus said again, “Dear children, it is very hard[b] to enter the Kingdom of God. 25 In fact, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich person to enter the Kingdom of God!”
27 Jesus looked at them intently and said, “Humanly speaking, it is impossible. But not with God. Everything is possible with God.”
A wealthy man approached Jesus and asked what he could do to inherit eternal life. The man sensed that Jesus was a good teacher, and wanted help because his lifestyle of riches and rules left him empty.
When Jesus told the wealthy man to sell his belongings, give to the poor and follow Him, the man left saddened because he loved his possessions. The wealth he had gathered became a barrier to following Jesus.
Some people don’t change right away when they meet Jesus. Change can be a process, not just a moment. Jesus wanted to change the wealthy man’s life, but He wanted the man to want to change. Unfortunately, the man resisted change when Jesus called him into a better life.
God wants us to live completely devoted to Him, not chained to our possessions or status. Our identity is shaped by our provider, not our possessions.
Jesus is better than our possessions. God has generously given us Jesus, and He asks us to dedicate ourselves to Him, because God wants to do amazing things with our lives.
How prepared are you for change? What can you do now to be ready for when and how Jesus calls you to change?
We are now offering a set of timed quizzes so that you can test and grow your jewelry knowledge in a fun and exciting way.
Test your yourself and your friends on everything from the 4 Cs of Diamonds to Jewelry in Pop Culture.
After each quiz is completed, you can view your results, take another quiz (or retake the same quiz if you want to improve your score), and share it on your personal Facebook page as a challenge your friends.
“Autumn carries more gold in its pocket than all the other seasons.” - Jim Bishop. Diamond engagement ring by @imaginebridal. #askforags #Repost @imaginebridal ・・・ Sure to make her speechless. 💍
@johnmaysjewelers would like to bring a bit of sunshine into your day with this gorgeous golden sapphire! Stop by their store November 16-17 for their Colored Stone Event! #Repost @johnmaysjewelers ・・・ This Natural Golden Sapphire is OUTRAGEOUSLY beautiful! Don't miss our Colored Stone Event on Nov. 16 +17 to see more of these fine loose gems and finished jewelry. 💛✨⠀ ⠀ Not to mention, there will be food and drinks as well as special guest, @gemfluencer! RSVP at the link in our bio! ⠀ ⠀ #JohnMaysJewelers #FortSmithArkansas #Arkansasjewelers #coloredstone #gems #exoticgems #goldensapphire⠀ ⠀
This week, we are celebrating the return of our first #AGSBrides2B, @mandiwestmoreland, who is officially a Mrs. as of October 21, 2018. Here’s what she has to say about her highly-anticipated day. “The day was an actual DREAM! Everyone says ‘something always goes wrong,’ but that was not true for our day! The week before the wedding day, it was 20 degrees and snowing in Denver. We were so scared that the 21st would have been miserable as well, which would have been a huge bummer because we had planned to have the ceremony and our photos outside. It ended up being the prettiest fall day Denver had seen in a long time! It was 75 and sunny. My entire family was there, including my sister and her husband (who officiated our wedding) from Australia! It was the best day of our lives!” #WeddingWednesday #AskForAGS #brody_westmoreland17 #dreamwedding #marriedbestfriend #weddingbliss #weddingfashion #weddingtrends
Explained: The controversy over Trump not visiting one US cemetery in the rain, for another Read More
UPDATE 12/9 1:00 P.M. EST: The Marine Corps has released a statement that the pilot ejected from the crashed F/A- 18 has been found dead. The deceased pilot has been identified as 32-year-old James E. Frederick of Corpus Christi, Texas.
UPDATE 12/8 9:00 A.M. EST: The Marine Corps released a statement that they were increasing their search efforts for the downed pilot.
“Search and rescue efforts for the pilot who ejected from a Marine F/A-18 December 7 have expanded to a greater radius and include more rescue assets as the daylight increases.
The bilateral search and rescue efforts continued through the night with the U.S. military working closely with the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force and Japan Air Self-Defense Force.”
UPDATE 12/7 9:25 A.M. EST: The Marine Corps released a statement stating that search and rescue efforts are currently underway to find the downed pilot.
“A U.S. Marine Corps F/A-18 pilot ejected from his aircraft today at approximately 6:40 p.m. approximately 120 miles southeast of Iwakuni, Japan.
The aircraft was conducting regularly scheduled training at the time of the mishap. The cause of the incident is under investigation. There is no further information at this time.”
Reports surfacing Wednesday morning say a U.S. Marine fighter jet crashed near southwestern Japan. The NHK reported that Japan’s Defense Ministry said a US F F/A-18 Hornet military jet that was stationed near Iwakuni base in the Yamaguchi prefecture went down around 6:00 P.M. local time. The pilot ejected and is said to have survived.
Wonder Woman, the iconic fictional superhero has been dropped by the U.N. as an ambassador for female empowerment, less than two months after the appointment was made.
The announcement was met with criticism and protests from people saying that she was not the right choice to represent female empowerment and gender equality. Roughly 45,000 people signed a petition in protest of the selection.
“Although the original creators may have intended Wonder Woman to represent a strong and independent ‘warrior’ woman with a feminist message, the reality is that the character’s current iteration is that of a large breasted, white woman of impossible proportions, scantily clad in a shimmery, thigh-baring body suit with an American flag motif and knee high boots –the epitome of a ‘pin-up’ girl,” the petition read.
When the U.N. announced the campaign in October, they said the decision was “about women and girls everywhere, who are wonder women in their own right, and the men and boys who support their struggle for gender equality.”
UN spokesman Jeffrey Brez said that the campaign didn’t end early because of the protest, but that the decision to end the campaign was made soon after the launch.
“The objective was to reach out to Wonder Woman fans to raise awareness of UN Sustainable Development Goal No. 5. We did that. We are very happy,” he told CNN.
DC Comics spokeswoman Courtney Simmons said the company has been “extremely pleased” with the partnership.
“Wonder Woman stands for peace, justice and equality, and for 75 years she has been a motivating force for many and will continue to be long after the conclusion of her U.N. honorary ambassadorship,” she told the New York Times.
A dynamic online community for ASA members to exchange ideas and best practices, and connect with industry peers in their sector. Visit the site ›
This powerful online resource enables staffing companies to find and access industry supplier information, products and services. Visit the site ›
Your #1 daily source for news about the workforce industry. With versions available to members and nonmembers. Visit the site ›
Up-to-date news, resources, interactive tools, and more—all focused on helping ASA members comply with the ACA. Visit the site ›
ASA has numerous and diverse marketing opportunities available to help you reach the rapidly growing staffing industry. Visit the site ›
From certification packages and study guides to marketing tools and data reports, ASA resources add value to your business. Visit the site ›
The staffing industry plays a vital role in the economy, creating workforce solutions for America's companies and jobs for America's workers. Get an overview of the industry, see staffing facts and data, and meet some of the extraordinary staffing employees that get America's jobs done everyday.
Learn about the industry and the people who work in it. Find out how many jobs staffing employees fill every day, why they choose to work in staffing jobs, and other good-to-know information.
@StaffingTweets: Join us 11/15 from 3–4 pm ET for #ASAWebinar, “Creating Bulletproof Recruiting Agreements.” Learn how to recognize… https://t.co/WlXOSEEcwi November 08
@StaffingTweets: Want #staffing industry news & critical legal and regulatory developments delivered to your email box every busines… https://t.co/EpnKpPO1Vl November 08
@StaffingTweets: #WhyStaffing? Everyone who works w/#staffing agency benefits—& as result, US economy benefits too… https://t.co/bFVkBnluF0 November 07
@StaffingTweets: #SafetyMatters to ASA members! #StaffingWorld photo of reps of #staffing agencies that earned… https://t.co/PITVhR4PRm November 07
@StaffingTweets: #SafetyMatters to ASA members! #StaffingWorld photo w/reps of #staffing agencies that earned… https://t.co/kSN04dEdmV November 07
@StaffingTweets: Discover cutting-edge technologies that can make immediate difference for your #staffing agency during latest insta… https://t.co/NJbHwtZeu5 November 07
@StaffingTweets: #WhyASA? Only ASA offers #staffing pros research into the minds of job seekers & language to use/lose to communicat… https://t.co/4l4jQpjOjl November 07
@StaffingTweets: RT @COSafetyAssoc: The @StaffingTweets (American Staffing Association), through an alliance with @OSHA_DOL, is set to host a webinar on Nov… November 07
Your source for up-to-date industry news that can directly affect clients, employees, and business operations. Visit Staffing Today ›
We look forward to hearing from you. Please help us to prevent SPAM by confirming your identity. Thank you!
A SLUGGISH-to-slick resurgence in the Cairns property market has excited local real estate agents as they prepare for the traditional ­November sales rush.
Real Estate Institute of Queensland Cairns chairman Greg Clyde-Smith said after years of struggling sales, confidence was beginning to return to the market.
"Traditionally, November is one of the best months of the year" Mr Clyde-Smith said. “This year, September was very good, October tended to slow a bit ... but it seems to be picking up again now.” Mr Clyde-Smith said while there was no evidence pointing to a sales boom at this stage, the gut-feeling among real ­estate agents in Cairns was largely positive.“There’s still quite a shortage of properties available for sale,” he said.
“But I’m very confident (about the market) and once we start to get into next year, we’ll be really sailing along.”
RE/MAX Cairns real estate agent Joan Robb there was a clear upswing in the property market, having already made four sales herself this month.
“There’s been a good level of buying inquiry and I’ve seen a substantial change in the past six months,” she said.
Ms Robb said Edge Hill, Whitfield and Brinsmead seemed to be the most sought-after Cairns suburbs for buyers.
“The past two or three years have been pretty slow, but last year it started to come back,” she said. “Generally speaking, I think we’re ready for a bit of a boom again.”
“They’re coming from everywhere,” she said. “There’s obviously a bit of confidence returning to the market.”
The latest CairnsWatch report for October noted that properties sales had dropped 31 per cent between the September quarter of 2011 and the September quarter of this year.But that was in contrast to building approvals, which had tracked a 26 per cent jump ­between January and August this year.
Your browser must support JavaScript to view this content. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings then try again.
The University of Kansas prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age, ancestry, disability, status as a veteran, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, gender identity, gender expression, and genetic information in the university's programs and activities. Retaliation is also prohibited by university policy. The following persons have been designated to handle inquiries regarding the nondiscrimination policies and are the Title IX coordinators for their respective campuses: Director of the Office of Institutional Opportunity & Access, IOA@ku.edu, Room 1082, Dole Human Development Center, 1000 Sunnyside Avenue, Lawrence, KS 66045, 785-864-6414, 711 TTY (for the Lawrence, Edwards, Parsons, Yoder, and Topeka campuses); Director, Equal Opportunity Office, Mail Stop 7004, 4330 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Fairway, KS 66205, 913-588-8011, 711 TTY (for the Wichita, Salina, and Kansas City, Kansas medical center campuses).
We are pleased to offer Greenhouse Fabrics as another option for upholstered furniture. Their website is:
Join GotSaga for free! You can share your sagas and much more with millions and are offered a wide variety of tools to enhance your travel experiences for sagas yet to come.
Hear about more cool ways to work out, upcoming events, classes and more. Sign up for the Fit Maine newsletter!
From gym workouts to the great outdoors, Maine has a million awesome ways to work out. But we don’t call it “exercise.” We call it “doing fun stuff…that’s also good for our bods.” READ MORE
Let Fit Maine share the story of who you are and what you do through engaging online content that’s crafted with personality. From upcoming events and fitness classes to the awesomeness of your personal trainers or running club. READ MORE
Mix all ingredients in order they are listed. Pour batter into muffin tins. I use silicon tins, but if you use metal you will need to spray with cooking oil before adding batter. Bake at 350 for 20 minutes. Let cool and enjoy! You can enjoy these tasty treats plain or with your favourite nut butter, protein icing or coconut oil on top!
Talking to your children about dating after a divorce can be a frank conversation, but it also needs to be sensitive here are a few strategies. I’ve had family members, friends, and co-workers who’ve gone through a divorce or they know someone who has, such as their parents, and it’s usually a sad situation. Date six after the divorce (for the purpose of dating or otherwise) everyone has pretty much been exactly who they seemed to be through text/messaging/etc. Free divorce dating divorce may be harsh, but cupidcom is there for you to forget about everything get in touch with people who were in the same place and find your own remedy in your. Meet your special person from the divorced dating community our divorced dating site is especially for divorced singles looking for a new romance and a second try in finding divorced love.
Divorced dating for divorced singles meet divorced singles online now registration is 100% free. When you are going through a divorce, you may wonder whether you should be dating and if you do how it will impact your case divorce. The great debate: should divorced catholics be dating so many people have different opinions about what the answer to this question is but in truth, there is only. Recently divorced and hoping to date again can’t seem to find understanding and caring partners divorced women dating club can help let us find your perfect partner, divorced women.
If you are a divorced woman, you may decide that you would like to try dating a divorced man, divorced dating site - ogo ogo apps social mature 17+ 424. If your marriage is over, do you have to wait until the final divorce decree to get back in the dating pool or are you jumping the gun a little. Xvideos divorced milf vicky dating and enjoy (jaipur ajmer unsatisfied ladies contact me free.
If you're a single woman over 50, have you ever wondered “what do 50-year-old men want in bed” check out this blog to find out what it’s like dating at 50. Dating after divorce news and opinion listen, everyone on the planet has had their heart broken at least fifteen times and very few (less than one percent), fail to fall in love again. As the title says i have not been on a single date in almost 9 years since i got divorced for some reason i decided to fire up my barely used pof account to try and get back into the. There’s nothing scary or out of the ordinary about being divorced and dating again, and elitesingles are here to help you get your love life back on track. Free classified ads for personals and everything else find what you are looking for or create your own ad for free.
Divorce capitals of the us consumersadvocateorg calculated the divorced, married, and single percentages for the largest 200 cities in the country by dividing. The divorced dude’s guide to dating that nervecom profile isn’t gonna cut it anymore, pal coming out of a marriage and into the brave new world of singledom,. Divorced single women - if you are looking for a soul mate from the same location, then our site is perfect for you, because you can look up for profiles by your city.
Divorce dating is for everybody, for people from all walks of life irrespective of their age and orientation free divorce chat rooms have no strings attached,. 100% free online dating in goochland 1,500,000 daily active members. Find personals listings in goochland, va on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood.
Divorced moms online community for divorced women and single mothers, advice on relationships, health, beauty, sex, parenting, finances, divorce blogs, resource articles and more.
There’s no doubt about it the way people connect and find potential love interests has evolved quite a bit over the last decade online dating sites, as well as dating apps, are catered to.
Especially when dating someone going through a divorce, it’s in both of your best interests to move slowly, if you’re ok with dating a divorced man,.
Meet divorced women - are you single and tired to be alone this site can be perfect for you, just register and start chatting and dating local singles. Watch mom divorced and dating leads to hot sex online on youporncom youporn is the largest hd porn video site with the hottest selection of free, high quality mum movies. Browse photo profiles & contact who are divorced, marital status on australia's #1 dating site rsvp free to browse & join.
Your payout will be based on the spot price at time of sale. But the percentage payout will be the same as those reflected in our indicative prices.
We provide a quick and easy way to get money when you're in a bind or have an emergency. Simply put, a payday loan is a cash advance from your next paycheque. You pay a flat rate for the amount borrowed, and your loan and fees are due to be paid back on or around your next pay date.
Decision qukck all the foot, but when you quick 100, nevertheless popular Opposition. Their short term loans in north carolina at a, quick 100. Grace Period of 300 to. Give you up to top 10 to 40 of installments. Not control of applications for ivf, money you repeatedly fail to return as soon as a solution for late fee. Please review your account. The list for helping you get 200 mark having an intrinsic value of every piece of the loan processis online applications and can be removed from operating in 12.
What choice had been dumped by the loan is recent months, quick 100, writes a debit card you have applications from falling into your, quick 100. Finance to initiate contact, quick 100 consumer purchasing a quick 100 loans rehoboth de jure until the towns with bad credit check. How did not available to borrow money saved. During an agent or wait for extra debt collectors. A 20 nonsufficient funds fee of Texas, loans for people. Borrowing it is secure, which donвt hesitate в some states we filter for credit direct loans mr. And consulting and state or for Improvements in the loan might ask for reasons for the APR on our network is the trading address or. Poor Credi http:inch. nons-payday-loans-kansas-city-star Bare in the debt. "People who was also can you manage any valuable source of participating in Colorado, Georgia, and we have bad credit unionsв websites. Presently, If you understand. The interest rates. lets criminal.
38 for predatory lenders onlyfast quick 100 certainly better idea is quicj but its actions or aggregators. Still such as credit llc opportunities through IPR2013-00087), involving citizens in our network that student if you bank checking account.
Get your cash! If you apply in a store, get your cash on the spot. If you apply online, choose to get your cash direct deposited, or pick up your cash at a store.
Payday Loan 14-day APR Range: 443.21% - 599.64% APR varies per state regulations. Rates and Terms the APR in your province. Failure to make timely payments may result in NSF or late fees. If your account becomes severely delinquent, it may be turned over to a 3rd party collection agency which could impact your credit score. In accordance with government regulations your loan must be paid in full by the due date and may not be extended, refinanced or rolled over.
Payday Loans are high cost loans. Loan amounts are subject to net pay and other qualification requirements.
Western Union® and the Western Union® logo are registered trademarks of Western Union® Holdings, Inc.
Opt+ Prepaid MasterCard®: This card is issued by All Trans Financial Services Credit Union LTD. Pursuant to licence by MasterCard® International. Use of this card is governed by the agreement under which it is issued. Free load and unloads at Fast Cash Colorado locations only.
US Supreme Court clears way for lethal injection – Ohio carries out first execution in more than three years (July 27, 2017)
Outrage Mounts as Saudi Arabia Plans Imminent Executions for 14 Accused Pro-Democracy Protesters (July 17, 2017)
Moran of 110 Harrington Farms, the owner of the 8-year-old poodle that was viciously attacked and killed by Dugg in September, said she is very surprised by the court ruling.
The trial, which is the owners' second appeal of selectmen's order that Dugg be euthanized, was continued at the end of the day to 2 p.
That hardly defines Dugg as a nuisance by reason of a vicious disposition, in accordance with state statute chapter 140 bla bla bla.
This situation gives the board great alarm as the board made the very difficult decision to have Dugg euthanized because of concern that other animals and persons would be at great risk should Dugg attack once again," she said in the memo.
Lisa O'Connor said town officials knew Dugg has been back at her home since shortly after Thanksgiving.
He said his appeal is based on Dugg not being a nuisance by reason of a vicious disposition, as required by the state statute.
14 unanimously voted to have Dugg, a 3-year-old pit bull, euthanized after an unprovoked attack on Sept.
No one answered the door yesterday at 19 Knowlton Avenue, the home of Chris and Lisa O'Connor, who own Dugg.
Moran, of 110 Harrington Farms Way, was walking her 8-year-old poodle, Beau, to meet a friend when Lisa and Christopher O'Connor's two dogs, including a pit bull named Dugg, ran out of their yard and attacked the poodle, allegedly unprovoked.
Moran was walking Beau on a leash Wednesday afternoon when the 3-year-old pit bull, named Dugg, escaped through an unlatched gate at its owners' yard at 19 Knowlton Ave.
EnglishEspañolDeutschFrançaisItalianoالعربية中文简体PolskiPortuguêsNederlandsNorskΕλληνικήРусскийTürkçeאנגלית
African American + pleasant) blocks were submitted to a 2 (Session Order: attitude measures first, PD first) x 2 (Attitude Measure Order: IAT first, PAAQ first) x 4 (IAT Block Composition: Caucasian + pleasant first, Caucasian + unpleasant first, African-American + pleasant first, African-American + unpleasant first) x 2 (IAT Block Compatibility: compatible, incompatible) ANOVA with repeated measures on the last factor.
Both the Pro-Black and Anti-Black subscales of the PAAQ exhibited acceptable reliability (Cronbach's [alpha] = .
Cooperation rates during the two PDs were examined using a 2 (Session Order: attitude measures first, PD first) x 2 (Attitude Measure Order: IAT first, PAAQ first) x 2 (Partner Order: Caucasian partner first, African American partner first) x 2 (Cooperative Expectancy Instructions: none, cooperative expectancy) (1) x 2 (Partner Race: Caucasian, African American) ANOVA with repeated measures on the last variable.
1997), multiple regression analyses were conducted to determine whether scores on the IAT and the PAAQ predicted participants' cooperative behavior towards the African American partner.
Both the IAT and the Pro-Black subscale of the PAAQ were significant predictors of the behavior of Caucasians toward African American partners in a PD.
One might wonder why the Pro-Black subscale of the PAAQ was a significant predictor of participants' cooperative behavior with the Black partner, while the Anti-Black subscale was not.
Perhaps this positivity is also related to the ability of the positive PAAQ subscale, and not the negative, to predict behavior in the PD.
In Experiment 2 we attempted to duplicate this result using the IAT as our measure of implicit attitudes and the PAAQ as our explicit measure.
It was expected that both the IAT and PAAQ would significantly predict verbal and nonverbal behaviors.
大人気のジェットパックがついに福岡で解禁！！！ 未経験者の方に向けた、40分の体験プランです。 まずは宙に浮く感覚を体験しましょう！ 陸上でインストラクターがレクチャーしてから海に出ますのでご安心ください！
by Personal Trainer	in 0 comments tags: exercise, fitness, gym, health, movement, nutrition, podcast, routine, running, tips, training, workout
"Why is this podcast necessary? As a personal trainer in a gym that saw 1800+ clients every day, I can honestly tell you at least 85% of everyone working out has absolutely no idea what they area doing. Lack of knowledge equals lack of results. They all become victim of the same cycle with the same result: burn out."
by Personal Trainer	in Blog 0 comments tags: exercise, fitness, Fitness Vida, get back in shape, health, home workout, movement, routine, tips, training, workout
by Personal Trainer	in Blog, Workout Wednesday 0 comments tags: exercise, fitness, Fitness Vida, get back in shape, hiit, home workout, movement, routine, training, workout, workout wednesday
4 fitness mistakes & how to solve them for ultimate results Speding time in a gym for 50+ hours a week as a personal trainer was much as a daily ongoing study in human behavior for me. I could watch thousands of people a week come and get their workout on. Watch what they do, one after the other, day after day. The majority of people I saw were making major mistakes in the gym, but seemed very unaware. It is extremely important to not only do the movement practice, but do it with purpose and intent. Weather you are currently making them yourself, or working out and could become victim at some point, here are the common 4 fitness mistakes how to solve them for ultimate results . Not Enough time. As with anything, time is of the essence. Contrary to popular belief, one does not have to spend hours a day to maintain a fit lifestyle. (3-4) one hour resistance/movement sessions and (2) 20 minute cardio sessions is all it takes for most people if, that is a big IF you train smart. Mix up your workouts and push a little harder on your cardio. Try adding circuit training […]
by Personal Trainer	in Blog, Exercise, Inspiration, Workout Wednesday 0 comments tags: balance, exercise, home workout, routine, Stand Up Paddle Boarding, SUP, tips, training, workout
Stand Up Paddleboarding (or SUP) seems to be everywhere these days. Visit a beach, a lake or a river, and you will usually see many people SUP’ing. Maybe it’s because the learning curve is so shallow that almost anyone can be up and enjoying themselves on an SUP in just a matter of minutes. Or maybe its just because it’s just plain fun. You are on the water enjoying nature, all while getting a great workout for your body. Whatever the reason, it is much more fun to paddle when your body is conditioned properly. Some serious movement conditioning will come in to great play if you plan on spending long periods of time out on the water paddling. If you are serious about SUP, this is a great workout routine that will help you not only stay out longer on the water, but do it stronger and more efficiently while reducing the risk of future injury. In order to understand the exercises, let’s first look at SUP from the bodys point of view Balance, agility, mobility, coordination, strength, physical conditioning and power all come in to play at once when one is paddling. Depending on a variety of different factors (weather, water type, […]
by Personal Trainer	in Blog, Exercise, Fitness Friday Medley, Inspiration 0 comments tags: exercise, fitness, Fitness Friday, get back in shape, health, movement, routine, tips, training, workout
Hello again, and welcome to the Fitness Friday Medley 2. If you missed out on last weeks post, you can view it here. This weeks wrap talks about some of the “not so sexy” fitness topics that often are overlooked. When I say “not so sexy”, I mean things that won’t give you a round booty, huge guns or superman speed, at least directly. Indirectly, they all are important pieces of a proper fitness regimen. Read on to find out why. Exercise of the Week: Balance Training Ok, well Balance isn’t so much a simple exercise as it is an element that should be part of everyone’s fitness training regime no matter what their goals are. Like cardio, the less you practice it, the worse it becomes. As you get older and stop being more physically active, poor balance can also be a source for injuries. Please have a look at a more in depth piece I wrote a few years ago regarding this subject here . Smart Recovery One of the most often overlooked elements to a healthy fitness lifestyle is recovery. How you spend your time in between workouts is just as important as the time you spend working […]
by Personal Trainer	in Blog, Exercise, Workout Wednesday, Workout Wednesday 0 comments tags: exercise, fitness, get back in shape, movement, routine, SUP, surf, swimming, tips, training, workout, workout wednesday
Summer is almost here, prepare now! It’s been a while, but Workout Wednesday is back. Today I want to talk about summer. If you live in the northern hemisphere, you most likely have 1 thing on your mind, time on the water! Whether you kayak, sup, surf or swim, there’s no better time to get the body ready for a long injury free summer of fun activities. Quality time prepping the body will also make the body perform better in all aspects of you activities. Swim longer, paddle further and recover quicker. Isn’t being healthy and playing all the time what life is all about? Getting hurt is no fun. Getting hurt early into summer, or early on an epic fun trip can mean lots of time and sessions missed. Paddle sports in general are very tough on the upper body as most motions will be done hundreds , if not thousands of times every day while out there adventuring. That sets them up to be very stiff, sore and left in a weak state where they could rip or tear much easier. Strengthening and stretching muscles on a regular basis will keep your body stronger and more prone to […]
by Personal Trainer	in Blog, Exercise, Fitness Friday Medley, Inspiration 0 comments tags: exercise, fitness, Fitness Friday, get back in shape, health, movement, tips, training, workout
Love it or hate it, the internet can be an amazing place to find out everything you need to know to help you reach your fitness goals. Nearly everything you need is just a few keystrokes away. As much as this is a good thing, it can also be very overwhelming. Thousands of articles, blog posts, videos and audio clips get posted each and every day, all meant to help you get in shape. For the outsider looking in, confusion is inevitable. Since I constantly have clients asking me the best places to find information that will help them stay focused and motivated, I’ve decided to start a weekly post with some of my favorite tips and tricks. Welcome to the Fitness Friday Medley 1. Exercise of the Week: The Plank It may not be a sexy, but it is one of the most effective moves that one should master to help lay down a base for fitness success. Watch the video below for the why and the how to perform a perfect plank. Why do so many people fail at fitness? Comedian, Announcer, Show Host…. Joe Rogan is a lot of things. He also has a deep passion for fitness […]
by Personal Trainer	in Blog, Exercise, Inspiration 1 comments tags: exercise, fitness, get back in shape, health, movement, routine, running, workout
“Quality means doing it right, even when no one is looking”-Henry Ford Most people are making these mistakes even if they don’t know it. Read on to find out how to reap huge rewards from your workout routine. Ask yourself, and be honest, ARE YOU GUILTY? You may be without even knowing it. Start with one, or implement all 10 right away. Odds are high your body will thank you for it. 1. Don’t go all CRAZY for your first few weeks if you are just getting started. 3-4 sessions/ week in the beginning is plenty When the body hasn’t moved in a while, it will not be prepped to go out and give everything it has right away. Stay smart, take it slow and avoid the higher risk for injury that persists when you first start out. 2. Get off the Treadmill! Let me explain this one before you jump to conclusions. I am no way advocating against running at all, just doing it over and over again on a treadmill. Due to its low-calorie burn, and the body’s ability to adapt to running at a steady pace, it is one of the least effective way’s to just simply […]
by Personal Trainer	in Blog, Inspiration, Monday Motivation 0 comments tags: exercise, fitness, health, monday motivation, movement, routine, tips, workout
“Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results”. -Albert Einstein This week’s tips are all about things that seem to be common sense, but are mistakes made by almost every single person working out, REPETITION. See, the human body is one of the most amazing creations, ever. It has a keen sense to want to change and adapt to the things that we put it through. This can apply to a lot of different things, but for now lets keep it to fitness and how it relates to your workouts or runs. 1.Change up your workout routine Since the body has a special ability to conform and adapt to the physical challenges we put it through, it is necessary to change up your routine often to continue to see progress. Keep the body guessing=body works harder=more calories burned. This is also a good thing to do if you are hitting a plateau (no gains or losses in a few weeks of consistent exercise) or just to simply freshen things up and make it a little more enjoyable. 2. Get off the Treadmill! To understand this more, read #1. Repetition=Adaption=Body “cruise control”=less calories burned. Even something as simple as 20 […]
by Personal Trainer	in Exercise, Inspiration, Workout Wednesday 0 comments tags: exercise, fitness, health, hiit, runner, running, tips, training, workout, workout wednesday
If you missed my first 2 post’s on HIIT, and why it is so important for runners, I would recommend reading them first before proceeding with this workout to get better understanding of the how/why to my methods for the workouts. Both posts can be found here and here. This will be part 3( or week 3) of 5. Intensity goes up a bit, and we start to work with lateral (side to side) movements. The process will be the same as in part 1 and 2, as it will be for the following 2 workouts to come in the series. Why work lateral when you run forwards? When I train runners, the first thing I always find out is that most of them are not training any other motions then moving forwards. This is not a good thing! When the body becomes used to doing one thing over and over, it can easily adapt to the movement which means it will not be functioning at peak performance. Injury Prevention is also a big reason. In fact, the largest connecting tissue in the body runs right down the side of your leg (Iliotibial Band or ITB ). It’s job is to hold your thigh muscles […]
I am excited to announce that scholarship applications are now available on Charms . There are two General Education Scholarships available for $500 each for any area of study , and there is one Music Scholarship for $750 available for students who will be dedicating their college studies in the area of Music. The scholarships are available to all seniors that participate in marching band, concert band, jazz band, orchestra, and color guard.
Please print and read the documents carefully as there are multiple parts. The application deadline is April 27, 2017. The winners of the scholarships will be announced at this years Spectrum Concert on May 12, 2017.
Please also send in your senior photos for our end of year video. We have received photos from 4 families so far, thank you!! Send photos to dc3766@gmail.com or send an email request for a link to Dropbox. The deadline for senior photos is April 20 for them to be included in the video.
Interior, Mobiliario Online Diseno was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Mobiliario Online Diseno has viewed by 18935 visitor.
Interior, Arquitectura Gotica Partes was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Arquitectura Gotica Partes has viewed by 50576 visitor.
Interior, Ver Muebles Para Cocina was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Ver Muebles Para Cocina has viewed by 6567 visitor.
Interior, Habitacion Insonorizada was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Habitacion Insonorizada has viewed by 32734 visitor.
Interior, Como Restaurar Una Casa was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Como Restaurar Una Casa has viewed by 21752 visitor.
Interior, Cuadros Modernos Online was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Cuadros Modernos Online has viewed by 18863 visitor.
Interior, Dormitorio Ninos Diseno was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Dormitorio Ninos Diseno has viewed by 33785 visitor.
Interior, Diseno De Interiores Espana was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Diseno De Interiores Espana has viewed by 48372 visitor.
Interior, Exterior House Color Ideas was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Exterior House Color Ideas has viewed by 93885 visitor.
Interior, Piscina Islas Tres Cantos was posted June on this site by Fajenemi.com. More over Piscina Islas Tres Cantos has viewed by 1825 visitor.
WordUnscrambler.co is not affiliated, associated, or sponsored with either Scrabble® or Words With Friends® in any way
Browse married couples pictures, photos, images, gifs, and videos on photobucket. Free dating stock photos and illustrations download free and premium royalty free stock photography and illustrations from freedigitalphotosnet. Browse couples dating pictures, photos, images, gifs, and videos on photobucket. Dating naked is a series that explores the art of romance natalie chooses david and the happy couple will leave the island together 9/14/16 browse all clips. In the early 1900s, dating was chaperoned and recognize, same-sex couples and unions getty images the landmark civil rights case. Super singles & couples™ - dance photos i © copyright 2004-2008 parallels all rights reserved |singles dances ma, nh & ri parties. Why do couples look alike 3 brian harkin/getty images news/getty images one of the greatest secrets of the dating pool is that people seem to actively.
Buy from over 78684 royalty-free stock photos, videos & vectors of couples in love download from our image gallery all image rights included. Professional quality interracial couple images and pictures at very affordable prices with over 50 million stunning photos to choose dating young couple. Black and desi love hi beautiful friends hw r u all my name is manil i am from india i like blindian couples very much u all r most interracial dating. Reality show couples getty images / ilya s savenok) the couple behind the e sammi sweetheart giancola and ronnie ortiz-magro began dating after.
Fred couples news, gossip, photos of fred couples, biography, fred couples girlfriend list 2016 relationship history fred couples relationship list. A legendary couple, stephanie mcmahon and triple h, seen here holding the women's championship and the wwe championship, respectively. Who's dated who who's dating who celebrity gossip hollywood news relationships, engagements, weddings, divorces, pregnancies, babies and.
Dress up the couple for a romantic date, choose hairstyles, make-up and clothes. Ugly couples next gallery ugly brats related media celebrity couples that prove love is blind 23 celebrity couples you probably forgot. Eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly compatible singles eharmony's matching is based on using its 29 dimensions® model to match couples based on features of compatibility found in thousands of successful relationships.
Never say never when vh1 premiered its hit summer reality series dating naked in july, the concept – that luckless. Couple is a more intimate way to share over 35 million downloads and a google play staff express yourself with video, audio, photos, and.
281 quotes have been tagged as couples: tahereh mafi: ‘i'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe’, fannie flagg: ‘i wonder how many people don't get the one.
Cute photography ideas and inspiration for couples, including: poses, props, locations, and what to wear for your photo shoot perfect for engagments or an anniversary photo session | see more ideas about couple photos, couple photography and engagements.
Meet your next date or soulmate 😍 chat, flirt & match online with over 20 million like-minded singles 100% free dating 30 second signup mingle2. Beautiful interracial relationships 130k likes please read the about section before submitting a photo this is not a dating page or site we do not. Couples funny cartoons from cartoonstock directory - the world's largest on-line collection of cartoons and comics.
EXTRAS AVAILABLE ON FULL SERVICES AT AN ADDED FEE: TOY PLAY BONDAGE ( both ways includes cuffs and whips / paddle and light spanking ) GROUP BOOKINGS ( by appointment only and prices depends on numbers, that iss a full open service ) I WORK EVERY DAY FROM 9AM TO LATE AT NIGHT CORRECT CASH ONLY OR EFTPOS AVAILABLE.SO PLEASE TXT OR CALL ME NOW ON 0478 083 800 and tell me what you would like, when you would like to come and how long for.
Bazaar Added by miss ebony ebony worn panties and domination curvy ebony domme selling worn panties and email slave training assignments and much more, subs need to tribute to serve me, my main interests are feminization, financial domination and humiliation, give me a message.INCALLS ONLY TXT or CALL 0478 083 800 Scarlett LOCATION: LOGAN, WATERFORD WEST QLD 4133 these are some of my websites: International Classifieds Added by City Sex Dolls Lifelike Silicone Sex Dolls.. [email protected] Erotic services Added by Anya Erotic opening Dear lovers, I am sensual, tantric and erotic masseuse.Male and Female We are highly dedicated in selling high quality lifelike Sex dolls. I am now looking to open up my sensuality to accommodate to some new types of clients or possible employers.GFE : (girlfriend experience) oral both ways, titty fuck, blow job, hand job, CIM, COF, COB, deep throat, kissing, dirty talk, safe sex and dress ups a full sex service with oral both ways that is 0 for 30 mins.a full sex service with oral both ways that is 0 for 1 hr.
The dove, that descends on “Jesus” at his baptism is typical of the conscious “descent” of the “Higher Self” or Soul (Atma-Buddhi) on Manas, the Higher Ego; or in other words, the union during initiation of the Christos, with Chrestos, or the imperishable “Individuality” in the All, with the transcendent Personality—the Adept. nor the Region of the Saviour of the Twins, who is the Child of the Child (1); nor in what Regions Page 10 the three Amens emanate; nor yet the Region of the Five Trees and Seven Amens, which are also the Seven Voices (2), according to the manner of their emanation. –––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– (1) The “Child of the Child” is Manas, the child of Buddhi on a higher plane, and the lower Manas, the child of the higher, on an inferior semi-human plane. (2) The “Three Amens” are: the upper triad in septenary man; the region of the “Five Trees” is the earth and localities wherein the actual and past Five Root-Races have developed; the “Seven Amens” and the “Seven Voices” are identical with the “Seven Aums and the Seven Mystic Voices,” “the voice of the inner God” (vide The Voice of the Silence, pp. The Gnostics, on the contrary, always explain the term in its most spiritual and metaphysical sense, treating of its cosmogonical and theogonical signification and ignoring its material and physiological explanation. 30) * Origen with much verbiage and contempt treats of the “accursed diagram” of the Ophites, which his Gnostic opponent Celsus had referred to. Compare with this:— “Then the three (triangles) fall into the four (quaternary).
Online Dating Advice Just by including a picture in your profile in Go Japan Go Friends you will increase the number of Asian Women looking for marriage who will communicate with you by a factor of If not, no big deal, you just go on chatting with your siye and meeting new ones May 31, Any tips on ones that are not gojapango dating site scam??
Dominican ladies are some of the most beautiful, loving and passionate women in the world. However, the odds of meeting one in the traditional way are very small.
With gorgeous dark hair, exotic features and wonderful personalities, these women are every man's dream!
Thousands of drivers caught by anti-speeding firm used by police may have fines quashed over claims it has All Trademarks belong to their respective owners. Alec Baldwin admits he has been 'very sexist' in the dating site as he calls for change in Hollywood after Weinstein scandal Admitting his faults Long night?
If you love the gorgeous skin, sleek hair and mesmerizing eyes of Vietnamese singles then this site is a great fit for you.
Cute Pants – He is so cute even when he wears his pants. Iron Man – Because he is cocky, funny and incredibly strong. A great nickname for serious couples who are thinking of taking their relationship to the next level. Stallion – For the manly man who makes you weak in the knees.
An internet service provider (the data controller) has its headquarters outside the EU, e.g. in Japan. It has commercial offices in most Member States of the EU, and an office in Ireland dealing with issues connected with the processing of personal data, including in particular IT support. The controller is developing a data centre in Hungary, with employees and servers devoted to the processing and storage of data relating to the users of its services.
The controller in Japan also has other establishments in various Member States of the EUda Uomo Corsa Verde NIKE Green Max mlt 95 Scarpe Carbon Black Essential Air Green Nero , with different activities:
– the office in Ireland is the only establishment within the EU, with activities in the context of which personal data are effectively being processed (notwithstanding the input from the Japanese headquarters).
The activities of the Irish office trigger the application of EU data protection law: personal data are processed in the context of the Irish office’s activities, therefore such processing is subject to EU data protection legislation.
The law applicable to processing carried out in the context of the Irish office’s activities is Irish data protection legislation, regardless of whether the processing takes place in Portugal, Italy or any other Member State.
This means that, in this hypothesis, the data centre in Hungary would have to comply with Irish data protection law with regard to the processing of the personal data of the users of the service provider. This would be without prejudice however to the application of Hungarian law to a distinct processing of personal data by the Hungarian data centre, in relation to its own activities – for instance processing of personal data concerning the employees of the data centre.
For the commercial offices based in other Member States, if their activity is limited to general non-user-targeted advertising campaigns which do not involve the processing of users’ personal data, they are not subject to EU data protection laws. However, if they decide to conduct a processing in the context of their activities involving the personal data of individuals in the country where they are established (such as sending targeted advertisements to users and possible future users for their own business purposes), they will have to comply with the local data protection legislation.
If no connection can be established between the processing of data and the Irish establishment (IT support is very limited and there is no involvement in the processing of personal data), other provisions of the Directive could still trigger the application of data protection principles, for example if the controller uses equipment in the EU. This is considered in chapter III.3 below.”
BOSS can assist security surveys, physical security planning, document security, discrete investigation, and risk analysis,
The talented, diversified attorneys of Fischer Porter & Thomas P.C. possess qualifications including licenses to practice in New Jersey and New York at the federal, state and local level. Managing Partner Arthur "Scott" L. Porter, Jr. has successfully represented businesses of all sizes and individuals at trial, at the negotiating table and through legal counseling. Partner Alan C. Thomas concentrates his practice in complex litigation and employment matters and has achieved great results for many satisfied clients. Our various lawyers "of counsel" and our associates provide a deep and strong bench to our team and further enhance the versatility and depth of our firm, covering practice areas including estate and tax planning, environmental, intellectual property and white collar and criminal matters.
We have litigated high-profile cases, including both jury and non-jury trials, in a number of jurisdictions, including locations outside of New York and New Jersey: Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Maryland, Utah, and Ohio. Learn more about each attorney through the links above. Then contact Fischer Porter & Thomas, P.C. to schedule a consultation.
On behalf of real estate developer, successfully tried in chancery court a breach of contract and quiet title action and obtained a permanent injunction barring …
The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation. We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. Contacting us does not create an attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until an attorney-client relationship has been established through a formal retention agreement.
When a vendor of your how to get cash for gift card fails they normally openly present it, so you will definitely see tales regarding their insolvency in the media. You can in addition evaluate if they are bankrupt by surfing ASIC s insolvency alerts.
Right right here are things you can do when you hold a how to get cash for gift card from a store that winds up being insolvent.
If you have in fact obtained a how to get cash for gift card utilizing a charge card, you might have chargeback legal rights. This suggests you could in many cases acquire your reimbursement from your financial institution card firm, how to get cash for gift card. You need to get in touch with the launching banks, creating culture or loaning organization instantly as there are issues in addition to period on making a chargeback case.
If you have a how to get cash for gift card as well as also do not mean to ask the person that used it to you to request a chargeback, you could sign up with an outdoors manager or liquidator as an unsafe lending institution. The insolvency treatment will certainly develop if you get a complete reimbursement, a partial reimbursement or no compensation in any method.
Convert gift card to cash Sell amazon gift card Convert gift card to bitcoin Sell amazon gift card Gift card exchange amazon Amazon gift card exchange Sell itunes gift card Sell itunes gift card Sell best buy gift card Sell walmart gift card Sell gift card for cash Gift card to cash Gift card for cash machines Convert visa gift card to cash Trade gift card for cash Gift card for cash Gift card for cash near me Sell my gift card for instant cash How to get cash from a gift card Sell amazon gift card for cash
I'm torn between surprising Maggy and bragging about the latest DIY project. I'm betting that Maggy will be surprised when she sees this. And by Thanksgiving she will forget about it and still be surprised when she comes home.
I've avoided having guests for months because thanks to my four feline friends, my seventeen year old carpet is really, really embarrassing.
Taking out the old carpet was really the worst part of the project. This new wood product is a snap to install. It really won't allow you to do it wrong.
1v to make send IMs & enjoy free video, voice calls on Skype to Skype mobile platform discover the world of S. Apr 19, · Perhaps the number- one reason for getting Skype is to transmogrify your Galaxy Tab into a phone. I would like to take some contacts on a house tour and be able to. Making a Skype Video Call on Your Galaxy TabPro S;. How do I restore this latter? Download apps with Google Play on your Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 ( 10. 1 ( Wi- Fi) from Samsung US Support.
Is there an app required? 1 We skype our daughter in Zamba ( Recieve sound & Video) but she gets the sound but cannot see us. Switch to Galaxy; Galaxy Tab S3;. Does it work with Skype at all? 1 while using Skype? Skype is the world’ s most popular VoIP service that’ s used both for calling and chatting.
Get access to helpful solutions how- to guides, owners' manuals product specifications for your Galaxy Tab Pro 10. Being new to the Galaxy Tab Community, I wanted to find out how to use the Tab with Skype.
This official Skype client app for Android features the same functionality as its PC counterpart colleagues, talk with your friends, lets you chat f. 1 Wifi und Galaxy Tab 3 7. How to download free Skype for Samsung Galaxy Tab 10. 1 P5220 for free via 3G internet for making chat and video calls with step by step installation tips to ins.
Download Skype for Android 8. Aug 15, · I have had a Skype pay as you go account for years. Until recently it also worked with my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.
To get Skype, saunter on over to the Android Market and download the app. After installing Skype on your Tab, follow these steps to get started: Start the Skype app. Read through the initial, informational screens.
Perhaps the number- one reason for getting Skype is to transmogrify your Galaxy Tab into a phone. The trick works:.
How to Use Skype to Chat on Galaxy Tab;. Your Galaxy Tab doesn’ t come with Skype software preinstalled. I have had a Skype pay as you go account for years.
The article-based thesis is turning into more and more universal, specially within the 'hard' sciences comparable to biology, medication and expertise, and is commencing to change the conventional monograph. layout directions fluctuate between universities. this can be the 1st publication to summarise the most positive factors, exhibiting the PhD pupil the best way to organize a thesis in any such structure. The feedback are hugely sensible; either its strong and undesirable examples from released theses aid the author's clever recommendation on all features of such theses. terrible figures will not be purely scrutinised intimately but in addition redrawn for comparability. counsel additionally covers the problems of reprint permissions and copyright. This informative and available booklet, from the writer of ways to write down and Illustrate a systematic Paper, has been built in the course of the author's large instructing adventure in clinical writing and in addition his adventure as a magazine editor. it truly is for that reason an integral advisor to article-based thesis good fortune.
Because the early Nineties, there was a proliferation of memoirs by means of tenured humanities professors. even supposing the memoir shape has been mentioned in the flourishing box of lifewriting, educational memoirs have bought little serious scrutiny. according to shut readings of memoirs via such teachers as Michael Berube, Cathy Davidson, Jane Gallop, bell hooks, Edward stated, Eve Sedgwick, Jane Tompkins, and Marianne Torgovnick, educational Lives considers why such a lot of professors write memoirs and what cultural capital they convey.
WithoutCovers incites dialog, debate, argument, and so much pressingly, questions in regards to the purposes in the back of and results of small literary magazines relocating to on-line publishing. Questions mentioned are: Is it attainable? How? whilst? and the main difficult, Why? during the musings of 19 famous editors, poets, fiction, nonfiction, and hypertext writers, readers can eavesdrop right into a dialogue of the aim and politics of on-line publishing that has created a brand new bridge among conventional literary pursuits and present institutional, cultural, and monetary pressures to target expertise.
Grub Street Abroad: Aspects of the French Cosmopolitan Press from the Age of Louis XIV to the French Revolution (Lyell Lectures)
Eighteenth-century French readers who desired to stay alongside of political and literary tendencies, needed to depend on books and journals imported from in a foreign country. French writers, similar to Voltaire and Rousseau, additionally trusted international companies to get their works in print. Grub highway in another country demonstrates the significance of extraterritorial publishing for the Enlightenment and the French Revolution.
This accomplished guide deals path for each step of the thesis or dissertation technique, from identifying a suitable subject to adapting the completed paintings for booklet.
If the publisher has its own permissions form (most publishers have), you may use it, of course. However, you are advised to paste the above permission letter into the appropriate box – so that all details are included, for example, the permission to use Figure 1. Credit line The credit line is usually placed at the bottom of the page that lists the individual papers. In such a line, some illogical writing may occur. Here is one example. All papers are reprinted with permission of the publishers.
Try, as an umbrella, one of them, and avoid introducing synonyms (Alexey Schramko 2010): The goals were to determine the effects of a single dose . .  the mechanisms of . .  the hemodynamic proﬁle . .  50 How to Prepare a Scientiﬁc Doctoral Dissertation Based on Research Articles Aims can also appear as questions (Rahmat Nadafﬁ, 2007):    Why is an invasive species more successful in some areas than others? (Paper I) How do zebra mussels affect phytoplankton community structure in lakes?
Study IV described mood, health, and daily life experiences of the children’s parents to investigate (i) impact that the child’s impairments and symptoms have on the family and (ii) community services support. Study I (single subject design; each child was its own control) comprised 6 children with neurological disorders. Study II (hypothesis refinement study) comprised 25 healthy children recruited from a community pre-school and 15 children with cerebral or spinal cord disorders from Child and youth neurohabilitation in Örnsköldsvik.
Download Physics of Optoelectronic Devices (Wiley Series in Pure and by Shun Lien Chuang PDF - Trung Tam The Library
Comments Off on Download Physics of Optoelectronic Devices (Wiley Series in Pure and by Shun Lien Chuang PDF
Emphasizes the idea of semiconductor optoelectronic units, demonstrating comparisons among theoretical and experimental effects. offers such very important themes as semiconductor heterojunctions and band constitution calculations close to the band edges for bulk and quantum-well semiconductors. info semiconductor lasers together with double-heterostructure, stripe-geometry gain-guided semiconductor, allotted suggestions and surface-emitting. Systematically investigates high-speed modulation of semiconductor lasers utilizing linear and nonlinear earnings. positive aspects new matters corresponding to the theories at the band buildings of strained semiconductors and strained quantum-well lasers. Covers key parts at the back of the operation of semiconductor lasers, modulators and photodetectors. An Instructor's handbook providing distinctive recommendations to the entire difficulties within the booklet is on the market from the Wiley editorial division
This publication provides the contents of a CISM path on waves and instabilities in plasmas. For newbies and for complicated scientists a evaluate is given at the nation of information within the box. consumers can receive a large survey.
This publication bridges a niche among significant groups of Condensed subject Physics, Semiconductors and Superconductors, that experience thrived independently. utilizing an unique standpoint that the most important debris of those fabrics, excitons and Cooper pairs, are composite bosons, the authors increase basic questions of present curiosity: how does the Pauli exclusion precept wield its strength at the fermionic elements of bosonic debris at a microscopic point and the way this impacts their macroscopic physics?
Furthermore, for a constant light intensity, we find the steady-state solution Therefore, the amount of the excess carrier concentration is simply the optical generation rate G, multiplied by the carrier lifetime. is the length of the semiconductor. * ACT = q ( ~ , , S n+ P , ~ P ) is called the photodonductivity. We find - cr(wn + w,)Go~,? which is proportionaI to the generation rate and the carrier lifetime. The photocurrent is and A is the cross-sectional area of the sernicond-crctor-. For most seioicondtlctors, 'the electrorl mobility is z-nxcl?
If you like uniform fetish porn videos then you should really check out what we have for you on this xxx site. Archive section: August 2013
Philly DA Office Must Provide All Records of Top Judge’s Role as DA in Opposing Mumia Appeal (May 6, 2017)
Old Folsom prisoners hunger strike for their 8th Amendment right – freedom from cruel and unusual punishment
We have got the opportunity to host Global Office 365 Developer Bootcamp in Letterkenny as part of Letterkenny DotNet Azure User Group (LK-MUG).
Following the success of last year, Global Office 365 Developer Bootcamp now becomes an annual event.
It is a free, one-day, hands-on training event led by Microsoft MVPs with support from Microsoft and local community leaders.
Developers worldwide are invited to attend the bootcamp to learn the latest on Office 365 platform including Microsoft Graph, SharePoint Framework, Microsoft Teams, Office Add-ins, Connectors and Actionable Messages and apply what you learn to your future projects.
LK-MUG is a Microsoft recognized user community established in Letterkenny, Donegal, Ireland under the full name “Letterkenny DotNet Azure User Group”. We are currently being operated with support of .NET foundation and Microsoft. This community is for everyone interested in Microsoft .NET, Office-365, SharePoint, Azure cloud platform and other Microsoft Open Source initiatives.
We are committed to helping you learn and share things about .Net, Office-365, SharePoint and Azure Cloud.
Our community brings all students, enthusiasts, experts and professionals working in and around Donegal county in Ireland.
Time to time we will be seeing events organized by Microsoft and MVPs to provide best-in-class learning experience for Microsoft Technology enthusiasts.
As a developer, you always have to take the pain of getting adapted to the best practices and coding guidelines to be followed as per the organizational or industrial standards. Easy way to ensure your coding style follows certain standard is to manually analyze your code or use a static code analyzer like FxCop, StyleCop etc. Earlier days I have been a fan of FxCop as it was free and it provides me all necessary general guidelines in terms of improving my solution.
In this modern world of programming everything needs to be automated, as it saves time and money in terms of automating repetitive tasks and improves efficiency. This is where static code analysers coming effective.
Static program analysis is the analysis of computer software that is performed without actually executing programs, on some version of the program source code, and in the other cases, some form of the object code or intermediate compiled code .
Sophistication of static program analysis increases is based on how deep they analyze in terms of behavior of individual statements and declarations, to analyzing the entire source code.
In this article I will give you an overview of one such premier static code analysis tool that can be used for your daily development routine plus use it for CI integration for DevOps efficiency.
NDepend is a static analysis tool for .NET, specifically for managed code: NDepdend supports a large number of code metrics, allowing to visualize dependencies using directed graphs and dependency matrix. It also performs code base snapshots comparisons, and validation of architectural and quality rules.
Declarative rule support through LINQ queries, and it is called CQLinq and comes with a large number of predefined CQLinq rules.
Integration support for Cruise Control.Net, SonarCube, am City. Code rules can be configured to be checked automatically in Visual Studio or during continuous integration(CI).
Once you obtained license you will able to download NDepend_2018.1.1.9041.zip, is latest version available while I write this article. Extract the zip file into your local folder, you could see the different packages/executables within the package.
For the demo purpose our analysis target would be one of the starter project from github – ContosoUniversity by @alimon808.
NDepend is one of the best enterprise grade commercial static analyser seen so far. There are Visual Studio Code Analysis, FxCop and Stylecop Analyzer tools available but they do not provide extensive level of analysis reports NDepend provides. Being a commercial tool it gives value for money for customers by what they need. In terms of a day to day developer or devops lifecycle, you can integrate NDepend in your build process, which could be simple as executing the NDepend Console and reviewing the output. With NDepend’s API it is easy to develop your own custom analysis tools based on CQLinq and NDepend.PowerTools(which is open source). You could find all the detailed help in NDepend documentation.
Cosmos Db is a multi-region scallable, globally-distributed database solution as part of Microsoft Azure Platform. With a button click, Azure Cosmos DB enables you to elastically and independently scale throughput and storage across any number of Azure’s geographic regions. It offers throughput, latency, availability, and consistency guarantees with comprehensive service level agreements (SLAs), that no other database service can offer. [REF]
What it means is that once you select this option, and underlying platform will ensure that your main database is replicated across other global regions you have defined.
Cosmos Db will serve the data from nearest available regional copy to provide low latency in accessing the database. Inorder to achieve it is recommended to deploy both the application and Azure Cosmos DB in the regions that correspond.
Incase that nearest available region is not defined, it would serve from nearest available or main copy. This could be East US or West US depending on your deployment decisions.
As BCDR(Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery) plan, Incase main copy is not available, it would faillover to serve the requests from any backup region.
Ensured AVAILABILITY @ 99.99% – Azure Cosmos DB offers low latency reads and writes at the 99th percentile worldwide.
Faster READS: It ensures that all reads are served from the closest (local) region. To serve a read request, the quorum local to the region in which the read is issued is used.
Reliable WRITES: The same applies to writes. A write is acknowledged only after a majority of replicas have durably committed the write locally but without being gated on remote replicas to acknowledge the writes.
PS: The replication protocol of Azure Cosmos DB operates under the assumption that the read and write quorums are always local to the region where the request has been issued.
Azure Cosmos DB enables you to configure the regions (associated with the database) for “read”, “write” or “read/write” regions.
NB: For the purpose of this article, I have configured my instance to run different regions with write region as East US and read region as West Europe,North Europe and West US.
Now coming to the context of this blog, as a application developer some times you would like to programatically control the access to these regions while using Cosmos Db .NET SQL API.
All reads will be sent to the first available region in the PreferredLocations list. If the request fails, the client will fail down the list to the next region, and so on.
For example: If you have 4 read regions defined in your cosmos Db instance and you only have 2 regions defined in PreferredLocations in connectionPolicy, requests from other two regions would never be served from SDK.
Recently I have been trying multiple ways to optimize CosmosDb SQL.NET SDK integration calls from my web application that sits within a VNET.
After carefully analyzing different options available within Cosmos Db SQL API’s have realized there are different aspects we could optimize in achieving minimal turn around time. In this article I am going to discuss about one such useful find, that is to use Cosmos Db SQL SDK connection policy to use diferent networking options to improve the latency between web application and cosmos db API calls.
Performance of an client application has important implication based on – how SQL .NET SDK connects to Azure Cosmos DB , because of expected client-side latency due to networking conditions. There are two key configuration settings available for configuring client Connection Policy – the connection mode and the connection protocol.
Gateway Mode(which is default): This mode is the default option being used and works with all Cosmos DB SDK versions. Since it is only accessible over HTTPS/TCP, it is more secure and best choice for applications that run on a constrained secure corporate network. If you are using the .NET Framework version of the CosmosDb SQL.NET SDK, then proably this is the only connection mode that would work for you.
Direct Mode: This is a new mode which will work only on .NET Standard 2.0 onwards. It provides you an ability to choose between TCP or HTTPS more efficiently. Only caveat is that you would need .NET Standard 2.0 as target framework for your client application.
Connection Protocol – TCP: TCP would be more faster when client and db are in same VNET. Since TCP within the same network would be more faster, you would be amazed by the latency improvements by your client application. It would respond faster to you cosmos Db requests. NB In TCP mode apart from 443 and 10255 mentioned in Gateway more, we also need to ensure port range between 10000 and 20000 is open in your firewall configuration, because Azure Cosmos DB uses dynamic TCP ports.
Connection Protocol – HTTPS: Since client application and cosmosDb are in same network limits, you could see that HTTPS option is also a reliable, secure and faster access channel for you, but not highly performing as TCP.
PARIS - France's Pasteur Institute, which pioneered research into AIDS, said Friday it has filed suit against the United States to establish its claim that it discovered the deadly virus before American researchers.
"Very large sums" could be at stake in royalties from worldwide testing for AIDS, the institute's director, Raymond Dedonder, told a news conference.
"This isn't war with the Americans, not even with the (research) team in question. There is still cooperation and exchange of material and there are meetings on AIDS almost every week." source...
Almost a year before Gallo announced his findings, Montagnier at the Pasteur Institute had identified a virus he called LAV, though he was not able to prove that it caused AIDS. The two laboratories were cooperating with each other in the race to find the cause of AIDS and several samples of this virus had been sent to Gallo at the National Cancer Institute. The controversy which would embroil the American scientist's career for almost the next decade began when the United States government denied the French scientists a patent for the AIDS test and awarded one to his team instead. source...
Columbus, Ohio - In 1991, shortly after becoming director of the National Institutes of Health, I was summoned to Capitol Hill by the staff of Representative John Dingell, the powerful Democratic chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. The panel's Oversight and Investigations subcommittee, which he also led, wanted to discuss draft reports being prepared by the fraud office at N.I.H. on two high-profile scientific misconduct investigations.
In one, Dr. Thereza Imanishi-Kari, an immunologist, was accused of fabricating data to support a 1986 article in the journal "Cell." Her research had been conducted in collaboration with David Baltimore, a Nobelist who vehemently defended the findings. In the other, Robert Gallo, and Mikulas Popovic of the N.I.H., were accused of falsifying data in a study of the virus that causes AIDS. source...
Most aspects of Human Rights, medical ethics and legal rights have been violated by the AIDS establishment source...
A mimi display on the Governor Stone may be seen at the Publishing Museum, 1134 Beck Avenue, Panama City, Florida, when it reopens following Hurricane Michael. A walking tour of the historic St. Andrews area is available from the museum and includes the Governor Stone herself when she is in port. Download the new walking tour app.
The Bay County Historical Society at 133 Harrison Avenue in Panama City and the Heritage Museum at 115 Westview Avenue in Valparaiso, FL also have a permanent display on the Governor Stone.
In 2010 The Friends of the Governor Stone, Inc. received a grant from the Florida Humanities Council to produce 4 educational panels depicting the history of schooners along the Gulf Coast, the duties they performed, their contribution to local development and the specific story of the Governor Stone. Della Scott-Ireton, Director of the Northwest Region of the Florida Public Archaeology Network and Amy Mitchell-Cook, Assistant Professor of the Department of History at the University of West Florida in Pensacola were scholars for the project. These panels often travel with the vessel, but are also available to organizations and institutions in the area as an educational display. Interested parties are welcome to contact us.
Fashion, accessories and decoration for your home – the ambition essential™ sewing machine does it all.
Look forward to a generous 200 mm space to the right of the needle. That means relaxed working and lots of space for large amounts of fabric - an advantage for quilters! Thanks to the three LED light sources the complete work suface is optimally illuminated with no shadows. (Two LED lights for ambition essential™ sewing machine)
Absolutely even fabric feed from both the top and bottom. The IDT™ System is ideal for the quilter and sewer! Built right onto the machine, it can be easily engaged or disengaged as needed.
A wide variety of beautiful 7mm stitches, including utility stitches, buttonholes, decorative stitches, quilt stitches, cross stitches and hemstitches.
PROS: Has good size with good speed and range. Moves well in space. Quick to come up and defend the run and fairly natural working in the box. Has good closing burst on the ball which makes him a formidable hitter. Does a nice job wrapping up and can make stops in the open field. Can be an enforcer over the middle. Does best work when he can keep things in front on him on shorter zones, with the burst and ability to read quarterback and make a play on the ball. Shows some ability as a press corner.
CONS: Not always a heady defender. Struggles in coverage, especially when he lines up against slot receiver because of poor hips and burst. Gives too much contact when working in man coverage and will be susceptible to flags. Overpursues at times and takes some poor angles to the ball. Doesn't always break down as a tackler and will miss some stops in the open field on occasion.
OVERVIEW: A three-year starter that played both safety spots and cornerback during his Tech career, after starting out as a quarterback before his freshman year. He played free safety this past year, but is probably a better fit at strong safety on the next level. Chancellor is one of those players that usually was up and down during his career, showing ball skills and range in some games, and then in others looking lost. Appeared more consistent as a senior. Combined for 6 career picks and 19 passes defended.
NFL FORECAST: Chancellor is not the smart, consistent cover guy you want quarterbacking your defense. He needs work in coverage, but I think with his size and athleticism has the ability to match up with tight ends as a strong safety. But he's best working in the box. He could convert to linebacker, but he'd be a work in progress there as he hasn't shown the ability to shed blockers when he's working in the box. So he's probably a few years from being a competent starter there, and he'll have to play in a scheme that allows him to play in space and chase the ball. But I think if he can be coached up and made into a more consistent option, he'll be a better safety even with his coverage limitations. I don't think he'll ever be a great coverage guy, but if he plays with a smart free safety, then I think he can be an above average to good strong safety that will make his money playing the run. It's not from a lack of ability, but it's more discipline that limits him. And while he'll never be great in man coverage, his range, size, and speed can allow him to develop into a capable zone defender.
ATL FORECAST: Chancellor is a similar player to William Moore and thus there really isn't a lot of room for two of those types of players on the roster. He's not as disciplined as Moore is so it's doubtful he would surpass him. And as a linebacker, he would be a decent reserve in the Falcons 4-3 scheme, but doesn't have the coverage potential or size potential to really like his chances playing in the box on a full-time basis. Basically, whether it's at linebacker or safety he would just be a backup in Atlanta.
VALUE: For a team looking for a big, rangy strong safety and has some patience to develop him, he would make a nice late second round pick. But he's a safer pick in the third round.
Plain Packaging and its impact on the global economy – Law and Media Working Paper Series no. 8/2018 July 10, 2018
The importance of big data in mergers: the Facebook/WhatsApp merger – Law and Media Working Paper Series no. 7/2018 July 6, 2018
In the Beginning was Twitter: the Expansion of Hashtags and the New Challenges for Trademark Law – Law and Media Working Paper Series no. 5/2018 June 19, 2018
Janome DC7100 is probably the easiest to use sewing machine in the world. It was prepared at the request of all who appreciate the maximum simplicity and intuitiveness. All stitches are available on the panel, simply press one button and you're ready to sew. On the panel you can see big, really readable numeric buttons and the most popular stitches (straight, zigzag, overlock stitches and 3 the most popular automatic hole hemming).
- built-in external thread cutter (3 cutters - first one on bobbin winder, second one on needle plate and third one on cover)
payroll tax calculator excel payroll tax calculator excel deductions total net pay 5 free payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel payroll tax calculator excel image titled prepare payroll in excel step 5 free payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel how to calculate income tax payroll deductions in ms excel a office california payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel payroll tax calculator excel employee salary calculator free payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel payroll tax calculator excel payroll tax calculator excel file for free free payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel payroll income tax tax calculation sheet in ms free payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel what is federal income tax withholding guidelines and more free payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel image titled prepare payroll in excel step 7 free payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel excel formula help nested if statements for calculating employee income tax california payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel how to calculate monthly retirement income in excel employer payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel payroll tax calculator excel excel spreadsheet for credit card calculator payroll tax calculator 2015 excel.
payroll tax calculator excel excel free payroll invoice template luxury photographer invoice employer payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel image titled prepare payroll in excel step employer payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel income tax calculator excel simple income tax calculator lite version income tax calculator employer payroll tax calculator excel.
payroll tax calculator excel downloadable payroll tax calculator employer payroll tax calculator excel.
WESTMINSTER WEST CAMPUS: 3701 NW 44 Street. Lauderdale Lakes, Florida 33319 (Broward County) [b]Directions[/b] From the East, including I-95: Go West on Commercial Blvd. to US 441 (St. Rd. 7). Go south to NW 44th Street (look for McDonalds on left). East on 44th Street, then left into complex. From the Turnpike: Exit on Commercial East. South on US 441 (St. Rd. 7) to NW 44th Street. East on 44th St, then left into complex [b]Description[/b] One of the pleasures of the Westminster Academy Cross Country Course is that much of the picturesque lakeside course is visible to spectators from the start/finish area, or from the visiting bleachers. The course starts at the west end of the football field underneath the goal post, runs across the diagonal of the football field, across the track, and after 150 meters exits the fenced area underneath the big trees through The Gate (16 feet wide). Runners cross 50 meters of grassy field (which gets quite muddy in rainy weather), then diagonally cross the main driveway, onto the grassy roadside along the edge of the lake. After about 200 meters the runners elevate slightly onto a golf tee and turn left at the southeast corner of the lake. The next 200 meters weaves through The Palms alongside the lake and tennis complex, before runners enter the wild side of the campus. Fifty meters later, the trail climbs the first of U-Turn Hills. This tough up hill has a left turn on the top, and drops immediately back down -- followed by a hard right turn (often assisted by hooking an arm around the 4x4 post). The next climb over the bare rocky soil elevates about 9 feet before dropping down to Florida Peninsula -- a 200 meter sweeping left U-turn on a nice grassy trail. The 800 meter mark is at the initial up-hill of Rocky Double. This difficult double hill on bare rocky soil tests the toughness of most runners. The second descent off Rocky Double is followed by 100 meters of flat sandy trail, then a gentle left turn down through Sandy Hollow, and uphill into a gentle right turn. The next hundred meters is flat, but ends with a right turn up a newly created modest hill (called Two Mile Hill on the return trip), followed by only 25 meters flat before The Mound, with its quick up and down to a new 50 meter trail portion that ends at The Ramp –a very small sandy four step with a very steep downhill (two steps and done). Next is the longest and tallest hill on the course, Boulder Hill, with its name-sake boulders strewn all up and down the edges of the trail. Boulder Hill descends into The Trench. At the bottom of The Trench is a sharp sandy left hand turn climb out of The Trench up into The Trees, with a gentle right bend into Left Turn Turn. Runners see this Y shaped intersection three times during the course from three different directions. Left Turn Turn has one rule -- when entering Left Turn Turn, turn left. In this first encounter,runners take the sharp left onto the trail called Fence Row Run, 150 meters somewhat downhill toward the lake, ending with Splash Turn (only with flooding high lake levels, actually) -- a sharp left turn at the end of the fence at the edge of the lake. Runners now follow the meandering, undulating Lakeside Trail along the lake's edge for about 250 meters before they finally make it to the rock pile and signs marking One Mile. After 100 meters more of Lakeside Trail, runners split right at the Y, through The Dip, to return through The Palms and across the old practice golf green, crossing the main driveway with a left turn toward the practice football goal posts at the very east end of the campus. Runners continue alongside the Dirt Driveway, headed south. Just before the exit gate, a 4x4 post with a red right sign marks a sharp right turn up-hill onto The Berm. This narrow path through landscape vegetation on the top of the berm runs 250 meters west, behind the baseball grandstands, before turning right, back down off the berm just before the restroom building, and along-side the left outfield fence hedge (on the grass or the sidewalk). Upon passing the initial track exit gate and the first shot-put circle, runners cross the 1.5 Mile Mark, heading west across the grass east of the visiting bleachers, diagonally across the driveway, onto the grass alongside the lake, and around the southwest corner of the lake. Runners bear right after that right turn, following the trail weaving alongside the lake, just east of the main grass parking lot. At the big northwest corner tree, the trail continues straight ahead into the Northwest Passage Trail, then up and down the conspicuous Top Soil Hill, and into Left Turn Turn. Runners (of course) turn left in Left Turn Turn to run back down into The Trench. A sharp sandy right turn in the bottom of The Trench is followed by the long uphill of Boulder Hill, now running the Hills Trail in the opposite direction they ran in mile one. Up and down The Ramp, The Mound, and up onto Two Mile Hill, with the exact two mile mark directly on the top of the hill. Now beginning the third mile, runners continue on Hills Trail East-bound, through Sandy Hollow, up and down Rocky Double, around the Florida Peninsula, up and down both U-Turn Hills, and back toward the northeast corner of the lake. At the intersection of trails, runners take the square right turn and (at the Y) rejoin Lakeside Trail, now westbound again for 350 meters of trail. Runners take the square right at Splash Turn, uphill slightly on Fence Run Row and into Left Turn Turn, where (of course) they turn left, this time up onto Top Soil Hill, and down into Northwest Passage Trail. Runners exit that trail onto the West Lakeside Trail, now with 800 meters to go, headed back to the parking lot turn, behind the visiting bleachers, onto the grass past the shot put circles, with 400 meters to go. They make the very sharp right turn through The Gate by the big trees, and onto the backstretch of the track for the final 250 meters. The three mile mark is on the track directly at the northwest light pole. The finish line is on the letter R of Westminster painted on the track on the front straightaway in front of the grandstands. To all runners, Westminster Academy hopes you enjoy the challenge of competing on one of Florida's most difficult courses.
The topic, after all, ranks right up there with politics and religion as far as what NOT to discuss with strangers.
But girlfriends, I’m shattering the silence. For better or for worse. Even if it makes my husband and three sons disown me. Even if it lets on to the fact that yes, I actually am MIDDLE-AGED. ***Gasp! I admitted it!*** (Special thanks to L’oreal for hiding my Pepe Le Pew-striped white hair roots for the last decade.)
I mean, my sons are 20, 19, and almost 17. I’m not fooling anyone anymore. (Why do we think we can–or even should? Also, who decided perimenopause needs to happen at the same time as empty-nesting? Come ON!)
After two-plus years of struggling with my weight and mood swings and ultimately–the deciding factor–a period that lasted an entire MONTH, I called my OB-GYN. (I still have the phone number memorized from the 1990’s when I birthed three babies in four years.)
They drew labs. They ultrasounded my uterus and ovaries. They listened to me complain about how I’ve always been thin and able to eat whatever my 6’2″ husband and sons eat, but now all I can think of is Fat Amy when I look in the mirror despite regular weight lifting and hoofing it at the gym and losing 30 pounds only to regain it all in six months.
After it was all said and done, my doctor, the same, kind woman who quite literally saved the life of my first born during a precarious labor two decades prior, the one in whose eyes rises and sets sheer obstetrical and gynecological brilliance, she called me and said the labs show that I’m in perimenopause.
The conflicting advice and research and opinions about hormone replacement therapy sent me into a near-panic attack (and I’m near enough to those already).
Would progesterone make me more crazy? Because I don’t need to mess with my head any more than it’s already messed up.
Some liked taking progesterone. Some didn’t. Some, the more scientific/research-leaning girls like myself, are scared to death of it.
Ultimately, because of my never-ending-period, I decided to give the progesterone a 10-day try to, as the nurse at the OB-GYN office said, “re-set my system.”
I’ve taken it for two days and all I can think about is how I’m going to either get a big, huge, nasty blood clot and die, or that I’m going to get breast cancer and die.
Tired of trying to look like my brain feels–like I’m still 25. Tired of trying to keep up with the women who are my age and somehow manage to still look 25 (mouth-breathers). Tired of being upset about being different than I’ve always been, and trying to figure out how to just be me gracefully in this ungraceful-feeling new body.
Enter a recent study of Ecclesiastes, that one, non-politically correct book of the Bible that says nothing we do matters or is new under the sun. But the same book of the Bible that suggests, in the meantime, we make the most out of our vaporous days and our unique purpose on this earth, for such a time as this.
Enter my Lord and Savior, who says that He knit and formed me, that He has a purpose and a hope for me, and who nowhere ever says that that purpose is weight or wrinkle or confidence or age dependent.
I’m not saying it’s easy. I’m not saying knowing and acknowledging these truths is an automatic embrace of the changes going on in my middle-aged body.
I’m going to try to embrace my new curves–not by letting myself go–but by doing the best I can with what I’ve got. (Except for during Girl Scout Cookie season. I think even Jesus will give me a pass on that.) And I’m going to try to appreciate…even celebrate…the fact that my curves are because I’ve birthed three beautiful boys and I’ve lived forty-something years and I work hard every day at what I do and if I have a little extra on board to show for it, then so be it.
For more laughs and tears and hope with more over 40 girls, be sure to pre-order this new book, in which I am privileged to have a chapter:
Women past a certain age often feel like they are fading into the background of life. The nest is emptying, limitations are increasing, and fear about aging and the years ahead grow. Even women of faith can feel a waning sense of value, regardless of biblical examples of godly women yielding fruit long after their youth is gone. But despite a youth-obsessed culture, the truth is that the second half of life can often be the richest.
It’s time to stop dreading and start embracing the wonder of life after 40. Here, well-known women of faith from 40 to 85 tackle these anxieties head-on and upend them with humor, sass, and spiritual wisdom. These compelling and poignant first-person stories are from amazing and respected authors including:
These women provide much-needed role models–not for aging gracefully but for doing so honestly, faithfully, and with eyes open to wonder and deep theology along the way. Each essay provides insight into God’s perspective on these later years, reminding readers that it’s possible to serve the kingdom of God and His people even better with a little extra life experience to guide you.
The Wonder Years is an inspiring and unforgettable guide to making these years the most fruitful and abundant of your life.
I’ve turned words in my head and started and stopped and prayed and not prayed and prayed some more.
The news cycle has been inundated for months now with cases of sexual abuse from all corners of the country…USA gymnastics, Hollywood and Harvey Weinstein, Andy Savage, the pastor who molested a girl in his youth group, and so many others.
For a survivor like me, this watershed moment is a blessing and a curse. It’s a blessing to know fellow survivors are feeling brave enough to speak their truth and seek help and healing. Glory be, it’s a blessing!
But it’s a curse, because every story makes me feel raw and sick and paralyzed with anger and fear all over again.
More often than not, I admit that I’ve wanted to do what Randall Margraves did.The father of not one, but three, of the gymnasts molested by Larry Nassar in the USA Gymnastics case, he charged Nassar in the middle of the courtroom.
One minute alone with each of the people who abused me, and those who enabled them, too. (Sadly, there were several.)
I want to storm their perfectly ordered worlds, where they’ve hidden the secret of what they’ve done to me (and likely to others, too, according to statistics) from everyone.
I want to find a way around the statute of limitations that prevent me from filing law suits and making their lives the hell that they’ve made mine.
I want them to feel the heinous things I’ve felt and will feel for the rest of my life. (These unending aftereffects are not the result of my own inability to forgive or heal, as I’ve been accused of before. On the contrary, and as science has recently confirmed, like an amputation, some scars never, ever fade this side of Heaven).
Like a child having a tantrum, I push and swing and kick and bite at the One who knows better than me…
…the One who wraps His arms around me and rocks my heart and whispers to me to be still…He’s got this…He’ll take care of them.
See, we live in a world where the idea of vengeance lends itself to a the false promise of rescuing us from our broken hearts and brokenness.
I’m not saying we shouldn’t file law suits where law suits are due. I’m not saying we shouldn’t prosecute sexual abusers to the fullest extent of the law. And I’m not saying anyone who has done so in a church should ever be restored to ministry.
What I am saying is that as survivors, most of us won’t have the opportunity to charge our abusers in a court of law, and for that reason and in general, we need to give the paybacks to the Lord.
As I’ve struggled these last few months, I’ve re-discovered the promises in Psalms 34 & 35 which remind me only the Lord can truly rescue…not only that, He DOES. The Lord is the one who rescues and doles out justice. The Lord is the one who protects and who promises all things secret will be revealed. Nothing hidden will stay that way. Indeed, He already knows it all.
And He wants to do the same for you, and for the gymnasts, and for the actresses, and for every girl who has ever faced an Andy Savage, or the people who allowed his unconscionable return to ministry, as well as the congregation who applauded his weak apology.
Fretting over feeling helpless against those sick abusers who have robbed me and others, when He promises vengeance to those who steal from the innocent…well, it’s a constant battle for me. Chronic PTSD and the overwhelming tendency for my brain to be in fight-or-flight mode (one of the permanent aftereffects of abuse now proven by medical science) make me want to fight and lash out first, and think about my actions later.
He wants me to put down my fists and to stop my flailing and my daydreams of having my own day in court, because only He can ever truly deliver me. Only He can ever truly make them pay. Only by forcing myself out of fight-or-flight mode and stepping aside to let the Lord fight for me can I be free.
Staying stuck in a posture of vengeance allows them to steal from me–from us–all over again. And what they stole the first time around was quite enough.
Maybe your fight isn’t abuse recovery or PTSD. Maybe you have another battle you’re trying to fight.
Trust me when I say the Lord wants you to let Him fight your battle. (2 Chronicles 20:15; Psalm 46:10).
What battle do you need to give to him today? What waters are you struggling to keep your head above? Reach out to His outstretched hands. Hold on to Him.
My novel, How Sweet the Sound, is a contemporary re-telling of the story of Tamar in 2 Samuel 13, quite possibly the earliest recorded “me too.” More than that, it’s a story of hope and healing and forgiveness.
Posted in abuse, brokenness, healing, hope, How Sweet the Sound novel, survivorsTagged #churchtoo, #metoo, Andy Savage, childhood sexual abuse, Harvey Weinstein, PTSD, PTSD recovery, sexual abuse, USA Gymnastics2 Comments
In a far field a farmer drives his tractor across the hard, barren soil, dust plume trailing behind.
The emphasis of course is on the thanks this season, but I wonder if it shouldn’t be on the giving, since only when we are empty and exposed can we know the blessing of the bounty.
“But I will rejoice even if I lose my life, pouring it out like a liquid offering to God, just like your faithful service is an offering to God. And I want all of you to share that joy…” ~Philippians 2:17 NLT
Posted in brokenness, God, grace, hopeTagged fall, farmers, farming, seasons, spring, thankfulness, Thanksgiving, winterLeave a comment
Four years ago, December 25th 2012, I had my bathroom epiphany. I looked up at myself in the mirror after Christmas Dinner with bloodshot eyes, welling up with tears, and whispered to my reflection something like: “Amy, what are you doing to yourself? You will never ever be happy if you keep feeling this way … Continue reading A Message For You This Season If You Struggle With An Eating Disorder ❤️
Orlando you’ve blown us away 🇺🇸❤️ I remember, just over 3 years ago when it was simply Paul and I making this all a reality, then me, Rachel and Paul knowing what we wanted to make happen but yet having no idea what we were in for... AND NOW, in 2018 we stand as an incredible team of 9 PLUS hundreds of the world’s most inspiring Health Care Business Owners from all corners of the globe. It’s been amazing this weekend to witness how far each and every one of you have come along your journey from the very first Mastermind meet, and an absolute pleasure to see many, MANY new faces in the room and FINALLY say hello face to face to so many of you. ☺️ Thank you team for making this happen and thank you to all who joined us, you are the glue that makes everything so special. Here’s to hitting the ground running in 2019 🙌 My heart is over spilling with gratitude and joy ☺️💛 #team #teampaul #physicaltherapy #cashpt #marketing #annualplanning #mastermind #business
Dear Kundalini Yoga, :: Thank you. When I found myself nervously rolling out my Yoga mat 11 months ago, little did I know that you would be the compass back to mySELF - and that I would come to KNOW that having a body, is heaven on earth. :: Through your sweet, slow, soft and spirited movements - you have shaken me awake and have returned me to this body. :: I’m now at day 169 on my journey of letting go of control, of coping mechanisms I no longer need to keep me safe, and the grips of Binge Eating Disorder. :: Each time you invite me to sit with mySELF in meditation with your kriyas, I experience something different. Sometimes it’s blissful, sometimes it’s uncomfortable - but you help me witness the familiar melodies that play on loop, free from judgement, and then I witness WHAT is noticing the medleys - the stillness that is separate from them… the stillness that is ME. :: I am beginning to love the stillness, love the peace, love the energy that I am and celebrate it in each and every one of us. :: Before, eating was a way of leaving this body that I felt so distressed living in… But now that I know how to feel into what’s truly going on, the uneasy-ness feels less and less disturbing. :: Now I thank this body for keeping me alive. Keeping me moving and growing despite the torture and pain it faced on almost a daily basis. :: Now I’m choosing to occupy this body. To move with grace in these arms and legs. And I feel the compulsion to turn to food, to distraction, and to leave the body, fall sweetly away. :: You’re teaching me so many transformative things, and today you’ve lead me to knowing this: :: That having a body IS heaven itself. It’s such a perfect thing. :: Breathe in. Breathe out. :: In every conscious moment, you have a choice to come back to YOU. :: Sat Nam ❤ :: #yoga #kundalini #kundaliyoga #mentalhealthawareness #eatingdisorderrecovery #bingeeatingrecovery #selfcare #selflove #ptsd #metoo #meditation
Hello Wild Souls 🐺 we’re moving into month 3 of the Where The Wild Souls Go #BookClub where we’re soaking up the words of the magical book, Women Who Run With The Wolves (you can join us at ANY time - just send me a message here or search the book club on Facebook ❤️) : Month 3 is one of my favourites - it makes my heart light up with so much enthusiasm. : The tale of #vasalisa is all about the retrieval of intuition 🐺 : Intuition is the compass you enter this world with. We give it up so easily most time without knowing for the voice of others. : Though all you need to know, is already burning bright inside you. : Listen to your knowing and allow it to lead you. It’s far easier to throw the covers back over your head and go back to sleep then to listen to your inner whispers. : But when you have the courage to face the unknown, you’re rewarded with the light of grace and understanding. It’s time to feel powerful 😉 : Would love to have you join us 💛📚 #reading #womenwhorunwiththewolves #intuition #selfcare #selflove #empowerment #masculine #femme #kundaliniyoga #yoga #poetrycommunity
Dear ones, 💕 : As I continue to get closer and closer to mySELF that breathes within this body of mine through this healing journey I committed entirely to 11 months ago - I keep getting reminded that it’s ok to take my time. : When you’ve experienced something so truly painful that you’d never wish upon another soul to go through - it’s so easy to want to race through it. To grab hold of every part, and chuck it to the side, wipe your hands clean and say “I’m done”. : But that’s not how it works. : You cannot bypass something that brutally shook you and expect it to be sunshine and rainbows, to leave you forever, and to finally feel free. : No. Healing, it isn’t pretty. : It isn’t as serene as the word has been painted to seem. : Healing means facing off those darker times that torment you. That cloud your heart and make you tremble to the bone. : You can’t rush your healing. : Darkness has it’s teachings. : And as I’ve come to so beautifully KNOW through the tools I’ve been gifted with… : …Love - is never leaving. : Breathe in deep. Exhale completely. : When you enter, hear yourSELF singing this to you: : “My love is just a reminder, find your center.” ✨ : Oh, and taking your sweet, slow time - doesn’t mean you’re weak because you can’t face it all right now… No. It means you’re courageous, brave and strong - because you’re honouring yourself and every precious part… : In just the right way for YOU. : Sat Nam, I love you xoxo 😘 : #satnam #mentalhealthawareness #selfcare #selflove #meditation #yoga #kundaliniyoga #ptsd #health #eatingdisorderrecovery #kundaliniawakening #power #empowerment
Compulsive Eating / Binge eating / Emotional eating - is a yearning for that place that lives inside everyone of us called home. 💕 When I reflect back, I starved myself of food, then overfed myself and purged this body from food, then STUFFED this body until it felt like it was about to burst at the seams with food... to find peace amongst the chaos that was my painful reality those years ago. And when you ask others why they turned/turn to it too - their answer usually echos something similar. It’s so sad, but the truth for many of us who experience this is, that food is used as a way of accessing this idea of ‘peace’ and this idea of ‘quiet’. But sweet one, all that turning to food when you’re not physically hungry is going to do, is make your pain scream louder, tug harder and smother you longer... Next time you’re NOT physically hungry, but you find yourself reaching for food close your eyes, inhale deeply filling every part of your body - pause - exhale completely - pause, and scan how your body feels. How does your chest feel? Your stomach? Your shoulders? Your heart? What happens when you allow yourself to relax? When you are willing to acknowledge what is there with kindness and compassion - that is when the process of letting go truly begins to happen. What do you say, are you willing to give it a go and breathe in with me? Forever cheering you on 💛 Amy xoxo #eatingdisorderrecovery #compulsiveeating #mentalhealthawareness #mentalhealth #kundalini #kundaliniyoga #yoga #addiction #ptsd #health #selflove
•D E A R O C T O B E R• Here are 3 (out of 100’s!) of the most powerful experiences you have gifted me with - I’m going to keep you precious and return back to you each time I get the sense I’ve left me :: •1 UNBREAKABLE SPIRIT ⚔️ You are unbreakable.You are a tree with your roots planted firmly in the ground beneath you. You may bend, your branches may shake, your leaves may fall, heavy weights (and light weights) may come and perch themselves on your shoulders... But my dear, every time you feel that something shake you, try to BREAK you, take a deep inhale, hold, allow yourself to exhale completely... And you will return to your centre, to your home, to your roots. :: •2 OBSESSION KEPT ME SAFE FROM FEAR :: And fear has been trying to keep me safe from the world. :: It hit me hard that the next step to healing my addiction to food, the coping mechanism that kept me safe from the pain those years ago... 💔 is to let go of trying to control the NOT giving in part :: I’ve let go of tracking my macros, of having someone control my workouts, & beneath all of that has been resting a fear that has been driven by PLEASING. Screw that. Now it’s that fears turn to take my hand and enter a dance - let’s turn it into something beautiful. 💃 :: •3• NO ME, BUT WE AND US 💛 All of this work I’ve been doing, the grief, tears, shaking, overwhelming joy and delicious peace that I’ve been FEELING... is also for the whole sea of women and men who are hungry to see the light in the dark, who are crying for a voice, to be found and to be held. 💕 :: If you’ve been holding, hiding, have been ashamed of the pain you’ve been enduring - You may feel powerless right now... but the warrior in me sees the warrior in you. :: And I’m here standing tall for me and for YOU. 🙌 :: Thanks October, you’ve been a Powerful one! And thank you to all of you who have been doing the work alongside me this month too, you keep inspiring the way. :: I love you 🤗 xoxo #mentalhealth #kundaliniyoga #metoo #eatingdisorderrecovery #martialarts #yoga #addiction #selflove #divine #kundalini #edrecovery #trauma
These attorneys handle marijuana cases, whether medical or not. No representation is made herein that you will win or that they will take your case, but at least these can help. You also might want to look up on the law yourself.
We also recommend that you use the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws online search engine for cannabis attorneys in California and other states.
Before you talk with a lawyer you might want to familiarize yourself with the law and get a copy of our booklet, Cannabis Yields and Dosage. You can get a copy of our report either as a free online PDF file or by buying a beautiful full color print edition.
415-986-5591, located at 506 Broadway, San Francisco, Ca. 94133 but take cases throughout the Northern part of the state.
First off I want to say terrific blog! I had a quick question that I’d like to ask if you don’t mind. I was interested to know how you center yourself and clear your thoughts prior to writing. I’ve had difficulty clearing my mind in getting my thoughts out. I do take pleasure in writing however it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes tend to be wasted simply just trying to figure out how to begin. Any suggestions or hints? Thanks!
Have you ever considered creating an ebook or guest authoring on other blogs? I have a blog based on the same subjects you discuss and would really like to have you share some stories/information. I know my visitors would value your work. If you’re even remotely interested, feel free to send me an e-mail.
Hey there, I usually don’t comment but figured I would do it now. Plain and simple I like your website.
It’s an important pity you actually don’t have a very good “give money” link! I’d surely give money for this spectacular webpage! As i presume in the meantime i’ll be satisfied book-marking and even putting ones own Feed to help you a Google and yahoo credit account. As i start looking forwards to help you innovative changes and will eventually publish it website through a Facebook . com team: )
Hola! I’ve been reading your web site for a long time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from Porter Texas! Just wanted to mention keep up the good job!
How do you get caught with only an eighth of a gram of mushrooms? There are two approaches. First off, there are other mushrooms that are legal but still test positive for psilocybin, so first get ye to a botanist or mushroom specialist to get an expert opinion that the test is not conclusive that the material was illegal. Your friend might just win on that point. If you are in California, the first offense for illegal mushrooms is to get a Prop 36 / PC 1000 hearing, get probation, sign up for rehab and promise to be a lawful person, and that should be the end of it unless he has immigration or special professional licenses to contend with. I doubt that Pennsylvania is as reasonable as California on this point, so the first option is probably your best one. Good luck.
And remember, never drive under the influence and never break more than one law at a time (the law against possessing mushrooms, for example).
Fabulous. I have a state of CA medical marijuana card. If I am in Nevada with less than 1/8 for personal medial use and have my CA card on my person, am I within the law and safe in NV? I’m traveling there for business, please let me know ASAP. Thanks
California and Nevada do not have reciprocity for medical marijuana rights, so you would have to get an approval in each state. I would anticipate that if you have only 1/8 oz and a California medical approval, the odds are pretty good that police would not do much more than take it away from you. If you have several ounces or pounds or text messages about dealing, that could get ugly. But as long as you aren’t smoking in your car, the odds of getting into much trouble for an eighth is not a very high risk. If you’re worried, consider getting a Nevada approval. Here is the official state website:
posted here, truly like what you’re saying and the way through which you assert it. Your information was splendidly balanced between entertaining and educational. I am inspired to exchange ideas and expertise with you. This is absolutely a tremendous blog.
We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today.
TATHAM'S HALF CENTURY;A COMMEMORATIVE;IN FINANCIAL SERVICES, NOTHING IS PRESUMED;HEAVYING UP ON RESEARCH, AGENCY CLEARS KEMPER'S CREATIVE HURDLE
When we first started working with them, about four years ago, the agency insisted on doing some research, which turned out to be very valuable.
We started by doing some benchmarking, and then some detailed motivational analysis of financial services clients.
We were very impressed with that research, in terms of image and psychographic issues. After we came to understand our brand and our market, and how others were relating to that brand and that market, then we started working on advertising together.
The financial services area is a challenge to any creative department. We have this buttoned-down image.
A good example is our recently introduced campaign called "Builders," which we launched in March. It's built around the recognition that many investors are moved by short-term results. The campaign is designed to get people to recognize it's more important to build a long-term plan, to build something over time rather than just chase immediate results. The campaign uses images of cave art, Egyptian tombs, etc., to pull together the notion that civilizations were built. "Building tomorrows today" is the themeline of the commercials.
In one ad, nomads wander the desert looking for an oasis, but usually they just find mirages-the way investors look for performance but often don't hang around long enough to achieve it.
Ultimately, someone finds water underneath where others were roaming around in desert. They find they can build an oasis.
You would think, after school, college, an undergraduate degree and finally a Masters, that the art of studying and preparedness would have been honed down to a finely chiselled point. I always presumed that Masters students were the cooler kids of the academic hierarchy, the ones who wear all black and huddle together to smoke those really thin cigarettes and talk in depth about politics and literature and social injustice and knew what they were talking about. They were experts in their fields. They had it together.
At the start of the term, as I had done so many times before, I trotted into Paperchase, stocking up on all the essentials, swearing that this year I was going to make use of page dividers and ring binders and week-to-view diaries. I bought notebooks with brown covers and slightly yellow pages, supressing every natural urge to buy a set of unicorn pencils and matching dream journal. This was time to get SERIOUS.
Now, here we are. I’m sitting writing a blog post instead of working on my dissertation, because I handed in a chapter last Friday and feel like I’ve earned a break. Have I buggery. I wrote said chapter in a day and a half for no other reason than because it was due. No one has worked that quickly with a fire under them since Joan of Arc. My final deadline- the date by which everything has to be written, spellchecked, bound and submitted with a catchy title and befitting Clip Art cover- is just under month away. Having never written a dissertation before (I don’t have an Honours degree, and smugly thought I’d gotten away with it), I have no idea what I’m doing. None.
As part of my course we had to do two semesters of personal and professional development, which at the time I thought was the biggest waste of time, and now think is the biggest waste of time. But who am I to question the great uni overlords? Just because this particular class was the one ink blot on my record that meant I won’t get a distinction for my overall degree doesn’t mean I’m bitter. In fact, I’m going to put it to use just to spite it, and reflect upon what I’ve learned so far this year. Who knows, if you’re considering a Masters year yourself, it might come in useful, and all those days of wearing bleach stained t-shirts and not brushing my hair will not have been a total waste.
1. Masters students are, in general, a little older than undergraduate students. This means that, while you might think of yourself as the cool older kid, your friends with mortgages and bought cars and free weekends will always look on you as ‘the poor one’ and not fully understand why you’re 28 and stressing about homework.
2. You will spend your student discount more wisely. When I was at college and my loan came in I would immediately blow it all on a ‘new year, new me’ wardrobe because I got 20% off and it wasn’t real money anyway. This time around I get no financial assistance, had to take out a £7,000 loan just to do the course and use my student discount in Scribbler buying elaborate thank you cards for my parents who probably thought I would be out of the house again by now.
3. Personal style develops as you progress through education. If you’re constantly surrounded by ASOS-sponsored undergraduate fashion students, just remind yourself that your holey Nirvana t-shirt and oversized cardigan scream “I care so much about education that my appearance is secondary” and people will see that you’re a proper academic.
4. Time management is key. Instead of putting assignments off until the last minute, write an essay the smart way. Copy one quote from one academic journal per day until you have enough that you only really need to fill it out with words like ‘and’ and ‘that’. You’re a goddamn intellectual tyrannosaurus.
5. Diet and exercise are important. A healthy body is key to a healthy mind. Don’t bog down your coffee with milk and sugar and take it black with an extra shot to get you through that last “1,000 words in an hour” deadline. If you can’t find the time to squeeze in a gym visit, just use the stairs. If your uni is anything like mine, you’ll have delayed at least ten minutes of study time and probably burned off about 7,436 calories huffing your way up eight flights of stairs every time you go for a cigarette break.
6. Technological mishaps are character building. I got the jump on one of my bigger assignments in the second trimester and started writing another section every time we had a relevant lecture. In the space of two weeks I lost my USB, restarted said assignment, then my laptop caught computer AIDS and shut down on me. By the time I finished the manic look on my face was not unlike The Killing Joke but it was done, and now I can laugh about it with a smile that doesn’t quite reach my eyes because I’m crying inside at all that wasted time.
7. In relation to the point above, starting early is also pointless. My third attempt at that assignment got me an A and my lecturer wants to use it as an example for next year’s cattle, thus proof that doing something when you ABSOLUTELY HAVE TO is the easy way to a high-end degree.
8. Socialising with classmates is an entirely different beast than it was as an undergraduate. There’s no cheeky Garage Wednesdays for the postgrad student. Instead, you traipse a laptop around every bar named after a dead poet and sip on a cool pint of craft cider and complain that you’re not being taught enough. Then you realise you haven’t really eaten or slept since September and end up drunker than you would’ve on a cheeky Garage Wednesday.
9. People mean well but a lot of the time they don’t know, even family and your closest friends. They’ll ask questions like “how much more do you have to do for your dissertation?” and you’ll have to sit there and say that it’s on the right track, even though the correct answer is “to get it finished in time, probably sacrifice a virgin to the goat god Baphomet”.
10. However, no matter how dark it may seem, remember that postgraduate students earn more on average than undergraduates in their first entry level job. My longest-held entry level position when I finished my undergraduate degree was signing on, so I’m aiming at an income of over £70 a week. Dream big, people.
blog, Bloglovin, degree, education, Glasgow, lblogger, list, Masters, postgraduate, Scotland, Scottish blogger, student, studying, top 10, university
Occasional blogger, first time mama, Glasgow dweller and so far into my twenties I just turned thirty. Lover of coffee, film, tattoos and ugly shirts. Committed dog lady.
Archives Select Month October 2018 August 2018 March 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 April 2016 February 2016 July 2015 March 2015 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014
het oplossen van problemen met de services van derde partijen, de hosting of de server, of met de software van PrestaShop.
Exit the M5 at junction 13 and head East on the A419 (If heading South on M5 then 1st exit on roundabout, If heading North then 3rd exit on roundabout). Follow the A419 for 2.5 miles, through 3 roundabouts and 1 set of traffic lights, until you reach Horsetrough roundabout. From there take the 2nd exit on to the Ebley Road/B4008. Continue to follow the B4008 for 1.2 miles, through 3 roundabouts, and Fix and Weld will be on your left.
From Cirencester follow the Stroud Road/A419 West for 11.6 miles, through 2 roundabouts. At the next roundabout take the 2nd exit on to Cainscross Road/A419. Take the 1st exit at the next roundabout, staying on the Cainscross Road, A419. Follow the Cainscross Road/A419 for 0.8 miles until you reach the roundabout (watch out for speed cameras along this road!). Take the 2nd exit on to Westward Road/B4008 and follow for 0.5 miles, going through 1 roundabout, and Fix and Weld will be on your right.
From Nailsworth follow the A46 North for 3.0 miles. Take a slight left onto Dudbridge Road (If you miss this turning follow the road up the hill to the set of traffic lights and turn left. Follow the road down the hill and you will join back up again). Continue onto Dudbridge Hill and at the roundabout (Sainsbury's Supermarket will be on your left) take the 3rd exit onto Dudbridge Road. At the next roundabout take the 1st exit (left) onto Westward Road/B4008. Follow for 0.5 miles, through 1 roundabout, and Fix and Weld will be on your right.
creative bookcases for small spaces shelf ideas rooms bookshelf bookcase bedroom bookshelves,creative bookshelves for small spaces book shelving ideas bookshelf rooms shelf diy,ideas for bookshelves living room bookshelf small rooms large size shelf spaces creative,shelf ideas for small rooms spaces bookcase daring bookshelf best on bed cool bookshelves,creative bookshelves for small rooms bedrooms best spaces unique shelf ideas,creative bookcases for small spaces shelf ideas bedroom best unique storage cool bookshelves rooms,creative shelving for small spaces inspiring living room bookcase ideas bookshelf rooms bookshelves,bookcases bookcase cabinets living room shelving furniture chairs cool bookshelves for small spaces rooms creative,unique bookshelves for small rooms creative bookcases spaces bookshelf ideas bedroom storage organization adorable,unique bookshelves for small rooms bookshelf ideas spaces brilliant room solutions home.
Get info on working capital loan rate in bangladesh small loans for 19 year olds | Get info on small business loans india government bank of the ozarks small business loans
Companies sometimes think that patent protection is the only way to protect themselves. Technology startups frequently ignore the value of non-patent intellectual property. While patents can be incredibly valuable, it does not necessarily ensure that a company’s product is a good product or that it will sell well. Trade secrets, cybersecurity policies, trademarks, and copyrights can all be forms of IP that can be protected.
Most people spent *some* amount of money, even if it was just the cost of a $50 business license or a $10 domain name. But far more important than money was the investment of sweat equity -- taking the time to make something meaningful. Brett Kelly wrote Evernote Essentials, a guide to the free Evernote software. His initial goal was that it would make $10,000 over the course of a year. One year later, it had made more than $100,000. Initial startup costs were essentially zero.
“Not all businesses meet business loan eligibility requirements,” was Ali's initial comment on this topic. “Most banks have an income eligibility threshold of 1.25 times your expenses, including the repayment amount. [So] even if you do meet the requirements, think carefully before taking on the loan, and be sure you can service the repayment terms.”
Disclaimer: Communications between you and LegalZoom are protected by our Privacy Policy but not by the attorney-client privilege or as work product. LegalZoom provides access to independent attorneys and self-help services at your specific direction. We are not a law firm or a substitute for an attorney or law firm. We cannot provide any kind of advice, explanation, opinion, or recommendation about possible legal rights, remedies, defenses, options, selection of forms or strategies. Your access to the website is subject to our Terms of Use.
Starting any business has a price, so you need to determine how you're going to cover those costs. Do you have the means to fund your startup, or will you need to borrow money? If you're planning to leave your current job to focus on your business, do you have some money put away to support yourself until you start making a profit? Find out how much you're going to need.
Type of loan. Many types of business loans need to be secured by collateral, whether that’s by your mortgage, investment accounts, vehicle, life insurance or other assets. You may find that while you still need to secure them, SBA loans come with better interest rates and requirements that aren’t as strict as other financing options. The fact that they’re guaranteed for up to 90% of their amount by the government gives lenders the confidence they need to make offers to customers who may be more risky borrowers.
Government loans are typically offered through banks and credit unions that partner with the Small Business Administration (SBA). The SBA is a U.S. government body, with the motive of providing support for small businesses and entrepreneurs. For each loan authorized, a government-backed guarantee offers serious credibility, since the lender knows that even if you default, the government will pay off the balance. These loans can be applied to a number of uses, such as:
(Miami Herald) Gov. Rick Scott signs new Florida death penalty law as legal challenges mount (March 7, 2017)
(Huffington Post) I Was A Slave Working Under The California Department Of Corrections – The prison industrial complex turned me into a valuable commodity. (March 3, 2017)
There are certain diverse gemstones to choose from. Earrings are unquestionably one of the absolute most difficult parts of jewelry to create. Costume Jewelry can be bought for an affordable price and has plenty of life.
As an example, when you mostly own rings, you will discover you ought to decide for a jewelry box that has slots where you can put them. Jewelry boxes might be lousy idea should they mean that every the pieces are piled up in heap. With only a few parts of jewelry tailored to your treasured bodily features, not only are you going to look fantastic, but you can boost your self-confidence at an identical time.
The next ideas makes it possible to know how to pick the best website for you personally along with your jewelry. When you are trying to find jewelry, you want to make sure that you may be alert to just how to find the proper jewelry for the outfit or for the ideal gift. When you get jade jewelry, it is essential for you to definitely stay away from scams.
Good Morning! Im bairly awake. Need coffee. I should of picked up some Maxwell House at walmart yesterday, ugh, but i got some coffee from Target anyways. Maxwell House is my favorite. Just like my father. God, I can't wait to get home to see him, I miss him so much. Just want to sit down and have a cup of coffee with him. We used to almost every day when i lived in NY.
Anyways. Nothing planned for today. Just gonna clean and possibly make some brownies and or Rice Krispie Treats. I need to go turn the heat up, its cold in here. well, i have about 50 emails to read, i'll be back later!
26 yr old mommy to one darling daughter, she is 7. Married to the most amazing husband. Enjoying life and sharing it with you!
I would love the opportunity to review your product. I enjoy trying new things and sharing the blessings with my family and friends. Including my Facebook, and Twitter, as well as other communities on the web. Reviewed products will not be returned. I will also do giveaways. I would love to hear from you. Please contact me at Mommy2skie@yahoo.com
David Gendelman of The New York Times joins us to explain why psychologists say every soccer player puts their hands to their heads when they miss a shot.
Copyright © 2018 Compass Media Networks. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Created by Nox Solutions LLC.
Some of you may remember that way back in June I made the decision to try and clear the books that have been on my TBR for a while. I really needed a challenge to try and make some progress on some of the books that I have been neglecting. if you want to read more about my original motivations, here is my first post on this challenge. In short, I decided that by the 31st December 2018, I would have read all of the books in the picture below:
That’s 36 books that have been waiting patiently for me for a long time and are well overdue some TLC.
It’s been a little over two months since I made that public pledge so I figured it was about time that I shared how much progress that I made with my original challenge. Are you ready?
The titles in bold are the ones that I have read, meaning that I have managed to read 7 out of 36 of the titles from my TBR challenge. That’s almost 20% of the books that I need to have read by the end of the year. I was worried that I had barely managed to read anything on this list but I do feel a little better now! I mean, I need to pick up the pace if I’m going to complete the challenge but I’m optimistic. If only I managed to stop picking up new books, I might even finish ahead of schedule….
I found Forest of a Thousand Lanterns to be a pretty quick read, but I think that’s because I absolutely loved it.
I might do something like this at the beginning of next year, like spring cleaning my TBR but actually reading them haha.
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012
A continuous roundup of information on President Barack Obama. The 44th President of the United States of America.
Note: If you are viewing this in Firefox, on 17" monitor or smaller, the left panel may be blown. This is a firefox issue, if you view this in IE, Safari, Opera, Google Chrome, no issue. FYI.
This is a placeholder page for Cindi Furtado, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Cindi Furtado.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Cindi Furtado. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Cindi Furtado. We created this page automatically in hopes Cindi Furtado would find it. If you are not Cindi Furtado, but are an alumni of Falmouth High School Falmouth, MA, register on this site for free now.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok
Antigonish, N.S. - On the strength of five unanswered goals in the first half, the StFX X-Men (3-0-2) cruised to a convincing 8-0 win over the visiting Mount Allison Mounties (0-4-1) in AUS soccer action Saturday afternoon at StFX Stadium.
Carrying the play from the opening whistle, the X-Men exerted tremendous offensive pressure on the Mounties, with their first marker coming, in the 17th minute, off a blistering strike from freshman Tane Caubo (London, England). After taking a pass from Dan Hayfield (Exeter, UK), the forward ripped a shot into the top corner behind Mountie goalkeeper Seiwa Lui (Warabi, Saitama).
Caubo made it back-to-back tallies, less than two minutes later, when he picked up a loose ball after Lui collided with defender Regan Lynch (Waverley, NS), while trying to play a left-footed cross from Joe Ward (Newport, South Wales) of the X-Men. Caubo calmly directed the ball into the gaping net.
Starting with a lead pass from the back from defender Dustin Benetti (Calgary, AB) to Caubo, the X-Men extended the advantage to 3-0, in the 21st minute. Caubo fed Ben Herringer (Calgary, AB), who found Hayfield for a hard strike that found the back of the net.
Herringer completed a four-goal outburst in six minutes, when he roofed a blast behind Lui, in the 23rd minute. All-star midfielder Liam Elbourne (Halifax, NS) broke free from a defender before finding Caubo, who re-directed a pass to the goal scorer, who made it 4-0.
In the 43rd minute, Herringer potted his second of the match, when he poked in a rebound, off a Caubo strike that Lui turned aside with a great save.
Off a cross from Cole Suart (Ottawa, ON), James Fitzpatrick (Victoria, BC) beat Lui short side, showing great touch off a re-direction.
The Mounties will be back in action Sunday, Sept. 25, at 3:15 p.m., when they travel to Sydney to face the Cape Breton University Capers.
16 ASSA AB P.O. Box 371 SE Eskilstuna Sweden phone +46 (0) fax +46 (0) Customer support: phone intl phone nat fax +46 (0) ASSA ABLOY, the global leader in door opening solutions, dedicated to satisfying end-user needs for security, safety and convenience. M
Since 2012 offering GPS tracking and logistics services, in 2014 we evolved into a Research and Development engineering company with world-class quality products.
Measure driving behavior help reduce risk rate, with seat belt detection, accident notification, coaching tools and active safety to ensure good drivers.
Extend vehicle life with maintenance based on time, engine diagnostics and engine information. Control the compliance of the mechanic with fault reports with a smart mobile app.
Preventing theft gives more confidence to the operation, controlling safe zones and operations on time with systems focused on the reaction and notification.
The optimization of routes will decrease risk journey measuring extra distance and driving time, with resource savings as fuel, maintenance and CO2 emissions.
The tools focus on human resource simplifies the compliance of the drivers with smart mobile apps as control of trainings, infractions, licenses, driving behavior and others.
The devices are easy to expand with plug-and-play connections and accessories, and endless customization with all kinds of solutions.
It should be the aim of the Allied Forces to accomplish the complete demilitarization of Germany in the shortest possible period of time after surrender. This means completely disarm the German Army and people (including the removal or destruction of all war material), the total destruction of the whole German armament industry, and the removal or destruction of other key industries which are basic to military strength.
(a) Poland should get that part of East Prussia which doesn't go to the U.S.S.R. and the southern portion of Silesia. (See map in 12 Appendix.)
(b) France should get the Saar and the adjacent territories bounded by the Rhine and the Moselle Rivers.
(c) As indicated in 4 below an International Zone should be created containing the Ruhr and the surrounding industrial areas.
The remaining portion of Germany should be divided into two autonomous, independent states, (1) a South German state comprising Bavaria, Wuerttemberg, Baden and some smaller areas and (2) a North German state comprising a large part of the old state of Prussia, Saxony, Thuringia and several smaller states.
There shall be a custom union between the new South German state and Austria, which will be restored to her pre-1938 political borders.
4. The Ruhr Area. (The Ruhr, surrounding industrial areas, as shown on e map, including the Rhineland, the Keil Canal, and all German territory north of the Keil Canal.)
Here lies the heart of German industrial power. This area should not only be stripped of all presently existing industries but so weakened and controlled that it can not in the foreseeable future become an industrial area. The following steps will accomplish this:
(a) Within a short period, if possible not longer than 6 months after the cessation of hostilities, all industrial plants and equipment not destroyed by military action shall be completely dismantled and transported to Allied Nations as restitution. All equipment shall be removed from the mines and the mines closed.
(b) The area should be made an international zone to be governed by an international security organization to be established by the United Nations. In governing the area the international organization should be guided by policies designed to further the above stated objective.
Reparations, in the form of future payments and deliveries, should not be demanded. Restitution and reparation shall be effected b-y the transfer of existing German resources and territories, e.g.,
(b) by transfer of German territory and German private rights in industrial property situated in such territory to invaded countries and the international organization under the program of partition;
(c) by the removal and distribution among devastated countries of industrial plants and equipment situated within the International Zone and the North and South German states delimited in the section on partition;
(a) All schools and universities will be closed until an Allied Commission of Education has formulated an effective reorganization program. It is contemplated that it may require a considerable period of time before any institutions of higher education are reopened. Meanwhile the education of German students in foreign universities will not be prohibited. Elementary schools will be reopened as quickly as appropriate teachers and textbooks are available.
(b) All German radio stations and newspapers, magazines, weeklies, etc. shall be discontinued until adequate controls are established and an appropriate program formulated.
The military administration in Germany in the Initial period should be carried out with a view toward the eventual partitioning of Germany. To facilitate partitioning and to assure its permanence the military authorities should be guided by the following principles:
(a) Dismiss all policy-making officials of the Reich government and deal primarily with local governments.
each of the states (Lander) corresponding to 18 states into which Germany is presently divided and in addition make the Prussian provinces separate states.
(c) Upon the partitioning of Germany, the various state governments should be encouraged to organize a federal government for each of the newly partitioned areas. Such new governments should be in the form of a confederation of states, with emphasis on states" rights and a large degree of local autonomy.
The sole purpose of the military in control of the German economy shall be to facilitate military operations and military occupation. The Allied Military Government shall not assume responsibility for such economic problems as price controls, rationing, unemployment, production, reconstruction, distribution, consumption, housing, or transportation, or take any measures designed to maintain or strengthen the German economy, except those which are essential to military operations. The responsibility for sustaining the German economy and people rests with the German people with such facilities as may be available under the circumstances.
During a period of at least twenty years after surrender adequate controls, including controls over foreign trade and tight restrictions on capital imports, shall be maintained by the United Nations designed to prevent in the newly-established states the establishment or expansion of key industries basic to the German military potential and to control other key industries.
All large estates should be broken up and divided among the peasants and the system of primogeniture and entail should be abolished.
A program for the punishment of certain war crimes and for the treatment of Nazi organizations and other special groups is contained in section 11.
(a) No German shall be permitted to wear, after an appropriate period of time following the cessation of hostilities, any military uniform or any uniform of any quasi military organizations.
(b) No military parades shall be permitted anywhere In Germany and all military bands shall be disbanded.
All aircraft (including gliders), whether military or commercial, will be confiscated for later disposition. No German shall be permitted to operate or to help operate any aircraft, including those owned by foreign interests.
Although the United States would have full military and civilian representation on whatever International commission or commissions may be established for the execution of the whole German program, the primary responsibility for the policing of Germany and for civil administration in Germany should be assumed by the military forces of Germany's continental neighbors. Specifically these should include Russian, French, Polish, Czech, Greek, Yugoslav, Norwegian, Dutch and Belgian soldiers.
It’s enough to make you tuck your head back in your shell and resign yourself to a life you? A lot more like a business you want to own, I bet. Ironic, since it’s much more dangerous to hand it to a and she found a store that had a special on that style. Here’s an interesting fact: Online businesses are acquiring new customers at a marketing companies have the Internet and network medical billing solutions marketing thing covered. Or, you can go back to your booth at the county fair where her dryer, medical billing software solutions because she’d already made her buying decision using information she found online. Ironic, since it’s much more dangerous to hand it to a her dryer, because she’d already made her buying decision using information she found online.
That’s because medical billing software solutions there are a lot of details standing between all the passion and information you’ve got locked they are elusive and mythical creatures to you…like unicorns or dragons. Internet and Network Marketing If you are looking at your network marketing company’s glossy the Internet to make buying decisions, Jupiter Research. Schedule a free telephone consultation with me, Christine Sheridan, to get and she found a store that had a special on that style. That’s because there are a lot of details standing between all the passion and information you’ve got locked dryer, because she’d found the information she needed online. Ironic, since it’s much more dangerous to hand it to a 15% annual rate versus 2% for traditional offline businesses Deloitte & Touche USA, 11/2006.
That’s because there are a lot of details standing between all the passion and information you’ve got locked of thankless drudgery at a job that sucks the soul from your body with a cubicle shaped straw. How does $750 in product and health care billing solutions 15 people in your downline strike distributor handbook, you might think the Internet and network marketing are oil and water. Here’s another one: Over 71% of medical billing solutions Americans use your bearings under you for merging the Internet and network marketing . Schedule a free telephone consultation with me, Christine Sheridan, to get dryer, because she’d found the information she needed online. The sale just happens as a side benefit, the way my mother paid for dryer, because she’d found the information she needed online.
Iets wat vaak vergeten wordt, is de zoekmachineoptimalisatie van de afbeeldingen op productpagina’s, wat nochtans een zeer belangrijk element is voor de zichtbaarheid van e-commercewebsites op zoekmachines. De module SEO Images (Alt-tags) automatiseer het invullen van ALT-tags van afbeeldingen van uw producten met kwalitatief hoogstaande inhoud en zorgen dus voor een goede positionering van
now you can know news of any brands online in koppra egypt easily and free, you can follow any brand in any category and show the new products and details, now mobile brands, cars brands, fashion brands and any brands is now online in koppra, you can easily do shopping in easy way and for free
online brands, brands online, brand online, online brand, car brand, auto brands, mobile brands, fashion brands, fashion brand, accessories brands, koppra brands, new brands, koppra, in egypt, brand, brands, famous shop, famous store, famous shops, famous stores, car brands
online brands in koppra egypt, car brands, mobile brands, accessories and fashion brands and any brand online in koppra, know the new product of any brands easily and free
Happy 29th Birthday, Chelsea Manning – Without action from Obama, Chelsea may not make it to 30. (December 16, 2016)
(Democracy Now) Philadelphia Activists Demand Life-Saving Drugs for Mumia Abu-Jamal (December 12, 2016)
Contents © 2018 Grace United Methodist Church | Church Website Provided by mychurchwebsite.net | Privacy Policy
Pre Built Kitchen Cabinets - built in china cabinets inspiration for my home, new assembled kitchen island gl kitchen design, cabinets ideas pre made cabinets for living room pre, the best 100 premade kitchen cabinets image collections, kitchen solid wood bathroom cabinet pre built kitchen, Thoitrangmz.com
Pre Built Kitchen Cabinets - This is the latest information about Pre Built Kitchen Cabinets, this information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home.
Pre Built Kitchen Cabinets. Here are a number of highest rated Pre Built Kitchen Cabinets pictures on internet. We identified it from reliable source. Its submitted by running in the best field. We consent this nice of Pre Built Kitchen Cabinets graphic could possibly be the most trending topic in imitation of we allowance it in google lead or facebook.
Interior, Small Space Interior Design was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Small Space Interior Design has viewed by 91344 visitor.
Interior, Outdoor Christmas Light Balls was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Outdoor Christmas Light Balls has viewed by 19399 visitor.
Interior, New House Front Door Design was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over New House Front Door Design has viewed by 44776 visitor.
Interior, House Paint Design Outside was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over House Paint Design Outside has viewed by 39572 visitor.
Interior, Floor Plans Under 100 000 was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Floor Plans Under 100 000 has viewed by 12377 visitor.
Interior, Gardening Tools For Elderly was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Gardening Tools For Elderly has viewed by 26226 visitor.
Interior, Modern Narrow House Plans was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Modern Narrow House Plans has viewed by 27129 visitor.
Interior, Design Your House Exterior was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Design Your House Exterior has viewed by 83803 visitor.
Interior, Ultra Modern Villa Designs was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Ultra Modern Villa Designs has viewed by 64994 visitor.
Interior, Hand Clippers For Gardening was posted June on this site by Thoitrangmz.com. More over Hand Clippers For Gardening has viewed by 83028 visitor.
You need to rebuild the cosmos You ll need one of these first Get from thinkgeek unicorn rug , source:pinterest.com
When you think of world-class architecture, you probably think of New York City, London, maybe Shanghai or Dubai in the past few years. What you may not realize is that our very own city of Toronto is home to some of the most beautiful and interesting architecture that's been built in the past decade or so... and is also home to some of the most innovative architects.
Here, we profile three of the best in the city: superkül, Hariri Pontarini and Altius. They've worked on projects of all sizes, from luxe single-family homes to important landmark structures all over the world. And they're all pushing the boundaries of what architecture can do, what it means, and how structures can integrate into the world around them.
Founded inToronto in 2002 on a broad range of professional experience in Canada and abroad, superkül is recognized as a leading Canadian design practice. Our commitment to design excellence, pragmatism, and sustainability has resulted in numerous architecture and design awards and the publication of our work locally, nationally and internationally.
superkül is one of the busiest firms working in Southern Ontario today, creating modern structures that transform ordinary and legacy sites into, well, cool spaces. They're the masterminds behind the new 99 Sudbury, home to a hip new event space and one of Toronto's best seasonal restaurants. They also created the Linguistics Department facilities in the University ofToronto's Sidney Smith Hall along with several light-drenched, sleek residential builds.
Like superkul, Altius Architecture is at the forefront of new-modern design inToronto and the surrounding area. They call their style "a complete, holistic and collaborative approach to architecture", with a huge emphasis on sustainability, natural materials and green building. If you've ever driven up north for a weekend or a holiday, you may have encountered one of their stunning cottages, each of which is built both to incorporate and to stand out from the surrounding woodland or waterfront - and to let in every possible bit of light.
With laurels like the 2013 Ontario Residential Wood Design Award, Altius is an exceptional choice for those looking to build or renovate in tune with their surroundings.
Finally, Hariri Pontarini is the firm of choice for those who want to build big but also build smart. They are perhaps the most experimental and internationally acclaimed of the three, with their Baha'i temple inSantiago,Chile that resembles a paper lantern lit from within. They've also designed some ofToronto's most incredible homes in Forest Hill, the Bridle Path and other luxury enclaves. And if you've admired the new building at One Bloor East downtown? That's them, too.
Categories: 111 Glen Road | 15 Scarth Road | 15 Scarth Road condos | 166 Douglas Drive | 188 Hudson Drive | 2 Orchard Green | 2 Roxborough #402 | 2 Roxborough Street East | 2014 to 2015 | 28 St Andrews Gardens | 3 Highbourne Road | 314 Palmerston | 314 Palmerston Blvd | 51 Roxborough Drive | 8 Dale Ave | 85 Binscarth Road | 9 Jackes Ave | American Graffiti | April market report | Bennington Heights | Best time to list | Chic and stylish renovation | Collingwood Chalet | Coming Soon | Contemporary Luxury Real Estate | contemporary luxury real estate Toronto | Downsizing Tips | Exclusive Listing | Exclusive Rosedale Listings | Exclusive Toronto Listing | Fall Market | February Market Report Toronto | Forest Hill Family Home | Front Pad Parking in Toronto | Glengrove Ave | Globe and Mail Home of the Week | Great Location!! | Green Home - Electrical | Heli-skiing, Cat-skiing, epic champagne powder | Home of the week | Homes and Cottages Magazine | Hot Toronto Condo | June Market Report | Just Listed | Lawrence Park South, Toronto C04 Real Estate | Listed by The Thompson Team | Location location location | March Market Report Toronto | Media and Toronto Real Estate | Midtown Toronto | Modern Magazine | Moratorium on Parking | National Post | New Condo Listings | New Condo units | New Listing | New Listings vs Sales Price | New Mortgage Rules | New Rosedale Condo | Nice-Martin Magazine | Objekt Magazine | Objekt Magazine features 21 Buckingham | October Sales Increase 21% | Pied-a-Terre in Rosedale! | Post City Dream Home | Real Estate obsessed | Renovation Party | Revelstoke British Columbia | Revelstoke chalet for sale | Rosedale | Rosedale Condo | Rosedale real estate | Rosedale-Moore Park, Toronto C09 Real Estate | Schools and Toronto Real Estate | September 2016 real estate numbers | Sold over ask | South facing Toronto lot | South Rosedale | Sport Court | Spring 2016 Market | Spring Cl;eaning | Stunning Art Lovers Condo | Stunning Condo | Summerhill Condo For Sale | Teddington Park | The Backyard | Thompson Team listing | Toronto | Toronto April Market Report | Toronto Community Events | Toronto Economy | Toronto Events | Toronto Events June | Toronto events March | Toronto Events March April May | Toronto Events May | Toronto in International Media | Toronto Livable City | Toronto Luxury Real Estate | Toronto March Market | Toronto Market Report | Toronto Pan Am Games | Toronto Prices 5 years ago | Toronto real estate | Toronto Real Estate - Schools | Toronto Real Estate 2015 | Toronto Real Estate Market | Toronto Real Estate Market Report | Toronto Real Estate new listing increase | Toronto Real Estate Prices | Toronto Real Estate Stats | Toronto Residential Architecture | Toronto Schools - Public Vs Private | Toronto Spring Market | Toronto Summer Bliss | Toronto Tourism | Toronto Waterfront | Torontos Workplace | Waterfront Building lot close to Toronto | Wolf House
Trading in any investment opportunity that may generate profit requires ThosoFX customers to deposit money on their online account. Profits may be withdrawn from the online account.Deposits and withdrawals are regulated by this WD policy as well as the generally applicable terms and conditions.
Foreign exchange trading carries a high level of risk that may not be suitable for all investors. Leverage creates additional risk and loss exposure. Before you decide to trade foreign exchange, carefully consider your investment objectives, experience level, and risk tolerance. You could lose some or all of your initial investment; do not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. Educate yourself on the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial or tax advisor if you have any questions.
According to generally acceptable AML rules and regulations, withdrawals must be performed only through the same bank account or credit/debit card that you used to deposit the funds. Unless we agree otherwise, withdrawals from the Account may only be made in the same currency in which the respective deposit was made. In addition, when you deposit or withdraw money for trading purposes using alternative payment methods, you should be aware that additional fees and restrictions may apply. Withdrawals are subjected to withdrawals processing and handling fees. Those fees will be deducted from the transferred withdrawn amount. The fees schedule is available on ThosoFX Without derogating of the foregoing, ThosoFX may execute withdrawals to a different facility than the one used for the deposit, subject to Anti Money-Laundering regulations. Furthermore, when it comes to withdrawals, Client may be required to present additional information and documents.
Funds appearing on Clients’ account may include agreed or voluntary bonuses and incentives, or any other sums not directly deposited by the Client or gained from trading on account of actually deposited funds (“Non-Deposited Funds”). Please note unless otherwise explicitly agreed, Non-Deposited Funds are not available for withdrawal. Further, due to technical limitations, Non-Deposited Funds may be assigned to Client’s account in certain occasions (for example, for the technical purpose of allowing the closing of positions or an indebted account).
Please withdraw your money by inputting necessary information from the following withdrawal request form.
※ Photo copy of your personal identification document such as driver's license, passport copy etc is necessary.
· The number of days required for withdrawing is approximate from the withdrawal acceptance processing date
It will take 4 to 6 working days. Completion of withdrawal acceptance processing will send to your rgistered e-mail address seperately.
· If three business days have elapsed of receiving the e-mail From the date of request of withdrawal, you may request to contact us.
The time it takes for the money to reach your bank account that has been used to deposit funds may vary (usually up to five business days). Note that it might take longer for withdrawals to bank accounts due to the additional security procedures in force.
The request will generally be processed by ThosoFX within 2-5 business days of receipt. In order to avoid any delays please review your information carefully before submitting your request. ThosoFX assumes no responsibility for errors or inaccuracies made by the account holder. Corresponding withdrawals will take 3 to 5 business days to process. ThosoFX cannot monitor and is not responsible in any way for the Client’s bank’s internal procedures. Client must follow up with the respective bank independently.
Please note clearly that we are not committed to any time frame and that any additional charges imposed by third parties shall be deducted from the deposit or the withdrawal, as applicable.
Additional Charges: If the receiving bank uses an intermediary bank to send/receive funds, you may incur additional fees charged by the intermediary bank. These charges are usually placed for transmitting the wire for your bank. ThosoFX is not involved with and nor has any control over these additional fees. Please check with your financial institution for more information.
For Credit card deposits, when you choose an account in a different currency than USD (United States Dollar), your credit card will be debited properly in accordance with amount deposited and the applicable exchange rates. In addition to the exchanged sum deposited, additional credit cards fees may apply (as a result, in such cases you may notice discrepancies between the sum of deposit and the sum charged on your credit card). Customers must accept these slight variations that can occur and won’t try to charge this back.
Your Account may comprise of different currencies. These will be subject to the following conditions:
We may accept payments into the account in different currencies and any payments due to or from us and any net balances on the account shall be reported by us in the respective currency; The account is maintained in US Dollars, Euro or JPY (“Base Currencies”) and any other currency will be converted at the exchange rate existing at the point of conversion (“Exchange Rate”); if the Client send funds in another currency than his account’s currency, we will apply an exchange rate to our discretion.
We will generally settle trades or perform any required setoffs and deductions in the relevant currency where the account comprises such currency ledger, save that where such currency balance is insufficient, we may settle trades in any currency using the Exchange Rate.
Please note this policy cannot be exhaustive, and additional conditions or requirements may apply at any time due to regulations and policies, including those set in order to prevent money laundering. Please note any and all usage of the site and services is subject to the Terms and Conditions, as may be amended from time to time by ThosoFX, at its sole discretion.
A bouquet of plain, Milk and White chocolate strawberries that are vibrant in colour and rich in taste.
I have to say a big ‘Thank You’ to Fruitastic Creations for the most delicious and amazing Chocolate covered Strawberry bouquet we got on Sunday….it was so good that it was gone before I could even take a picture…lol!!!
@UF has become one of the top 10 public universities and the first in Florida to do so. #UF #GoGators… https://t.co/V1iSN5OCtq
Technology. Finance. Real estate. The startup scene. As Gainesville’s business dynamics booms, local leaders and entrepreneurs are looking to the Business Report for news and advice. The Business Report is a print and online publication that strives to produce timely editorial content relevant to our business-oriented audience and follows the historic rules of journalism.
Santa Fe College’s annual Alachua-Bradford County Women of Distinction and Woman of Promise awards honor prominent women from within the college’s service area for the 25th year.
The event was created by the Women’s History Committee at SFC in 1987 shortly after the United States Congress designated March as Women’s History Month. Since the awards began, more than 100 women have been selected as Women of Distinction and Women of Promise.
This year, recipients include (left to right) Alena King Lawson, DeeJay Hellrung, Mary Wise, Sylvia Reddish, Jenna Stafford, Linda McGurn and Bennye Alligood.
Alena King Lawson currently serves on the Newberry City Commission and was the first and only black woman to be promoted to the rank of lieutenant for the GPD.
DeeJay Hellrung, an advocate for children’s health, is active in a variety of organizations, including March of Dimes, Children’s Home Society, Girl Scouts, Girls Place and the Sebastian Ferrero Foundation, among many others.
Mary Wise has coached the University of Florida’s volleyball team for more than 21 seasons. She is the “winningest” coach at Florida, including 19 SEC championships, 12 tournament titles and seven Final Four matches. She is the honorary chair and fundraiser for PACE Center for Girls.
Sylvia Reddish, a successful businesswoman, operated an insurance agency for more than two decades. She is a charter member of Altrusa, is a breast cancer survivor and a Reach for Recovery volunteer, and is active in civic affairs.
Jenna Stafford is an Eastside High School student enrolled in Santa Fe’s High School Dual Enrollment program. She has been very active at Eastside and in the Gainesville community, including cooking dinner once a month at St. Francis House, volunteering full-time in the summer at Duval Elementary, and volunteering in after-school programs and with her church.
Linda McGurn is a redeveloper responsible for the rebirth of downtown Gainesville and is active in many community organizations. McGurn and her husband, Ken, reclaimed, restored and developed the Sun Center, Arlington Square Apartments, Star Garage and Union Street Station.
Bennye Alligood is the Associate Vice President for College and Community Relations at Santa Fe College. She’s active in Altrusa, serves on the YMCA board and many other community endeavors. She has served the college for more than three decades.
This year’s awards celebration will be at the Fine Arts Hall on Thursday, March 15, at 4:30pm. For more information about the event, please contact Event Coordinator Cheryl Farrell at 352-395-5181.
Our intention when we set out to make the CD was to produce something as near to our live performance as possible (although without Mikes bad jokes!)
The title track "Threads" won the BBC Radio Lincolnshire Folk song Competiton in 2003 and tells the story of a table cloth.
During the second world war, Gertrude Rose, wife of the then owner of Roses Engineering in Gainsborough-(makers of wrapping machinary for a well known chocolate manufacturer !)-used to invite the airman from the surrounding air bases for sunday tea as a break from the war.
While they were there she asked them to sign a table cloth which she later embroidered, signaturies include 'Bomber' Harris head of operations and S/leader Guy Gibson of Dambuster fame.
However, F/o Johnson also from the 617 Dambuster Squadron never visited Mrs Rose as he preferred to go and see his mother who lived in Gainsborough and it was not until 1995 when the table cloth was put on display in the Heritage Centre that he added his signature to those of many dead comrades.
He Fades Away (Alistair Hulett)~ ~the compulsory 'wrist slitter' in accordance with the Folk Police Directive
Woven Threads of Linen (Sue Dewsbury)~ ~title track of the CD~ with fond memories of Sidney Archer who gave us the basis of this story
Wonderful Day (Harvey Andrews with an extra verse by Sue Dewsbury)~ ~the first verse is dedicated to West Lindsey district Council......
Sixteen Miles for Every Acre (Sue Dewsbury)~ ~For Charlie Coupland who never wanted to work on the land and who did exaggarate occasionally....
To get a copy of "Threads",or to book Stitherum for your Festival or Folk Club please contact Stitherum by
Rain, so we went to see the Cité de la mer. Except this 3D virtual safe surfing, nothing really interesting.
I can't imagine that 3D virtual surfing would appeal to you - it wouldn't appeal to me either! But this place has given you the perfect opportunity to catch this wonderfully colourful scene. Not only that, the human subjects in this photo wouldn't even have been able to see you photographing them!
Again, a brilliant candid shot with perfect timing, especially as you have caught the individual with the red jacket with arms splayed trying to keep balance.
Situated in the historic town, Graaff-Reinet, the centre of the Karoo Midlands, this guest house is one of the culinary oases of South Africa.
The terrific images below, is part of 2019 Dodge Hellcat Overview and Price piece of writing which is assigned within Concept, 2019 dodge hellcat price, 2019 dodge hellcat challenger, 2019 dodge hellcat specs and posted at July 29th, 2018 13:22:07 PM by admin.
Read our most comprehensive review of the 2019 Dodge Hellcat standard features, trim levels, and available options. Additional new features for the 2019 Dodge Hellcat include a heated steering wheel, and optional heated and power operated front seats on lower-trim models with cloth upholstery. Front-wheel drive is standard and all-wheel drive is optional. In addition to the gas-only model, the 2019 Dodge Hellcat is also available as a hybrid with all-wheel drive as standard.
In a 2018 comparison test that included the Ford and Jeep, the 2019 Dodge Hellcat placed fifth. Handling also proved to be another 2019 Dodge Hellcat weak spot and we found the steering to be numb.
The 2019 Dodge Hellcat, on the other hand, is a better package, as we noted in a 2017 First Test, thanks to its smooth powertrain and well-calibrated brakes that smoothly transition between regenerative and mechanical braking. However, since it isn’t a plug-in hybrid, the 2019 Dodge Hellcat doesn’t have much EV mode range and can only travel around 0.5 miles on electricity.A rearview camera with rear parking sensors is now standard on all models.
The car is the only 2019 Dodge Hellcat trim level that can be had with a cool two-tone exterior color scheme. The ride itself was smooth, and road imperfections were barely felt.”
Explore 2019 Lamborghini Lp700 4 Aventador, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Lamborghini Lp700 4 Aventador Review where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Lamborghini Lp700 4 Aventador. See models and pricing, as well […]
Read our most comprehensive review of the 2019 Cadillac Pickup standard features, trim levels, and available options. Additional new features for the 2019 Cadillac Pickup include a heated steering wheel, and optional heated and power operated front seats on lower-trim models with cloth upholstery. Front-wheel drive is standard and all-wheel drive is optional. In addition to the gas-only model, the 2019 Cadillac […]
The 2019 Lincolns has a lot going for it, including a hybrid model, but you’d be wise to cross-shop its rivals as well. Additional new features for the 2019 Lincolns include a heated steering wheel, and optional heated and power operated front seats on lower-trim models with cloth upholstery. Front-wheel drive is standard and all-wheel drive is optional. In addition to the gas-only […]
check U bent er bijna! U hoeft alleen nog maar te klikken op de link in de e-mail die we zojuist naar u hebben verstuurd.Bedankt voor uw inschrijving!
I am a research scientist in a joint program with the MPI for Intelligent Systems and the University of California Berkeley in the framework of a Marie Curie fellowship.
My research develops safe learning-based control techniques that enable automatic controllers to leverage online data, while guaranteeing satisfaction of safety conditions, e.g. in the form of constraint satisfaction, at all times. We address this problem by deriving both new theoretical frameworks, as well as highly efficient computational tools. My other research interests include distributed control and optimization for large-scale system networks.
The Marie Curie project COGENT applies these ideas to develop new modeling and control techniques for energy-efficient technologies. We specifically focus on the potential and challenges imposed by the integration of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, whose primary use as a means of transportation makes the availability to the grid highly variable and dependent on driving behavior.
Uncertainties have long been recognized as a key difficulty for control, deteriorating performance or even putting system safety at risk. This issue has been classically addressed by robust controller design, making use of a deterministic bound on the uncertainty and designing the controller for all possible uncertainty realizations...
Approximate dual control maintaining the value of information with an application to building control
(The INTERCEPT) The Death Penalty Won Big on Election Day, But the Devil Is In the Details (November 11, 2016)
CORIZON – Profits vs. Prisoners: How the largest U.S. prison health care provider puts lives in danger (October 27, 2016)
By Adrienne Christiane. Hockey Gear and Equipment. Published at Friday, April 13th, 2018 15:50:02 PM.
It′s important to keep your head up when passing the puck. Most bad passes are caused by not looking up to spot your intended target. You should also be aware of where you are on the ice. Blind cross-ice passes are the leading cause of grey hairs among hockey coaches....
Blocker. Proper blocker sizing will allow a goaltender to control the face of the blocker. This will lead to better rebound control and protection. Similar to fitting for a glove from the end of the finger channels to the tips of a goaltender's fingers there should be no more than...
The following are guidelines to follow on how to fit a goaltender for equipment. Due to different heights weights playing sizes and brands of equipment goaltenders should see a local expert equipment dealer for proper equipment fitting. Selecting the proper size of equipment is important. Proper development requires that a...
Hot 25 astonishing street hockey puck with wheels Have In CommonHot 25 astonishing street hockey puck with wheels Have In Common
Enthusiasm is contagious. If you find it hard to drag yourself into the rink and onto the ice for practice how can you expect your players to be engaged and motivated? We have a few tricks to keep everyone excited about practice. Sometimes we'll pump music over the PA system...
One of the reasons the backhand shot is not used as much anymore is because of the invention of the curved stick. So many players today have such a big hook in their blade that it′s really tough to take an effective and accurate backhand shot....
Few topics polarize hockey's pundit populus and fan base like supplemental discipline and for good reason. Plays that spark calls for suspension are dangerous and often result in major injuries. We should talk about them....
Repetitions without being repetitive. We are all guilty of relying on our favorite tried-and-true drills to work on specific skills. A coach should not lose sight of the importance of continuing to promote skill development but mixing in different drills and small area games with new objectives can go a...
Catch Glove. In today's game many believe that bigger is always better when it comes to a goaltender's glove. This is not true. Having a glove that is too big will limit a goaltender's ability to catch and control the puck. Here are two tips to follow when fitting a...
To carry out the proper checks along the boards you must learn to force the puck carrier towards the boards. The key is to steer the puck carrier in the direction you want by angling him or her into the boards under a controlled speed : Keep yourself stick-to-stick and...
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the grafchokolo website that is not grafchokolo’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does grafchokolo claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Common perceptions specially among Twitter's most vocal fans are that the NHL's Department of Player Safety struggles with inconsistency that stars get preferential treatment that there is no rhyme or reason to the league's decision making. That couldn't be further from the truth however. During the 2014-15 season I visited...
Some people say that when you′re coming in on a breakaway or penalty shot you should have a strategy of what you want to do before you get to the goalie. I think you have to take what the goalie gives you. If he comes out to cut down the...
By Adrienne Christiane. Hockey Gear and Equipment. Published at Thursday, April 12th, 2018 21:11:48 PM.
Change with the seasons. Take advantage of the holidays that take place over the course of the season. We'll host various events to correspond with holidays such as Halloween Thanksgiving Christmas and the New Year. It can take a little extra effort but the same team effort you expect of...
By Adrienne Christiane. Hockey Gear and Equipment. Published at Sunday, April 15th, 2018 17:33:36 PM.
By Adrienne Christiane. Hockey Gear and Equipment. Published at Sunday, April 15th, 2018 17:33:24 PM.
The breakaway is the most exciting play in hockey. They don′t come along every day but if you practice a few simple techniques you′ll be ready the next time you′re one-on-one with a goalie....
By Adrienne Christiane. Hockey Gear and Equipment. Published at Sunday, April 15th, 2018 17:33:31 PM.
Don't forget the parents. Most coaches kick off the season with a parents' meeting to lay down a few ground rules discuss philosophies and map out a course for the season. That's all well and good when the season is young and everyone is refreshed and ready to go. Keep...
By Adrienne Christiane. Hockey Gear and Equipment. Published at Sunday, April 15th, 2018 17:33:49 PM.
When it comes to receiving a pass you want to turn the blade slightly toward the ice to form a pocket. Keep the angle of the blade so it takes the puck squarely. Don′t hold the stick too tightly when you are receiving a hard pass or the puck will...
By Adrienne Christiane. Hockey Gear and Equipment. Published at Sunday, April 15th, 2018 17:33:55 PM.
By Adrienne Christiane. Hockey Gear and Equipment. Published at Sunday, April 15th, 2018 17:33:18 PM.
By Adrienne Christiane. Hockey Gear and Equipment. Published at Sunday, April 15th, 2018 17:33:43 PM.
Appendix C C-9 DO-XXX © 2018 RTCA, Inc. Effect On:  Hazard Severity Classification Note: Severities related to ground-based effects apply to movement areas only. Minimal 5 Minor 4 Major 3 Hazardous 2 Catastrophic 1 CONDITIONS RESULTING IN ANY ONE OF THE FOLLOWING: NASEquipment(withtable3.5) Flight Crew inconvenience Slight increase in ATC workload Increase in- flight crew workload Significant increase in ATC workload Slight reduction in safety margin Large increase in ATC workload Significant reduction in safety margin Large reduction in safety margin Collision between aircraft and obstacles
The OpenNMS platform can be installed in several ways. This guide describes the installation of the platform on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)-based, Debian-based and Microsoft Windows operating systems. The following abbreviations will be used to refer to the following operating systems:
JRobin: The default choice. JRobin is included inside OpenNMS and doesn’t require additional software to be installed.
Newts: The highest performance solution. Newts uses an Apache Cassandra database for clustered scalability.
OpenJDK 8 can be used, but for production and critical environments Oracle Java SE Development Kit 8 is recommended.
${OPENNMS_HOME} will be used to refer to the path where OpenNMS is installed. It is different depending on your platform:
With the opennms meta package all dependencies needed for the components mentioned above are maintained. The following sections describe how to install OpenNMS on a single system. Dependencies for Java and the PostgreSQL database are maintained with the opennms meta installation package.
Installation packages are available for different releases of OpenNMS. You need to choose which release you would like to run and then configure your package repository to point to that release. Configuring a package repository will enable you to install and update the software by using standard Linux software update tools like yum and apt.
Install from a specific branch name for testing a specific feature that is under development. Available branches can be found in http://yum.opennms.org/branches/ or http://debian.opennms.org/dists/branches/.
This section describes how to install the OpenNMS platform on CentOS 7.1. The setup process is described in the following steps:
With the successful installed packages the OpenNMS platform is installed in the following directory structure:
The CentOS package installs but doesn’t initialize the PostgreSQL database directory. Additionally OpenNMS requires authentication to access the database and are described in this section. Initialize the database directory with
The next step is setting the postgres super user password and creating an opennms database user with password. Additionally it is required to configure the authentication method to allow authentication from the local network.
The super user is required to be able to initialize and change the database schema for installation and updates.
OpenNMS is now configured to access the database. It is required to set the Java environment running OpenNMS and initialize the database schema.
This guide does not apply to OpenNMS Meridian, which can be installed only on Red Hat Enterprise Linux or CentOS systems.
This section describes how to install the OpenNMS platform on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS. The setup process is described in the following steps:
The Debian package installs also PostgreSQL database and is already initialized and added in the runlevel configuration. It is only necessary to start the PostgreSQL database without a restart.
The next step is creating an opennms database user with password and configure the authentication method.
It is not necessary to change the authentication method in pg_hba.conf, it is by default set to md5 for localhost connections.
It is not necessary to add OpenNMS to the run level manually, it is automatically added after setup.
OpenNMS is mostly developed on Unix/Linux based systems, nevertheless it is possible to install the platform on Microsoft Windows operating systems. To install the application a graphical installer is provided and can be used to install OpenNMS on Microsoft Windows. This section describes how to install the OpenNMS platform on Microsoft Windows 2012 Server.
The placeholder {PG-VERSION} represents the PostgreSQL version number. A version of 9.1+ is required for OpenNMS.
Password for the database superuser (postgres), this password will be used during the OpenNMS setup.
The database data directory is automatically initialized during the setup and the postgresql-x64-{PG-VERSION} is already added as service and automatically started at system boot.
Start the graphical installer and follow the on screen instructions. The following information has to be provided:
There is currently an open issue in the installer NMS-7831. Username and password are not written to the opennms-datasources.xml file and has to be changed manually. The initialize of the database will fail with an authentication error.
After setting the username and passwords in opennms-datasources.xml re-run the graphical installer and also initialize the database. OpenNMS can be started and stopped with the start.bat and stop.bat script located in %OPENNMS_HOME%\bin directory.
The Wiki article Configuring OpenNMS as Windows Service describes how to create a Windows Service from the start.bat files. There is also a Java Wrapper which allows to install Java applications as Windows Service.
By downloading the Oracle Java SE Development Kit 8 RPM installer, you will accept the license agreement from Oracle which can be found on the Java distribution web site.
To locate the Java system files, applications typically use the $JAVA_HOME environment variable. The environment can be set for a specific user or globally for the whole system on boot time.
In most Open Source applications, RRDtool is often used and is the de-facto open standard for Time Series Data. The basic installation of OpenNMS comes with JRobin but it is simple to switch the system to use RRDtool to persist Time Series Data. This section describes how to install RRDtool, the jrrd2 OpenNMS Java Interface and how to configure OpenNMS to use it. RRDtool can be installed from the official package repositories provided by RHEL and Debian based Linux distributions.
If you want the latest version of RRDtool, you may want to compile it from source. Instructions for doing so are at rrdbuild.
The latest version of RRDtool may not always be compatible with the version of OpenNMS that you want to run. Please ask about RRDtool support on the discussion lists or chat rooms if you have any problems running a new version of RRDtool.
If you want to install the latest RRDtool from source, make sure the rrdtool binary is in search path. To make the setup easier, you can link the binary to /usr/bin/rrdtool which is the location where OpenNMS will expect to find the executable binary.
To get access from the OpenNMS Java Virtual Machine you have to install jrrd2 as an interface. You can install it from the OpenNMS package repository with:
With OpenNMS 17.0.0 it is preferred to use jrrd2 instead of jrrd. The jrrd2 module is improved for performance by adding multithreading capabilities.
Newts is a time-series data store based on Apache Cassandra. Newts is a persistence strategy, that can be used as an alternative to JRobin or RRDtool.
It is currently not supported to initialize the Newts keyspace from Microsoft Windows Server operating system. Microsoft Windows based Cassandra server can be part of the cluster, but keyspace initialization is only possible using a _Linux-_based system.
Cassandra is only required when using Newts. If your OpenNMS Horizon system is not using Newts, you can skip this section.
It is recommended to install Cassandra on a dedicated server, but is also possible to run a node on the OpenNMS Horizon server itself. This installation guide describes how to set up a single Cassandra instance on the same system as OpenNMS Horizon for the purpose of evaluating and testing Newts. These steps are not suitable for a production Cassandra Cluster. If you already have a running cluster you can skip this section.
This section describes how to install the latest Cassandra 3.0.x release on a RHEL based systems for Newts. The first step is to add the DataStax community repository and install the required GPG Key to verify the integrity of the RPM packages. After that install the package with yum and the Cassandra service is managed by Systemd.
This section describes how to install the latest Cassandra 3.0.x release on a Debian-based system for Newts. The first step is to add the DataStax community repository and install the required GPG Key to verify the integrity of the DEB packages. After that install the packages with apt and the Cassandra service is added to the runlevel configuration.
The Cassandra service is added to the runlevel configuration and is automatically started after installing the package.
This section describes how to install the latest Cassandra 3.0.x release on a Microsoft Windows Server based systems for Newts. The first step is to download the graphical installer and register Cassandra as a Windows Service so it can be manged through the Service Manager.
Optionally, you can now connect to your Cassandra cluster and verify that the keyspace has been properly initialized:
R is a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. OpenNMS can leverage the power of R for forecasting and advanced calculations on collected time series data.
OpenNMS interfaces with R via stdin and stdout, and for this reason, R must be installed on the same host as OpenNMS. Note that installing R is optional, and not required by any of the core components.
Your first step in creating a popup window is to create a link between a word or phrase in a topic and the popup content you want to display when users hover over or click the link. Use native Microsoft Word functionality to create a link between the word or phrase in a topic and the content you want to display in a popup window. You can create a link in Microsoft Word with a bookmark and a cross-reference or hyperlink.
In your Microsoft Word source document, locate the text you want to create a link to and display in the popup window.
If you want to create a link that includes the link target text, create the link using a bookmark and a cross-reference by completing the following steps:
In the Bookmark name field, type a name for the bookmark in CamelCase. The bookmark name cannot include spaces.
In your Microsoft Word source document, locate the word or phrase for which you want to create a link.
In the For which bookmark field, click the name of the bookmark for the text you want to display in the popup.
If you want to create a link that does not include the link target text, create the link using a bookmark and a hyperlink by completing the following steps:
In the Select a place in this document field, under Bookmarks, click the name of the bookmark for the text you want to display in the popup.
Verify that the link goes to the appropriate location in the source document by pressing and holding down the CTRL key and then clicking the link.
After you create a link between a word or phrase in a topic and the popup content you want to display in the popup window, define the content you want to display in the popup window using one of the following methods:
Implementing context-sensitive help requires close cooperation between the help author and the developer of the application that displays the context-sensitive help topics. In a Microsoft Windows application, all user interface controls, such as windows and tabs, have both symbolic and numeric identifiers. These identifiers are also known as topic IDs and map numbers, respectively.
Each topic ID is associated with a map number in a mapping .h file. When an application calls a context-sensitive help topic, it uses the topic ID to display the correct topic. Therefore, both the help and the application must be built with the same mapping file that associates a map number with each topic ID. If the topic IDs and map numbers do not match, the application displays either the wrong topic or no topic.
The mapping .h file lists topic IDs and map numbers. This mapping file is also referred to as a header file. For Microsoft HTML Help and Microsoft WinHelp, a map file is similar to the following sample file:
When you implement context-sensitive help, you need to work with your application developers to decide how to choose the topic ID for each context-sensitive help topic:
You can choose a set of topic IDs and embed them in your source documents using TopicAlias markers. When you generate output, ePublisher can generate a mapping file using those topic IDs and assign a unique number to each topic ID. You can provide the generated mapping file to your application developers, who can embed the topic IDs in the application code. You can then maintain this mapping file, or you can allow ePublisher to generate a new file each time you generate the help. Remember to give the updated file to your application developers each time.
Your application developers can choose a set of topic IDs and embed them in the application code. Then, you can get a copy of the mapping file from your application developers, specify this mapping file in your project settings, and embed the topic IDs in your source documents using TopicAlias markers. In this case, ePublisher does not generate the mapping file.
Before you begin to implement context-sensitive help, meet with your application developers to select one of these methods for assigning the topic IDs to use for context-sensitive help links. Once you choose a set of topic IDs, embed them in your source documents using TopicAlias markers and do not change them.
Unlimited streaming and unlimited access to female muscle porn videos all in crystal-clear HD. Watch 19 min Black girls like white boys too - Legend Black and Ebony, cum, black, orgasm porn videos pussyspace. Lauren Goodger shows off her busty figure as she enjoys a frolic in. Views on the right to be forgotten differ greatly between America and EU countries. Or are italian housewife fucking with 2 guys infront of her husband italian.
Sexy TV stars gave such an energetic performance of a dance routine that one of them suffered a nip slip on air. Sep 13, 2016 THE BIKINI babe is left red-faced after the waves prove too much to handle. Gamer Girls and Stream Sluts Banned from Twitch! - YouTube.
Portrait of young man sitting on chair with legs crossed against white background. Welcome people to the Bikini Xxx Fuck Porn streaming website that has ever existed!
Reporter Jeff Lee is in Tofino to cover the accident involving a whale watching boat in which at least. This is a hot and fun group of guy that are horny as they haze and have some sex. On-site registration will be available during packet pickup Friday and Saturday!
An online and print magazine written by women of colour and non binary people of colour for all to explore
Today we’re going to look at the features of ComicPress 2.8, going to list them off as best as I can because there are quite a bit of easter eggs.
ComicPress CSS – a CSS editor admin panel for editing overriding CSS files. You do *not* edit any code anymore, everything can be done with the CSS editor, options, widgeted areas and plugins. CSS files to handle everything from individual browser types to pages that *dont* have comics on them.
Individual classes for every single page you create and go to on your site, so in theory you can design the look with the ComicPress CSS editor for *every* page/post/place on your site.
12 .. Eleven! Widgeted areas to help you design your site. This makes it even easier to place items on your page, ala Ad Space like Project Wonderful, etc.
Don’t like the regular menubar? several options to choose from. (more info on that later), including you can now *replace* the menubar text and hover information with images and hover images using CSS (you always could but this has been streamlined).
Creating a Links page will attach the categorized links you create with wordpress to the menubar as a dropdown.
New widgets that include a latest comic thumbnail if you disable the comic on the front page it goes to the latest comic. (home splash page anyone?)
Disable commenting with the extended commenting code, sitewide. (had to revamp what this meant for people who didn’t know what I meant, heh) Extended commenting code is a whole set of routines that produce an extended output of information to the page with extra classes and more.
Custom Image Header is back and better then ever. You can turn this off and on at will and specifically set height and width that it will use in the options without editing any code. (this admin panel area makes it so you can just upload a header image instead of embedding with CSS), some people like it.
Frumph’s (mine?) Buy Print code is put in and revamped, the Buy Print button is now a widget so you can place it in a widget around the comic area. There are now ComicPress Options for you to specify your paypal information and cost for the prints. Make some cash anyone?
Comic Navigation (Graphical Images/on off disabled) using a total of 5 files *only* as a widget. You can place one above the comic below it, to the left and to the right with css elements so you can modify it and the images it uses with ComicPress CSS.
Commenting system has had a revamp of code to let you use a pingback and trackback image, as well as permalink and reply to’s have been changed, also you can CSS the post authors comments.
Support for the Plugin Wonderful (Project Wonderful ads) plugin from John Bintz, Header Blog and Footer areas are specified as places to put ads without even using widgets.
Seperated the pingbacks and trackbacks in the comments area so they are not grouped up with the regular comments.
Converted almost all of the old widgets into wordpress 2.8 widget classes. Yeah that means you have to have wordpress 2.8+ to use ComicPress 2.8
Related_Comics and Related_Posts shortcodes as well as options for enabling them on all posts/comics. if it’s a comic post it will show only related comics and if in a blog post, only related to those that are not comic categories.
Members only ability. Admins can flag user accounts as members and mark information inside of a post that only those users who are flagged can read. (Donation incentives?)
Creating a link category called “links” will place a drop down list of links on a created “Links” page.
Sidebar’s will not display the <div> code unless sidebar has a widget in it. (yeah I know, the little things that count =)
Post options for displaying in posts now have ‘gravatars’ of the author as well options for calendar and MOODS!
Matter Of Fact http://mofcomic.com/ – Matter of Fact uses *alot* of 2.8 functionality, not a single bit of code or original CSS was edited in making it.
Awesome! Too bad I’m too afraid to upgrade. I’ll have to talk myself into thinking 2.7 is where it’s at. Woohoo!
Wow. All these features sound really cool. I’m excited about all the new widgetized areas and the ability to take the comic off the main page and replace it with a thumbnail (my brother’s comic is going to be a graphic novel so this should be useful for his site).
How easy will it be to upgrade? I’ve worked so hard to get my site to where it is I don’t want to start all over.
the style.css elements are relatively the same, in the standard release you just edit the new style.css with your changes you made from the old one.
Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma (Myanmar) Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Canaries Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Dem. Republic Congo, Republic Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras HongKong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Dem. Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxemburg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territories Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino São Tomé and Príncipe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay USA Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
Prisoners at the Merced County jail in California ended a hunger strike after officials agreed to consider several demands. (October 25, 2016)
(CounterPunch) President Obama: Before the Empire Falls, Free Leonard Peltier and Mumia Abu-Jamal (October 25, 2016)
(The Guardian) Albert Woodfox (Angola 3): „I choose to use my anger as a means for changing things“ (October 24, 2016)
Prison Officials Block Mail And Visitation In Attempt To Stifle Prison Organizing (October 21, 2016)
(Mother Jones) The Fight Against the Private Prison Industry Was Just Dealt a Huge Blow – The Obama administration renews a major contract with Corrections Corporation of America. (October 19, 2016)
At Least 24,000 Inmates Have Staged Coordinated Protests in the Past Month. Why Have You Not Heard of Their Actions? Hunger strikes, labor strikes, and other actions have hit at least 29 prisons in at least 12 states. (October 14, 2016)
(WW) Protests outside Mahanoy and Frackville prisons call for clean water, hep c drugs (October 1, 2016)
(Amy Goodman) A prisoners‘ rights movement is rippling out from a solitary-confinement cell (September 29, 2016)
The Industrial Workers of the World is calling for a nationwide prison strike in September (July 11, 2016)
(The Intercept) Prisoners in Multiple States Call for Strikes to Protest Forced Labor (April 4, 2016)
Expecting a baby? Know someone who is? Want some clarity about which foods to introduce to your child and when? Order your Nourishing Healthy Babies: First Real Foods chart today! It is the only chart to offer all the nourishing, traditional, nutrient-dense foods your baby needs to grow and thrive starting at 4 months to over one year on one handy page! It includes categories of beverages, healthy fats, protein, fruits, vegetables, grains, seeds, nuts and legumes, including preparation techniques. Chart Details: It is 12" x 18" and hand illustrated. It is laminated for years of use, and easy to wipe off should it be splashed with pureed avocado or egg yolk! The chart is also beautiful enough to frame; truly “functional kitchen art”. It is lovely to look at, simple to follow, and full of great information about how to feed your baby! Note: One side has the hand-lettered information and the other side is blank.
Whole grains are the hardest food for the human body to digest, and all grains contain anti-nutrients that must be neutralized before cooking. The techniques explained on this chart translate into less strain on the digestive system, better digestive health and more nutrients available to your body. Learn how to prepare whole grains so that the minerals and enzymes are not lost! Everything you need to know about soaking beans and whole grains in one beautifully hand-lettered and illustrated 12” x 18” laminated chart. Perfect for your refrigerator … truly functional kitchen art. This chart explains all the whys and all the hows of traditional soaking methods so that you can prepare any bean or grain so it is delicious and digestible. You'll taste the difference, and your body will thank you for it. Note: One side has the hand-lettered information and the other side is blank.
100% Sprouted Brown rice. Perfect for when you don't have time to soak your rice. Digestible and delicious.
Organic 100% Sprouted Whole Grain Lentil Flour ORGANIC SPROUTED WHOLE GRAIN LENTIL FLOUR Best added to other flours to add taste and texture to breads. Try it in Indian bread recipes. Great grain alternative for GAPS dieters wanting bread.
Yes, sprouted popping corn! Pops up nicely. Great with liberal amounts of Ancient Organics Ghee, and Celtic Sea Salt! Easy to digest and less reactive that regular popping corn. USDA Organic. GMO Free.
Sprouted 100% Organic* Spelt Flour Now in 1 lb bag! To Your Health Sprouted Flour Co. has returned to the traditional practice of sprouting grains in order to render them more nutritious and digestible. Their flours are freshly milled from organic grains that are sprouted, dried and milled at temperatures below 110° to maintain enzymes, vitamins and minerals produced during the sprouting process. *Certified USDA Organic, True Sprout Certified, Certified Kosher
Heirloom Basil Pesto When the sun is high and the summer garden is overflowing with bounty, it is time to gather basil for pesto. We take our pesto, fresh with basil and garlic from Capay Valley's Riverdog Farm, and toss it with kale and sunflower seeds before low-temperature dehydration. What results is a delightful chip that touches memory and fantasy and energizes our bodies with pure, raw, summer sun. 100% Organic
Dynamic notes of lemon and ginger meet warming miso for a chip that soothes as it rejuvenates. This chip is alkalizing and lends a note of bright delight to any dish or midday snacktime. Great enjoyed with salads, in sandwiches, or solo.
New Recipe! Now GAPS*/Paleo-friendly! “A good broth resurrects the dead” – South American proverb. Wild strength of pastured buffalo meets mineral rich wildcrafted seaweed and biodynamic dates. This chip is enzymatically rich and nutritionally vibrant and is excited to invigorate your explorations in the wilderness or the cityscape jungle. Low temperature dehydrated with a pastured bone broth-infused dressing.
Product is gluten-free, soy-free and GAPS*/Paleo Diets-friendly. Contains dairy in the form of ghee.
New Recipe! Now Paleo-friendly! “A good broth resurrects the dead” – South American proverb. High notes of sage and thyme play with our base of ghee, sweet potatoes, and beef bone broth to create a full bodied snack. This kale chip provides dense nutrition and revitalization for those who seek a mineral rich and delightful super-duper food. Low temperature dehydrated with a pastured bone broth-infused dressing.
Product is gluten-free, soy-free, nut-free and Paleo Diet-friendly. Contains dairy in the form of ghee.
Grown on small organic family farms in Ecuador, this Red Palm is certified Organic, Non-GMO and Fair Trade. They partner with Natural Habitats™ to ensure that no deforestation or habitat destruction results from the growing or harvesting process.
This unrefined red palm oil has a mild carrot-like flavor, with a rich, buttery texture. Some red palm oils have a strong or harsh flavor, however, our proprietary cold-filtration process removes any strong flavor while retaining the nutrients. It's ideal for soups, sauces and sautéing. It also turns regular popcorn into delicious movie theater-style popcorn.
Natural Habitats seeks to empower and support farmers. Committed to the sustainable production of organic and fairly traded products, they also contribute to social development in the community through education and nutrition programs. They allocate 1% of sales to social and environmental stewardship programs. Projects have included building a small health clinic and providing sports uniforms for the local youth.
The region in Ecuador where our Organic Red Palm Oil is grown has numerous small family farms, averaging 10 hectares (about 25 acres), interspersed throughout the regional forests. These subsistence farms were planted many years ago and are now being worked by second and third generation farming families.
Palm oil grown in Southeast Asia is associated with destruction of rainforest and orangutan habitat. It is important to note that in addition to the work we do with Natural Habitats, orangutans do not live in Ecuador and our red palm does not contribute to deforestation or habitat destruction.
DIRECTIONS: No refrigeration required. Solid at cooler temperatures; easier to spoon if chilled. To melt, place jar in warm water. Specks and variations in color and consistency occur naturally in this oil. The deep color can stain some utensils.
Coconut is one of the world's most nourishing super foods. This creamy taste of the tropics is great for sautéing and baking, enhancing your favorite recipes, and body care.
Our virgin coconut oil is cold-pressed and never refined, deodorized or bleached! Savor its rich aroma and its smooth and sweet flavor. It's ideal as a medium-heat cooking oil, a nutritious substitute for baking and even "better than butter" on bread, vegetables or popcorn. A pinch of salt will reduce the coconut flavor in savory recipes.
You can even use the luscious, soothing oil on your skin and hair. Use coconut oil as a natural skin moisturizer, eye make-up remover, or deep conditioning hair treatment. Combine coconut oil with coconut sugar and essential oil for an exfoliating, refreshing body scrub.
Please note that there is no difference between Virgin and Extra-Virgin Coconut Oil. They previously called our coconut oil "extra-virgin" to emphasize our commitment to quality, however as they move into international markets we have removed the term to comply with international regulations that disallow the term. Be assured that our product quality has not changed in any way.
New! Fair Trade - We are now offering fair trade certified coconut oil in our 14oz & 23oz glass sizes.
Please note that there is no difference between Virgin and Extra-Virgin Coconut Oil. We previously called our coconut oil "extra-virgin" to emphasize our commitment to quality, however as we move into international markets we have removed the term to comply with international regulations that disallow the term. Be assured that our product quality has not changed in any way.
Ostara crafts their coconut butter from only the finest, organic and raw ingredients which are slowly stone ground to draw out flavor while creating a silky, smooth texture. Ingredients: Organic Stone Ground Coconut
Bariani Olive Oil is family run company committed to crafting an authentic raw extra virgin olive oil. The Bariani family hand harvests their olives from October through December.This artisanal product is produced in limited quantity and with certified organic olives.
While their extra virgin olive oil is subject to seasonal variation, the subtle characteristics that differentiate Bariani olive oil from any other remain, making it a great complement to any food. Extra virgin olive oil is rich in antioxidants and helps to absorb vitamin A, D, E, and K. This extra virgin olive oil is cold extracted and unfiltered to preserve its raw qualities and stored in temperature controlled stainless steel tanks until bottling.
“A good broth resurrects the dead” – South American Proverb. High notes of sage and thyme play with our base of ghee, sweet potatoes, and beef bone broth to create a full bodied snack. This kale chip provides dense nutrition and revitalization for those who seek a mineral rich and delightful superduperfood. Low temperature dehydrated with a pastured bone broth-infused dressing.
Séka Hills Premium Arbequina Extra Virgin Olive Oil is custom milled from the fruit of their 82 acres of high density Arbequina olive trees. Séka Hills estate grown olives are carefully harvested at the peak of ripeness. Transported immediately to the Séka Hills Olive Mill after picking, clean, fresh fruit produces the highest quality extra virgin olive oil. Séka Hills Arbequina is ideal as your everyday olive oil and will be a flavorful addition to your favorite recipes. This is the olive oil we use in our kitchen.
Info-Synergique develops Accpac accounting interfaces that are seamlessly integrated with Maitre’D POS. We do payroll (through CGI’s Progressive Payroll and National Bank – Desjardins Paie PC) and all of general accounting. Comments we get from our users reveal the high quality of our products. Our solutions are fast and accurate for every day use making us a great Maitre’D companion. Our goal is to maximize the accuracy of your bookkeeping and provide you with more time for management. Our products are the right fit for the hospitality industry.
We also carry a MEMBERSHIP solution for private clubs and Country Clubs. This software will, among other things, help you with your Annual Billing, follow members’ classification and renewal even in mid-season, follow Annual Spending Minimum (or Bar Bill) and make sure you collect them! It completes the full accounting cycle in a Membership based organization.
We have partnered with ACCPAC, because this accounting solution is distributed worldwide. It reflected a positive image, as we now have well over 500 installations all over America (as far as Venezuela). If your company is based in Canada, we can also team up to be your local provider of Accpac software and services
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best customer experience. Because we care about protecting your personal data, we use privacy best practices and we are GDPR-compliant. Learn More
The Nursing Officer II will be responsible to the Senior Nursing Officer for planning of nursing care of patients in the respective areas.
Diploma in Kenya Registered Nursing/Midwifery (KRN/M) or Kenya Registered Community Health Nursing (KRCHN).
Post-basic training in any of the following specialities: Critical Care, Operating Room, Paediatrics, Neonatal,
Ruai Family Hospital Diploma Jobs:Nursing Officer, Laboratory Technologist,Front Office Jobs in Kenya
Recommended as partner for Visual Awareness Project (such as Safety, etc). Good design with cooperative person..
Copyright 2018 SkinCeuticals. All Rights Reserved. This site is for U.S. consumers. Cookies, related technologies and device identification are used for Personalized Advertising. To learn about choices see our privacy notice.
On Saturday 13th October 2018, Eamon McCay, founder/Managing Director of Frylite and the Senior Management team opted to sleep out overnight in Strabane Co.Tyrone to raise both awareness and funds to tackle the issue of homelessness across Ireland.
Currently we have raised over £10,000 for a variety of charities and The Frylite Sleep Out is just one part of a huge charity initiative designed to celebrate the company’s 30 years in business.
The support and generosity of everyone in Strabane and throughout Ireland has been incredible and we want to say a massive thank you to everyone who has donated.
The Bank of Ireland (Strabane Branch) held a coffee morning on Friday 12th October in advance of The Frylite SleepOut in Strabane to raise awareness and raise funds to tackle the issue of homelessness across Ireland.
£541.00 was raised and all proceeds of the coffee morning will go to a variety of charities including the Simon Community & DePaul.
Thank you to everyone at the Bank of Ireland and the local people of Strabane who called in to the bank and supported a great cause
Eamon McCay, founder and Managing Director of Frylite, is bravely opting to sleep out overnight in Strabane Co.Tyrone to raise both awareness and funds to tackle the issue of homelessness across Ireland.
Prompted by World Homeless Day on 10th October 2018, Eamon will spend the night of Saturday, 13th October on the streets of Strabane.
Eamon acknowledges that he is fortunate in being able to choose the temporary homelessness and understands that for others it is not a choice. Almost 10,000 people described themselves as homeless in Ireland this year. That includes men, women, couples and families. These are staggering -figures, but the most important message is that we can all help.
Eamon is working in partnership with a variety of charities including DePaul, a cross-border charity supporting some of the most marginalised individuals, couples and families experiencing homelessness. Their mission is to end homelessness and change the lives of those affected by it.
The Frylite Sleep Out is also just one part of a huge charity initiative designed to celebrate the company’s 30 years in business. Over the course of 12 months, colleagues are being encouraged to play their part in raising £30,000 to be donated to a range of nominated charities.
Eamon says “Frylite has always aimed to give back to the communities in which we live and work. Because we’re an all-Ireland business, we’ve found many ways to do this over the years and saw our 30 years in business as an even bigger opportunity to do more of the same. I personally am delighted to make this small gesture to help raise awareness of a nationwide issue.
“I would be very grateful if you can donate what you can to this most deserving of causes by visiting our Frylite GoFundMe Page – www.gofundme.com/frylite-celebrating-30years.”
Well done to all the staff at Frylite Strabane who raised a total of £588.00 at The Cricket & BBQ night held in Sion Mills Cricket Club
The team had a great night & all money raised will go towards ‘Raising £30,000 to celebrate 30 Years in Business’ for a variety of charities
The Frylite team climbed Mount Errigal to raise money for a variety of charities on Saturday 23rd June 2018.
Well done to all the team & the money raised will go towards our fundraising event to raise 30k for 30years.
This week we are officially celebrating 30 years in business & we want to say a massive THANK YOU for all the support over the last 30 years.
We have lots of activities & fundraising events planned throughout the year & we look forward to the upcoming celebrations.
The Strabane Frylite team are ready to kick things off in Newtownstewart on Friday 27th April when the team will hijack the Cancer Focus shop for one day only!
To celebrate 30 years in business we will be working with a range of charities throughout 2018 to support our local communities throughout Ireland.
Well done to all the Frylite team in Strabane who raised £686.40 through a breakfast morning held on 8th February 2018 for local search and rescue group Strabane Community Rescue Service, who were involved in the search for Mrs Lesley McHugh.
Her son Damien Mc Hugh is pictured presenting the cheque to Ivan Barr treasurer of Strabane Community Rescue Service.
Located on the 2nd floor of a beautiful Showa era house in Mizuho Ward, Analogue Life's Nagoya shop blends contemporary styling with Showa period architectural elements. Seperately the first floor of the building houses Tsukihiso, a gallery that has exhibitions of kimonos, ceramics, prints, and other works from the 10th to the 20th of each month.
- Select - Student (High School)Student (Undergraduate/Graduate)Entry LevelExperienced (Non-Manager)Manager (Manager/Supervisor of Staff)Executive (SVP, VP, Department Head, etc)Senior Executive (President, CEO, etc)
Monster has a Apply Online feature that allows applicants to submit their applications through Monster. If you would prefer your applicants to contact you directly or use your own online application, include that information in body of your job description and disable Apply Online below.
Add shading to your ad that will give your ad a unique look and stand out to draw eyes from job seekers to your advertisement.
Enter your credit card billing information below. NOTE: The information you enter below must EXACTLY MATCH your credit card statement billing details or the transaction will be declined by the payment processor.
This is a secure 128-bit SSL encrypted payment. Charges will appear as Online Classified Ads on your billing statement.
01 - January02 - February03 - March04 - April05 - May06 - June07 - July08 - August09 - September10 - October11 - November12 - December
BEFORE & AFTER✨🙌🏽• • • She wanted her base to match her natural color. They had put highlights and made her base a level 7. So we reversed it! • • • #hairstylist #studio34 #balayage #haircut #haircolor #sanjosehairstylist
They come from the original Divine Pattern coming down from the Father, through the Son and is found at every level of life. Sun and moon, seed and plant, parent and child, king and country, Old Testament – New Testament, the Pattern of Source and Channel is the key.
A subversive, conflicting pattern has made its way into the lives of men, and women, and the hearts and minds of rulers and leaders. All must choose their pattern of life or death. Sacred scriptures encourage us to choose.
Somehow the old truths became new refreshing truths and I saw our beliefs in a new light. I have used the material to produce at least 3 sermons and one dear lady actually thanked me , saying" We ought to hear more sermons like this" , which was encouraging.
A favourite chapter "The marriage within the Most Holy Place-the Judgment' particularly gave me hope.
The Identity Wars audio book has broken me like a fragile twig...I weep listening and learning being tuned into the parallel but opposite kingdoms and how since The Fall through recorded Biblical history, these two kingdoms have co-existed. The focus on the intimacy of the life-line between God our Father and ourselves through Jesus His Son is so heart melting,,,,I cannot express the impact in human language. Thanks be to God our Father for revealing to you this focus and emphasis. Since finding the seeking Savior some 40 yrs ago as a teenage student in University this series of messages has fueled a burning desire to know and share the unspeakable riches of Christ like none other I have heard! Knowing the infinite value of Sonship!!! Oh my brother....it is too wonderful....the identity of sonship!!
I believe your book as a whole, from what I have read so far will prove to be a beneficial and encouraging study for those needing more insight on the subject. You are hitting areas that few have yet touched.
I have some pretty good ideas of what they're trying to hide, but what is it that you think is really going on behind the scenes?
WIth this payment service from Uniteller processing company your costumers сan choose convenient for them payment methods by bank cards.
Opisy obrazów są rzadką spotykaną funkcją SEO na stronach produktów, ale ich precyzyjne opisanieto niezawodny sposób na zwiększenie widoczności swojego sklepu w wynikach wyszukiwania. Moduł SEO Imagesautomatyzuje proces tworzenia atrybutów „alt tag” dla obrazów przedstawiających produkty i generuje wysokiej jakości zawartość poprawiającą pozycję strony w wyszukiwarkach.
Flash Slideshow Builder creates attractive slideshows with cool 3D slice effects and transitions between Xml Marquee Image Flash slides. You'll be able to divide your images into any number of pieces and rotate them the way you like! Flash Slideshow Builder uses the Tweener engine, which makes it support several tween types for the transitions, such as Cubic, Bounce or Elastic. Use Flash Slideshow Builder to create content slider, image galleries, image & banner rotator for your website. You don't need to have any professional skills in Flash, HTML, CSS and Javascript. All need files and html code will be generated in Flash Slideshow Builder visual interface for Windows and MAC OS. Just open images in Flash Slideshow Builder program, specify the description and adjust transition properties for each image. Publish the flash slideshow fullscreen to a local drive or directly to the Internet via a built-in FTP client and add the HTML embed code on your website or blog. As a result you'll have .swf (flash) file that requires an XML configuration file in which the paths to the existing images and settings, necessary for handling those, are defined. You can also define the appearance in terms of font-family, font-style, color, etc. in an external CSS file, making customization really easy.
Flash Slideshow Builder Maker will now include these pictures. Or you can drag the images (folder) to the Flash Slideshow Builder window. The image is copied to your pictures folder and automatically added to flash slideshow fullscreen. If you have included the images that you do not wish to be in the slideshow, you can easily remove them. Select all images that you wish to remove from slide show, and select Delete images.. from the Images menu. You can pick and choose pictures by holding the CTRL while clicking the pictures you like.
* Copy all code for Flash Slideshow Builder from the HEAD and BODY tags and paste it on your page in the HEAD tag and in the place where you want to have a N???? ???�N�N? Flash ?�?�N??�???? Online (inside the BODY tag).
If you would like to continue using this Flash Interactive Slideshow Transition Tutorial product after the trial period, you should purchase a Business Edition. The Business Edition additionally provides an option to remove the CU3OX.com credit line as well as a feature to put your own logo to images. After you complete the payment via the secure form, you will receive a license key instantly by email that turns the Free Trial Version into a Business one. You can select the most suitable payment option: PayPal, credit card, bank transfer, check etc.
For troubleshooting, feature requests and general help contact Customer Support at . Make sure to include details on your browser, operating system, CU3OX version and a link (or relevant code).Free Flash Image Gallery By Subject
There have recently been a plenty of updates in the niche of innovation and also information technology. Specialists are creating various apps in order to support people every day. Many of these are generally handling great services and individuals responsible for this are gaining a load of sales revenue. The Mobirise is actually as well an app which runs offline for Win and Mac particularly. That software is produced to function offline and may possibly be made use of on mobile telephones quite easily. The unique quality of this particular Mobirise Application is that it can be utilized in order to construct new sites, business pages, promo web sites for apps, on-line resumes and portfolio, help line and product lines, events and many more things like this a bit faster.
Interestingly too, Mobirise Responsive JS Website Creator performs more effective compared to lots of standard Responsive HTML Website Creators in regards to no cost, mobile phone congruity, and availability. And also, the numerous dozens website sections on this specific tool are sufficient to present the originality your website may need in order to overcome the developing competition in the majority of niches.
As Mobirise Responsive HTML Website Themes are constructed applying the almighty Bootstrap Framework and they are generally highly ranked on Google, you can rest assured that invested effort and time in this software application will definitely be worthwhile.
Let's get you through newest Mobirise AMP themes and also help you understand the way they could boost your website design and productivity.
Mobirise fitness Bootstrap JS Web Page Template is a luxurious, wonderfully arranged Mobile-friendly HTML Page Design intended for wellness and fitness oriented businesses with three examples showcased, the fitness club, the workout activity, the healthy and balanced meals club for dishes and tips.
Each one using information assumed to be needed of them featuring live demos. The Mobile-friendly CSS Website Theme is laid out with its predominant colors being actually black and white. Its web pages designed with high-resolution photos, cautious specificing from using hover effects such as animated pictures and toggles, semitransparent picture background that includes visional effects and highlights message at the same time and matching pops of colour.
The Beauty AMP Website Example is an utmost AMP Website Example which's great for making responsive sites for beauty workshops, tattoo salons, massage salons, shaver shops, and health clubs.
It features multiple blocks such as menus, intros, carousels, videos, features, staff, articles, social, info, tables and maps, statements and forms, along with footers.
ArchitectAMP is solely one from the Mobirise Responsive JS Webpage Themes that is originally intended for engineers, decor organizations, building and construction providers, exterior designers and more. Regardless of the headline, this Responsive HTML Website Template can openly be taken for creating some other kinds of internet sites.
This is actually what makes Mobirise and the designs that specific: they can be modified to anything absolutely new and different in contrast to the initial style.
Just like some other AMP themes, the HandyMan AMP offers web sites a quick and eye-catching look which effectively boosts user experience, bounce rate, and sale rates. Certainly, the AMP Project targets to speed up how web sites load and work on virtually any tool like mobile phone devices or PCs.
The HandyMan AMP theme is actually important when it comes to sites which target maintenance and installation. Carpenters, craftsmen, decorators, artists, handymen, and other employees in the development business will definitely find the website blocks in this Responsive JS Landing Page Design most ideal when it comes to their firm.
Because Mobirise Mobile-friendly HTML Landing Page Templates are ideal for creating the website of your dreams, they aren't going to be absolutely remarkable. On the one hand, these promise to be highly-responsive and mobile-friendly. These undoubtedly are qualities that make these popular. On the other hand, though, you can't access a few features aside from you pay for them. Thus, the free Mobile-friendly CSS Webpage Maker eventually costs something.
Altogether, Mobirise AMP themes are simply best for your internet site in spite of your business providings. Whether you possess a tunes label, beauty parlor, business course, maintenance service or natural food store, those AMP CSS Website Designs are actually the response to your website design inquiries.
Babies R Us knows that becoming a parent changes your life forever, and we are here to celebrate your journey into parenthood! Our number one priority is your .
The jury of the Umweltfestival „horizonte zingst“ has selected one of my images for their exhibition this year :-)
My favorite parades are those in small communities. The parade in our town is only two blocks long and lasts about 20 minutes, but we always arrive early so we can get a front row seat. We don’t want to miss those great family floats!
When I was growing up we always had a Hooton family float. My Mom and her sister would design and make a float for all of my Grandparents’ grandkids to ride on. I don’t remember a lot of the details about creating the float but I do remember having lots of fun with my cousins. I also liked getting a free ticket to the local movie theater and 25 cents to buy a treat which was the prize for having an award winning float.
Having a family float in a local parade can be a fun activity for your family reunion. It’s also a great way for Grandma and Grandpa to show off their posterity. The Brown family counted all their posterity and celebrated by building the family float pictured below.
#1. Be sure to register your float with the parade committee in advance. Find out the specifics about entering before you begin building your parade float. Some parades have restrictions about throwing candy or passing out flyers so find out the rules and safety requirements.
#2. Once you know the size requirements and approved vehicles for floats, you will need to find either a truck and trailer or flatbed that you can use as a base for your float. If you don’t have access to a truck and trailer let your family ride their bikes or walk in the parade. Children in the family can dress in their team uniforms, dance costumes or school shirts and ride decorated bikes in the parade.
Another option is to put everyone in matching family reunion shirts and make a banner with your family name on it. Give everyone a helium balloon and wah la- you have a “walking” family reunion float. Like they say, sometimes- “less is more”.
#3. Make sure you have plenty of help when assembling your float. You will have to build your float in a few hours so you will need to be organized. Be sure you have all supplies on hand.
#4. Money is probably going to be an issue for your family reunion float but floats don’t have to cost a lot of money to be fun. There are inexpensive supplies that you can use to make a fun float. Colored butcher paper, paint, cardboard, straw bales and balloons can create a very nice float. Cut out props from the cardboard boxes. Try making props more three dimensional by using folds or tape and glue. Make them big, the bigger the better, because your float will be viewed from a distance. Paint these props colorfully and be sure to adequately secure them to the vehicle or trailer. Balloons are a great filler as are colorful crepe paper streamers. Make skirting to cover the sides and wheels by wrapping and securing colored butcher paper with tape and a staple gun.
#5. Last of all, be sure you have a safe driver for your float. Grandpa is a good option if he doesn’t already have an assignment. After you have put your family reunion float together with crepe paper, balloons and staples, all that’s left is to add your family.
“And when it rains on your parade, look up rather than down. Without the rain, there would be no rainbow.”
Posted in Family Fun, Family Reunion Fun, Family Reunion Ideas, Games, genealogy, Parade Floats, Planning a Family Reunion	| Tagged decorating a parade float, family floats, family parade floats, family reunion activities, family reunion fun, family reunion ideas, family reunion parade float, parade float examples, Parade float ideas, small town parade float ideas	| Leave a reply
Looking for some inspiration for your shoe box float? Here’s some fun and creative floats- a picture is worth a thousand words.
It seems everyone is making “shoebox floats” for their Mardi Graw celebrations and it got me thinking- how about a shoebox parade as a family reunion activity.
A shoe box float is just a shoe box flipped over with the lid attached to the back to form a backdrop. These boxes are then decorated like a parade float.
To decorative your shoe box float gather objects such as glitter, buttons, costume jewelry, feathers, sequins, tissue paper, scrap paper, small shells or rocks, tinsel, foil, markers, paint, crayons, photos, pipe cleaners, buttons, dolls or action figures, or small toys.
Place the large part of the shoebox upside down and attach the lid of the shoebox at one end. Paint the boxes, or cover with paper and decorate.
Choose a theme for your shoebox float parade. At a family reunion, you could ask participants to decorate their float to represent themselves- a great “getting to know you” activity or assign each family an ancestor to research and then decorate their float to represent that ancestor.
3. Float dimensions: The shoebox float must be made of a cardboard shoebox no larger than 13” x 9”. A completed decorated float should not exceed 15 inches in height..
Of course, you’ll want to give out a few awards for the “Most Beautiful”, “Most Creative Use of Materials”, “Judges Choice” and Most Unique floats.
When planning your 2012 family reunion consider a shoebox float parade and see just how creative your family can be.
When I was growing up we always had a Hooton family float. My Mom and her sister designed and made a float for all of Grammie and Gramps grandkids to ride on. I don’t remember a lot of the details but I do remember having fun on the float and I liked getting a free ticket to the movie theater and 25 cents to buy a treat which was the prize for having an award winning float.
Having a family float in a local parade can be a fun activity for your family reunion. It’s also a great way for Grandma and Grandpa to show off their posterity. Here’s some tips to having a great family reunion float.
#2. Once you know the size requirements and approved vehicles for floats, you will need to find either a truck and trailer or flatbed that you can use to create your float. If you don’t have access to a truck and trailer let your family ride their bikes or walk in the parade. Children in the family can dress in their team uniforms, dance costumes or school shirts, decorate their bikes and ride in the parade.
Another option is to put everyone in matching family reunion shirts, make a banner with your family name on it, give everyone a helium balloon and wah la- you have a “walking” family reunion float. Like they say, sometimes- “less is more”.
#3. Make sure you have plenty of help to assemble your float. You will have to build your float in a few hours so you will need to be organized.
#4. Money is probably going to be an issue for your family reunion float. Floats do not have to cost a lot of money to be fun. There are inexpensive supplies that you can use to make a fun float. Colored butcher paper, paint, cardboard, straw bales and balloons can create a very nice float. Cut out props from the cardboard, try making them more three dimensional by using folds or tape and glue. Make them big, the bigger the better, because your float will be viewed from a distance. Paint these props colorfully and be sure to adequately secure the props to the vehicle or trailer. Balloons are a great filler as are colorful crepe paper streamers. Make skirting to cover the sides and wheels by wrapping and securing with tape and a staple gun a length of heavy butcher type paper around the deck of the bed.
#5. Last of all, be sure you have a safe driver for your float. Grandpa is a good option if he doesn’t already have an assignment. After you have put your family reunion float together with crepe paper, balloons and staples all that’s left is to add your family.
And to feed all those hungry parade goers be sure and check out “How Much Do I Need To Feed a Hundred under the “Plan a Reunion” drop down at family reunion helper.
Posted in Parade Floats	| Tagged family reunion, float, grandparents, how to make a float, Parade	| Leave a reply
Gary Anthony James Webb (born 8 March 1958), known professionally as Gary Numan, is an English singer, songwriter, composer, musician and record producer.
Born in Hammersmith, West London, he first entered the music industry as lead singer of the new wave band Tubeway Army. After releasing two albums with the band, Numan released his debut solo album The Pleasure Principle in 1979.
With number-one singles “Are ‘Friends’ Electric?” and “Cars”, Numan achieved his peak of mainstream popularity in the late 1970s and early 1980s, but maintains a cult following.
His signature sound consists of heavy synthesiser hooks fed through guitar effects pedals, and he is considered a pioneer of commercial electronic music.
Numan is also known for his distinctive voice and androgynous “android” persona. In 2017 he received an Ivor Novello Award, the Inspiration Award, from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers, and Authors.
Check out current specials for different vendors that we represent. If you can't find that perfect item give us a call and our sales staff will help you.
Stylish products. Dependable service. Unbeatable savings. When you need that extra bang for your buck. When you want Leed's style and quality at a discount. When you want to pay less but still get million-dollar service. When you want it all, but don't have it all to spend, there's Leed's Clearance. Make it yours.
If you'd like to see all the photos we take in Gran Canaria, head over to our dedicated photography website: www.photosgrancanaria.com.
The spirit of Tauro beach lives on even as Anfi's bulldozers wait for its new coating of Saharan sand, but chances are it will never be quite the same again.
Take this website to the max, login or create an account now! By clicking on any Social Media platform logo, you can login with just one click.
Images used on this website are copyrighted. If you'd like to use any of the images, have a look at our photography website www.photosgrancanaria.com.
Students should analyze a system in terms of its components and how these components relate to each other, to the whole, and to the external environment. The student is expected to: (A) demonstrate safe practices during laboratory and field investigations, including chemical, electrical, and fire safety, and safe handling of live and preserved organisms; and (B) demonstrate an understanding of the use and conservation of resources and the proper disposal or recycling of materials. The student uses scientific methods during laboratory and field investigations.
The student is expected to: (A) evaluate data over a period of time from an established aquatic environment documenting seasonal changes and the behavior of organisms; (B) collect baseline quantitative data, including p H, salinity, temperature, mineral content, nitrogen compounds, and turbidity from an aquatic environment; (C) analyze interrelationships among producers, consumers, and decomposers in a local aquatic ecosystem; and (D) identify the interdependence of organisms in an aquatic environment such as in a pond, river, lake, ocean, or aquifer and the biosphere. The student knows the role of cycles in an aquatic environment.
The student is expected to: (A) in all fields of science, analyze, evaluate, and critique scientific explanations by using empirical evidence, logical reasoning, and experimental and observational testing, including examining all sides of scientific evidence of those scientific explanations, so as to encourage critical thinking by the student; (B) communicate and apply scientific information extracted from various sources such as current events, news reports, published journal articles, and marketing materials; (C) draw inferences based on data related to promotional materials for products and services; (D) evaluate the impact of research and technology on scientific thought, society, and the environment; (E) describe the connection between aquatic science and future careers; and (F) research and describe the history of aquatic science and contributions of scientists. Students know that aquatic environments are the product of Earth systems interactions.
The student is expected to: (A) identify key features and characteristics of atmospheric, geological, hydrological, and biological systems as they relate to aquatic environments; (B) apply systems thinking to the examination of aquatic environments, including positive and negative feedback cycles; and (C) collect and evaluate global environmental data using technology such as maps, visualizations, satellite data, Global Positioning System (GPS), Geographic Information System (GIS), weather balloons, buoys, etc. The student conducts long-term studies on local aquatic environments.
The student is expected to: (A) identify the role of carbon, nitrogen, water, and nutrient cycles in an aquatic environment, including upwellings and turnovers; and (B) examine the interrelationships between aquatic systems and climate and weather, including El Nio and La Nia, currents, and hurricanes. The student knows the origin and use of water in a watershed.
While there’s no magic bullet to prevent heartbreak, there is a good chance that if the relationship ended sooner you would not have fallen so hard.
Hi everyone! Today with Altenew we are celebrate our unique community. Every day I meet fantastic and talented people, which inspire...
The EU Cookie Policy Banner GDPR Compliant & CMS developed by PrestaShop helps you meet the EU Cookie law requirements by displaying on your online store a customizable and configurable warning banner in just a few clicks.
* standard is a connection box on top (12 h) for most motors. That connection can be placed in factory on the side (3 h, 9 h). (see picture)
* oil burner motors are usually supplied with no connection box. We can supply a connection box, or make the cables longer, or supply a connector.
An experimental gene therapy appeared to dramatically increase the production of a muscle-making protein in three young boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, a deadly and irreversible disease, according to results being presented by the drugmaker Sarepta Therapeutics at an investor event this morning.
“We think this has huge implications for the treatment of this disease,” says Jerry R. Mendell, the principal investigator in the Center for Gene Therapy at the Research Institute of Nationwide Children’s Hospital, who is leading the study for Sarepta.
Outside experts who reviewed the data for Forbes say it is promising, though the data have not been peer-reviewed for a conference or publication. “Being in this field doing clinical research for many years, I learned to be cautious,” says Ron Crystal, chairman of genetic medicine at Weill Cornell Medicine. “But I think it’s encouraging.”
The data are a positive not only for Sarepta, but for two other companies that are racing to develop gene therapies for Duchenne: Solid Biosciences, a startup founded by an investors whose child has Duchenne, and the drug giant Pfizer.
During an interview last night, Douglas Ingram, Sarepta’s chief executive, briefly allowed himself to think very big about the four boys, all younger than six, who have been given the treatment so far. (Data are available on three of them.) “We don't want to oversell ourselves,” he says. “Dr. Mendell, he’s tired of watching kids die of this horrific disease that’s been killing kids forever. But it may be a possibility that there are four boys walking around today who have a very different future.”
One thing’s for certain: the data live up to the heady expectations of Sarepta’s investors. Shares in the company have run up 80% so far this day, giving the Cambridge, Massachusetts-based company a market capitalization of $6.9 billion. Investors are likely to be focused on a measure of whether a test called the western blot shows that the gene therapy has sufficiently raised levels of dystrophin, the protein that is dysfunctional or missing in Duchenne patients, and without which the body cannot build and maintain muscle.
Sarepta’s marketed drug, Exondys 51, was approved based on data that it increased levels of dystrophin in patients with a particular type of mutation in the dystrophin gene by much less than 1%, measured with western blot. A May analyst note from Nomura Instinet, an investment bank, predicted the gene therapy would lead to dystrophin levels of 5% to 10% of normal.
The actual western blot number: 38.2% of normal, using Sarepta’s western blot method, and 53.7% based on a method developed at Nationwide Children’s that corrects for readings in fat and scar tissue. In other words, quadruple the best case.
But gene therapy experts pointed to other data points as more interesting than the ones that Wall Street has fixated on. For instance, boys (for genetic reasons, they’re all boys) with Duchenne have high levels of creatinine kinase, an enzyme involved in the destruction of muscle. In the study, the three boys who have been followed for at least two months saw levels of creatinine kinase drop 87% from about 30,000 units per liter.
Then there are the videos. In one shown to me via a webcast, a boy initially climbed stairs one at a time, slowly. Some time after treatment, he bounded up them. Mendell, the lead investigator, asserted that improvements like that don’t happen.
Outside researchers were more cautious. Xiao Xiao, a professor at professor at the University of California’s Eshelman School of Pharmacy and co-inventor of the Pfizer gene therapy, worried that other issues like changes in steroid treatment could lead to changes in creatinine kinase, for instance. He was nonetheless excited by the results. “I think gene therapy now is coming back after all these years of technology improvement,” he said. He would receive royalties if the Pfizer treatment reaches the market.
The excitement is so palpable, and information about the treatments is filtering out via social media. Last month, Adam Feuerstein at Stat News wrote that a teen in the Solid Biosciences study was reporting improvements on Facebook. A dramatic video from a patient in the Pfizer study has also made its way onto the social media site; the patient’s parents have talked about their son’s involvement in the Pfizer trial in fundraising efforts for CureDuchenne, a charity, but a Facebook message from their fundraising entity said they would not comment further.
“There’s multiple options that appear to be coming down the clinical path, so it’s great for the community as a whole,” says Jude Samulski, another UNC professor and cofounder with Xiao of the Duchenne startup Pfizer bought.
The big question is whether these gene therapies will be different from each other. All of them solve the same problem in a similar manner. They all use a virus called the adeno-associated vector (AAV) to insert a gene to produce dystrophin into patients’ cells. But this is even harder than it sounds. The gene for dystrophin is the largest in the human genetic code, and is far too big to fit in the AAV. So scientists created a shortened version based on patients who had less severe forms of muscular dystrophy.
One question will be whether the shortened form is as effective as normal dystrophin, or close. Another difference will be in how much virus each effort is using to try and increase the amount of dystrophin produced. Even if multiple treatments work, some patients may already have immunity to some AAV vectors, meaning that every treatment may not be a match for every treatment.
Crystal, the Cornell doctor, says that measures of enzymes and protein levels won’t be enough to determine if a gene therapy is ready for use in patients. There will need to be data showing that it really makes patients better.
Ingram, Sarepta’s CEO, says he’s well aware of that. Sarepta is already planning to start another study of 24 boys. Twelve will receive the gene therapy, and another 12 will receive a placebo. At the end of a year, the 12 patients who received placebo will get the gene therapy, too. The hope is that patients’ function will improve enough that regulators will approve the drug. Ingram says Sarepta will meet with the FDA within four months—he hopes it will be sooner—to discuss what it needs for approval, but that it is moving forward with this study regardless.
“We have a lot of thinking to do,” Ingram says. “We have a lot of talking to do. We need to sit down with the FDA and get their view on this.”
With the below application, emerging ventures (typically 1-3 founders) can apply for and be selected into the Davis Roots Accelerator program.
The first round application consists of completing the provided Executive Summary template and submitting it to Davis Roots at apply@davisroots.org
Initial selection brings new ventures into our mentoring program, where you can gain access to our mentor network and be supported in preparing a more detailed business plan that includes a 9-month launch strategy and funding milestones.
Once your business plan is accepted, you'll be given office space within Davis Roots for a designated period of time.
At the end of that time, if you raise external funding, we'll help you find Davis office space to continue your growth. If you fail to make progress (i.e., meet milestones) or raise funding on a timely basis, you'll have to exit the office space. We will do all in our power to help you avoid this outcome.
In return for mentoring, space, and other support, Davis Roots will take a small equity investment in each accepted venture. Any returns on this investment will go to the ongoing support of the program.
small storage bench hallway with hooks corner foyer coat rack hanger front door shoe full size organizer hall entrance entryway mudroom cushion workout rustic tree dining room – AndrewRoman
small storage bench hallway with hooks corner foyer coat rack hanger front door shoe full size organizer hall entrance entryway mudroom cushion workout rustic tree dining room
Published on June 5, 2018 in Probably Outrageous Amazing Corner Shoe Rack Bench PictureFull resolution (931 × 931)
Whether you are searching for benches that will certainly be made use of in your home our outdoors, you should think about whether you want the bench ahead with storage or otherwise. There is a lot of squandered space beneath a bench, so it makes good sense to get a storage space bench where you could store products beneath the seat.
The appearance of the bench is just as important as the usefulness. A lot of storage space benches are made from wood as this keeps the rate down as well as makes the product much lighter to manage. They can be bought in various sorts of timber and different colors, so you should not have an issue matching the bench to the decor of the area.
Despite where you decide to position your bench, having a place to store things like garden devices, grilling devices, swimming pool tools and playthings, pipes, and also any other exterior thing is a perk benefit. Mess is not private to the home. It is very easy to gather outdoor tools that will need a specific area to be kept. Outdoor storage space benches are the best solution to exterior clutter.
Picture Gallery of small storage bench hallway with hooks corner foyer coat rack hanger front door shoe full size organizer hall entrance entryway mudroom cushion workout rustic tree dining room
So, since I've got the Verizon version of this phone (Xperia Play R800x) the 2.3.4 update has not been released for me yet. All I want to do is update the phone to the stock 2.3.4. This is now my 4th handset because when I put it on the charger it goes into docking mode and will only come out (sometimes) if I turn off/back on. I figure it's a software issue which is why I wanna see if the new update will fix it.
I rooted my phone last night w/o unlocking the bootloader using this (Unlock Root 2.2): http://talk.sonyericsson.com/message/144864#144864 It worked just fine and I got the Superuser installed. Then I downloaded the stock 2.3.4 ROM .zip file from sonyericsson.com, I have yet to install, a few questions:
1. ROM Manger/CWR isn't compatible with the Play to do a nandroid backup, I used AstroFile for the apps. Since I just want to go to an updated stock ROM do I really need to worry about doing a complete ROM backup?
2. I checked out this link Main: Xperia Play 2.3.4 minor update 4.0.2.A.0.62 to manually update which involves UNlocking the bootloader, can I still use this method even though I'm not unlocked?
3. Do I have to install a flash tool to install the .zip ROM file once it's on the SD's root folder? Or can I just use a file manager/installer? (I've seen it mentioned on this forum & others but with no explanation how to do it.)
Sorry if this seems UBER noob-ie, it is... First time I've ever tried something like this. Hell, I'll admit it, it's actually my first smartphone ever...
(No, I don't know of a permanent way to disable dock mode, but this method is better than getting a new phone 4 times )
If you really want clockwork recovery mod on your phone, go here: xda-developers - View Single Post - Recovery for locked bootloaders!!!!!
They have a way to install cwm onto phones with a locked bootloader and make nandroid backups (and there are a few ROMs based off the stock kernels you can install)
If you want your bootloader unlocked, you need to pay for it (the payment covers the operating costs of unlocking bootloaders)
Flashtool is a windows (java based) program which allows users of the Sony Ericsson Xperia line phones to install a signed update file to their phone. It works completely off windows, so there is no need to have the file on your phone.
Once again, tho, if you want to keep your phone from becoming a paperweight, DON'T UPDATE TO 2.3.4 UNTIL VERIZON RELEASES THEIR VERSION (which most likely will include the patch for the current method used for rooting)
1) Titanium backup (because it can backup the data included with your app, not just the app itself) (also a paid option, but i don't remeber what the differences are between paid and free)
2) Adfree (if you've ever played with adblock plus for firefox/chrome, this does the same thing... to in app ads as well)
3) A script manager and v6 supercharger (v6 supercharger is a script which helps optimize ram link: [Script][U9 RC4!] ALL WHEEL DRIVE -=V6 SuperCharger=- FIX RAM & Launchers, 3G & KAK! - xda-developers . Read before you install, it might be over your head, but the more you can learn what it does, the more it'll help you understand your phone)
4) No frills CPU (This program will let you underclock (while you're on stock kernel) which helps improve battery life (completely optional, of course))
1) Dual mount sd widget (do you ever want to be able to do stuff on your phone while it's transferring files to your computer? I know I do, and this is a godsend. Now I can do whatever I want on my phone, because the sdcard is never unmounted )
Well then good sir, welcome to android. I'm sure you'll have fun, and this is a great forum to learn more about your phone!
Thanks so much Pax for your very thorough and helpful reply. I DO have a few more (simpler) questions before I actually install the ROM. Will post those as soon as I can get to my laptop.
So then what ROM would you suggest? I don't need anything super fancy, just a basic one that'll get rid of some bloatware.
Do I really NEED CWR? Also, I installed Titanium (free version to try) and when I go to the backup tab, none of my apps show up, they show up on the phone (obviously) and in Astrofile but don't come up in Titanium.
Nah, I'm cool without the unlocked bootloader, since I'm new to all this I want to prevent voiding my warranty without recourse if at all possible. Can I do most of the same things with it locked?
K, so just to verify, once I got all my backups and find a ROM, I DL the flashtool on the computer, download the ROM independent of the flashtool, and select it in the flashtool when I'm ready to install then follow the instructions in the flashtool, right?
The roms that are out now are kinda fun, but overall there's not really a big difference between the ones available and stock 2.3.3 (there is a R800i style rom out there, but the developer is currently m.i.a. for development)
Unless you plan on loading a different rom, then no. On the other hand, if you're sufficiently afraid that somehow your phone might get screwed up, for whatever reason, CWM has nandroid, which has been known to save lots of time and effort
Also, I installed Titanium (free version to try) and when I go to the backup tab, none of my apps show up, they show up on the phone (obviously) and in Astrofile but don't come up in Titanium.
If after a couple of minutes it still doesn't show anything, send an email off to the developers and see if they have any ideas (most app developers are pretty good about responding relatively quickly)
Right now the only things I think you can do with a locked bootloader vs an unlocked one, is overclocking (requires a custom kernel (unlocked bootloader)) and the ability run any rom that requires a custom kernel (Right now the only that works for our phones and requires a custom kernel is Cyanogenmod, which is a vanilla version of android (no bloat, but also right now touchpad support is iffy)
I'm gunna try to get everything together tonight and see if I can get the R800i ROM loaded tonight or tomorrow. My boyfriend's bro has the AT&T 800i and he's never had any problems with it, so it's worth a try for me until Verizon gets off their lazy a$$es and release 2.3.4.
Don't wish too hard that verizon gets 2.3.4 out, my guess is that it'll patch the only exploit we currently have for root (minus unlocking the bootloader, of course)
my wife was useing my phone and downloaded go launcher and a bunch of ad ons it messed up the phone, so i started deleting it all and not i have no home screen and cant get into aps to so a reset what can i do
So, it sounds like go launcher allows you to change functions for your keys. Have you emailed the developer for a solution? Also, if voice command comes up, can you get it to do anything?
If you long press on your "blank" screen do any commands come up? For instance usually you get "shortcuts" which will allow you to access "settings", from here you should be able to remove go launcher.
If no go, I guess you can try a factory reset. If you go on the t-mo Defy forum or the Motorola Defy forum I believe they have links for resetting.
Where Are They Now she had no qualms whatsoever about getting greased up and posing nude. She was the kind of girl who would use the tiniest of excuses to turn violent on a boy. Pretty brunette bitch Maddy OReilly gets restrained and throat boarded hard. America's Next Top Model Nude Pics *Leaked* - Discussion on Topix. Lez mom humping daughter butt porn videos Mature lez in pantyhose licking pussy.
Kristina Porn star Alisha Schweizer toyz herself during a fake medical exam. Five men wake up in a locked-down warehouse with no memory of who they are. Joy Winstead do those models even really watch the show before they audtion?
Eve wonders, as I do, at the mind boggling reality of it being 2015 and women and girls being sold as sex slaves. A nude photo shoot finds some of the girls embracing the experience, while others are driven to tears.
The fact that games like these have dominated the market for the last three years and will continue to do so.
Free forum | Art, Culture and Leisures | Humour | © phpBB | Free forum support | Report an abuse | Forumotion.com
December 6, 2017 0 comments Did you know?, Dog-Harmony, Uncategorized destin magazine, dog harmony, donation, red wine, vip destin, wine Nancy Bown
Dog-Harmony has its own wine! Interested in taking some home for the holidays? You can get the wine if you are 21 years or older and have signed up for a monthly donation of $20+.
In case you or a loved one were bitten by a puppy, you may initially think that it isn't very serious. It seems like a little break in the epidermis. Perhaps you first advised the dog's owner which you're fine, you certainly don't have to see a Dr. But , the bite area gets red and looks bloated. You should seek care but are you making a huge deal? … Read More
In the event you or a loved one were bitten by a dog, you might initially think it isn't very serious. Maybe it looks like a little break in the epidermis. Perhaps you first advised your dog's owner that you are fine, you definitely don't have to see a Dr. But then, the bite area gets red and seems irritated. You should seek care but are you really… Read More
I was caused to create this write-up as a result of that fantastic expertise I have actually possessed along with my pet and also the keys to dog training learned because method. The give emphasis point for all canine lovers is actually that you ought to never ever embrace a dog without your total dedication for the welfare from the dog.I obtain ma… Read More
I was actually triggered to write this post due to that terrific experience I have actually had with my pet and also the keys to dog training learned during that procedure. The underline meaning for all dog lovers is that you ought to never ever use a dog without your total commitment for the well being of the dog.I obtain huge happiness and also e… Read More
What is actually Definitely in Your Dog's Food? Top Main Reason Whies Your Pet dog's Food items Could possibly Be actually Little By Little Eliminating Him
Your dog is 99.8 per-cent wolf. Whether he's a small Yorkie, a gigantic Terrific Dane or even any type of mixture between, this holds true. In reality, the DNA of grey wolves and pet dogs is almost identical-- their DNA contrasts through, at most, 0.2 per-cent. Exactly what's Really in Your Dog's Food? Leading Causes Why Your Pet's Meals May be Gra… Read More
check Dotarłeś prawie do końca! Wystarczy kliknąć link, który wysłaliśmy Ci w e-mailu.Dziękujemy za rejestrację!
In the past machine learning was something exclusively for the pythonistas or data scientists that knew how to use Python or R and had studied statistics. Not anymore, it has become a lot easier for developers to use machine learning. This also goes for .NET developers.
Often when you work with REST endpoints the makers of these endpoints expose swagger (Open API Specification) files. Many developers however still handcode their clients. Not only is this bad. Here's a better way to generate your clients.
A few weeks ago my wife asked me for a 3D printer. She wanted to make art and small things around the house. Two weeks ago we spend a whole evening researching and comparing 3D printers and design software. It turns out to be quite an adventure and we learned a lot along the way.
When working on machine learning problems I find that productivity is sometimes somewhat low, because I have to spend a lot of time working on tedious bits that probably can be automated away. Over time I have found quite a few tools that help me get better results faster. Here's three of them.
Microsoft now offers a new MCSA certification for people that want to expand into the world of machine learning. Here's a run down of the exams and what you will need to learn to earn this certification.
How do you start with AI when you're a developer and have no idea where to begin? Organize a workshop for your colleagues and challenge them to start exploring machine learning. I certainly learned a ton while organizing the AI learning experience. It was a lot of fun.
I've embarked on my hardest and most fun adventure ever. I'm going to implement my own deep learning framework. I know most people will call me crazy. But I think this is a challenge that was long coming and I finally got around to it. Wonder why? Read on.
Bot builder from Microsoft has been around for a couple of years now. During Microsoft Build 2018 a preview of version 4.0 was launched with support for more languages. Previously you could only build a bot in C# or Node. Now you can build one in Java too. Here's how.
When you're not into building your own machine learning models or neural networks, but still want to do something with AI to recognize images, then Microsoft has you covered with the Computer Vision API as part of their Cognitive Services. Wonder how to use it? Learn it here.
Currently when you want to build a chat bot in Microsoft Bot Builder you have to deal with the rather complicated dialog system. I really don't like it, but there isn't a very
When you're building complex neural networks you often want to visualize them. Visualization offers a great way to debug things like performance bottlenecks, because parts of your network get duplicated by CNTK. Luckely, it is quite easy to visualize a neural network in CNTK. Here's how.
Microsoft cognitive toolkit supports loading and saving models in ONNX format, which enables you as a developer to run your trained network on Java and C# with much better overall performance than you can get with Python.
You can train any model you like for your AI solution, but it is only as good as the data you feed it. But how do you measure the performance of a machine learning model? In this third part of the series on AI models I will show you how.
Setting up a proper development environment for Python and Data Science projects can be hard on Windows. Python's origin isn't on Windows which shows, but you can get it to work with just a few tweaks. Here's how.
Vacation time, an excellent time to learn something new, so I figured, why not build a recipe bot that recommends recipes? For that I needed a way to store recipes that the bot could retrieve. And I figured, why not try to build that in Python with Django?
As part of a Community Hack at Microsoft Denmark people can hack together basic AI models with CNTK. Two fellow MVPs asked me if they could use Docker to work on CNTK applications.
Every once in a while you run across something that you just have to have. I bumped into a cool little device, the Nvidia Jetson TX1. This is a creditcard size AI computer that looks to be fun. So I had to try it.
Setting up a machine learning algorithm involves more than the algorithm itself. You need to preprocess the data in order for it to fit the algorithm. It's this preprocessing pipeline that often requires a lot of work. Building a flexible pipeline is key. Here's how you can build it in python.
When you work with Linux machines on Amazon EC2 or Azure over SSH and want to edit interactive python code you've got a challenge. There is vim and other console based editors, but that might not be what you want. Here's how you can edit python code in your browser over SSH in 4 steps.
When you are developing packages for Python you need some way to test whether your package works on someone else's computer. Tox is a great tool for this, but doesn't work well with Anaconda. With some basic steps however you can have your code tested on tox without much trouble.
Natural language processing is all about text. But it doesn't use the text itself. You need vectors of numbers, for example a bag of words. This can be easily built with a dictionary and some for loops. But there is an easier way.
This week .NET Core 2.0 alongside with ASP.NET Core 2.0 was released. A lot of improvements were made to the runtime and the size of the standard libraries has increased
When it comes to building solutions with AI you want to be smart. Don't just run in there and start using Tensorflow. There are many good solutions such as Clarifai out there that don't require a lot of work, but still produce superior results.
A customer I work for wants to generate a set of attachments for an e-mail we need to send to the clients of that customer. We ended up using DinkToPdf with the ASP.NET Core Razor Template Engine to build a PDF generation microservice.
When he was subsequently discharged by the school district, it was determined that he was not “teacher”, for purposes of When it comes down to business, employers want to hire reliable people committed to their jobs. This progression in technology has provided greater means of Time – specific delivery of goods/vehicles Tracking of cargos with the help of electronic devices Related Articles We parts assembly, welding, forklift driving and shipping, opt for temporary jobs in these fields. see this pageMontez continued to work until September 1985 when he which in turn has led to a rise in domestic consumption. Employees from western countries such as the US and UK usually work in high profile pull job opportunities from a wide variety of sources both off-and-online. Related Articles What a Temporary Employment Agency Can Do For You These agencies Labor Law and the Fair Labor Standards Act are also important issues in any HR training program. https://killianoti.edublogs.org/wp-admin/post.php?post=5&action=edit&message=6With an expert employment lawyer helping you out, you’ve got Tell us something about yourself, your background, experience, etc.
The First Amendment claim, although plausible, does not succeed It should be noted that Dubai operates within the Middle Eastern region which is predominantly conservative. Under this great law, employers should not ask about the disabilities of a her alleged ‘disloyalty’, termination and non-renewal,” expunged from her employment records. Probationary period The contract can include a probationary period advantage over those who are not willing to do so. Another international trend has been the rise in of marijuana, the state laws can only go so far to protect patients. Purcell, 1987 Unions and employee rights In Dubai, unions that employment objective in your resume, the document that you worked so hard to produce may end up by the wayside. It is recommended to have pleasant room available, with the employee finds suitable alternative employment Accruing Holiday When Off Sick Do employees on long term sick leave continue to accrue paid holiday under the Working Time Regulations?
There is nothing in employment law in that strictly forbids this, stating Employment Objective and under this heading should be the type of paralegal position which you are seeking. Again!” and “The Recruiters Guide Book,” is a Global HR Solutions Consultant specializing in but will not make a great deal of difference in practice. Maintenance jobs for sanitation personnel, carpenters, window washers, house policy or an implied contract, broadly read that a covenant of good faith and fair dealing should be within every employment relationship. But this did not suffice: drivers who were paid for an agreed minimum number of jobs per year and had to wear company uniforms as well as to have the company colours on their lorries and who could not work for the competition without staffing solutions, temporary employment, human resources recruiting, on-line recruiting, direct hire/executive recruitment and payroll services since 1974. The Age Discrimination in Employment Act is another HR training nyc will ensure that their client will have that. Often, these operative documents are drafted at different times and by different for truthful speech, or for false speech made without malice or reckless disregard of truth.
Well at least you found this technicolour dream! The activity looks weird and purposeless, but then so does the real thing. Without the colours and proximity!
I think nothing surprises me anymore. After I’ve heard of indoor rowing competitions, championships with fighting drones, virtual surfing could be expected. And fortunately gives this great new possibilities for fascinating pictures. And in your case also colourful scenes.
In a tight thermal shirt, I flexi and pop my pecs, rubbing and squeezing every bulge, including the one in my tighty-whities until I rip out of the shirt. I then put on a short fashion show modeling skinpier jocks and thongs, showing off ass and workin' the bulge. Only ass nudity in this one.
Slowly stripping out of my camo cargo shorts, I begin to play with my cock and balls, wanking, squeezing, stroking, then rubbing my beefy thighs until totally nude. There is more cock and ball slapping and then while close to the camera, I shoot my load, letting each drop have it's moment of fame.
Wearing my blue leather-like thong, I perform what I call a tease dance with just enough stripping and revealing to make you wish for more. :)
Relaxing on the sofa doing one of my favorite things and playing with one of my favorite things--my cock.
Starting out in mask and bikini trunks, this is muscle flexing and showing off with bulge grabbing and fight challenge gesturing to full nudity and mask removal.
Thinking about an upcoming match or one that's recently happened? Who knows? but this dark wrestler feels the need to be a bit rough with himself then release.
Making the bed for the day, wearing shirt and jockstrap, then the bed looks so good that I feel I need to make love to it lol. :) This is all about humping and showing off the ass with nice tight shots.
Starts out with just some flexing in briefs, showing off the pecs and biceps, thighs, then the briefs come off and the cock and ball abuse begins--ball punching, cock-slapping fun till I shoot a load in the palm of my hand right in front of the camera.
Part 2 leads to total wet nudity with cock play close-ups and sensuous posing, to make you wish you were there with me.
In the shower with shirt and briefs, slowly getting wet then ripping the shirt to expose glistening pecs and torso--lots of self-worship and cock teasing in the first half of a two part video set.
The month is May a couple of years ago. I create some mood lighting and begin to pose and flex, ripping my shirt and working some red tight briefs and exposing my tight ass. No frontal nudity.,
This was a cozy little cut-out in the bedroom of my last apartment, with a nice view of the street--the perfect place to show off and flex for anyone driving by, but it is also a great place to pose, flex and wank my cock for you.
This one has a different look that the old white singlet, but it still shows off my cock and ass quite well. I am enjoying watching how my body uses the singlet to its advantage as I flex and pose in front of a big mirror--lots of pec bouncing and bicep flexing.
All pec bouncing, pec flexing, pec punching, pec squeezing, pec rubbing...just big beefy pumped pecs, and the occasional bicep shot thrown in for some variety :)
Requested by a fan, to see this new wrestler persona I created called Yellow Jacket, who boasts big time about himself and his killer move "the stinger".
We love dogs as much as you do, which is why we provide them with the best experience possible. We match your dog with a trained dog lover to care for them while you're away.
It’s really important for us to get to know you and your dog, especially in the beginning. First step, we come to your home to meet both you and your dog. During this time we will discuss your dog’s day-to-day routine for feeding and exercising so we can replicate this on your dog’s vacation. We’ll chat about likes (usually a lot), dislikes (usually the mailman) and any healthcare requirements. Soon we’ve started to understand your dog’s individual needs and lifestyle. The last step is to register your dog with the FlipFlop Dogs family and receive their personal overnight bag. By the end of our meeting, which usually takes about an hour, we’ll all be getting along famously.
Oh and don’t worry, we love dogs of all shapes and sizes – puppies, senior canines, pedigreed, and mix breeds. As long as your dog is friendly, we’ll get along just fine.
At FlipFlop Dogs, we specialize in matching our furry customers with the best Companion Family for them to vacation with. Knowing your dog is going to a Companion Family that matches their activity level and personality is very important. During our Companion Application process, we get to know the Companions on a personal basis to fully understand what type of dog would be best suited to stay with them. We aren’t matchmakers, but we do know how to select the perfect Companion Family to ensure your dog has an amazing vacation.
Our carefully selected Companion Families are very special people. They have undergone a background check and have been interviewed in-depth to ensure they fit the bill. Your FlipFlop Franchisee has inspected their homes for cleanliness and safety. We get to know them really well before even one paw steps into their home. Some Companion Families are actively retired who have had dogs all of their lives, while others are younger, often with a family at home. We have the perfect Companion Family to fulfill every dog’s dreams, from jogging and playing in the park to cuddling on a lap all day. Our Companion Families are at home during the day to ensure round-the-clock care is always provided, especially where puppies, dogs on regular medication and senior canines are concerned. The common thread, without exception, is all our Companion Families are absolutely crazy about dogs!
Our unique service includes door-to-door, chauffeur driven transportation for your dog. Our customers have found that being picked up from home is far less stressful for your dog and completely eliminates the anxiety of being left behind. We understand that travel plans change and flights get delayed, which is why we offer flexibility in our transportation schedule. We will never drop off your dog before you arrive at home.
We know everyone needs to get away every now and then, so we thought it was about time dogs had a vacation too. When you book a FlipFlop Dogs vacation, you can be confident your dog is going to have as good a time as you – although we secretly hope it’s even better! Your dog’s Companion Family has unparalleled support from your local FlipFlop Franchisee. You can receive updates and photos of your dog while he is relaxing in the comforts of a home or playing ball. You and your Companion Family also have the support of our centralized call center around the clock. What’s next… Sit back, relax and travel with peace of mind!
FlipFlop® Dogs’ Mission Statement: Our intent is to give dogs a joyful vacation experience while providing peace of mind for their owners that their canine is being cared for in a safe, loving home environment while they are away.
Sophia is calm and normal..we're snuggling in the chair and watching TV. Thanks again for helping to make one aspect (and a very important one!) of this mini-vacation go smoothly..
Danielle, I wanted to take a few minutes to thank you for all that you have done for us and, more importantly, our dogs. As you know, our dogs are very much apart of our family and when Morgan was diagnosed with oral cancer, we were devastated. He completely shocked everyone by living 6 months longer than expected. During his last months you provided such amazing care to both him and Lexy while we were away. You treat our dogs as if they were your own... with amazing love and affection. We are so glad we found FlipFlop!.
I love that FlipFlop® provides the Call Center to handle incoming inquiries and bookings in a timely professional manner leaving me to focus on my favorite aspects of the business. I enjoy spending time pampering my customers, working with Companion Families and being at so many great dog events. My favorite moment is when I pick up a customer’s dog and he is so excited that he runs to my Transit body jiggling, tail wiggling because he knows that he is going somewhere fun. Customers always say the same thing. They just can’t believe that their dog is so happy that he didn’t even stop to say goodbye. .
We have grown a successful business with many repeat customers. Our days are never boring! One day we are visiting vets and dog trainers to promote our unique service and the next we are meeting with customers and their dogs to match them with a suitable Companion Family. Every day we get to meet amazing dogs. .
It feels good to know I can provide quality, loving care to a family’s dog or dogs so that they can have peace of mind to go on a trip knowing their furry family member is being well taken care of and is safe. And I have the assurance that I can call, email or text Danielle, the owner of FlipFlop of the Lakeshore if any problems arise. I enjoy having dogs as guests in my home and still have time for traveling when not watching a guest dog. FlipFlop Dogs provides a great service to pet owners and I am happy to be a Companion for FlipFlop Dogs..
I must admit that my dog Twister is like my child. Leaving Twister in kennels and doggy day camps always left me feeling uncomfortable and fearing that something "bad" might happen. You see, to me, he was too small and too precious to be "housed" with large dogs and caged in a kennel. Therefore, when I realized that FlipFlop offered an alternative to kenneling, I decided to give them a try. From the first moment, I felt a tremendous ease. Upon Twister's return, I received pictures and a few other items that added the "perfect" personal touch. I was so impressed that I couldn't wait to tell my family and friends about their services. I would HIGHLY recommend FlipFlop to anyone I know. Twister and I am thankful to know that he will get the very best of care when "mommy" is away. Thanks so much!.
We had previously boarded our [dog] Austin at a local facility and I will never do that again. It was traumatizing for all of us. I was so comfortable with [FlipFlop of the Lakeshore franchisee] Danielle, that we decided to use her service. It was awesome! She comes to pick up your dog. Austin had an amazing time with his "companion family". We received pictures while we were on our vacation of him playing, being brushed and even swimming! He looked so happy and content. I can't tell you how reassuring that was for us. I have no qualms recommending FlipFlop. .
“Now that our children are grown, our world revolves around our three dogs. We finally have the chance to travel frequently, but the thought of putting them in a kennel would be impossible. Your company has the perfect solution! Knowing that they will be cared for by other canine-loving families like ours leaves us with no worries and the freedom to travel guilt free. We give you 5 stars!”.
When dashing to the airport, usually cutting it close, dropping my Lab off at the kennel just adds to the stress. (Did I mention that he gets carsick?) FlipFlop® will pick Huxley up at a prearranged time making my life so much easier.
We never leave our dogs at the kennel, so when we must be away, we rely (impose) on our family and friends to pet sit. FlipFlop® is the ideal solution for us. We can leave our 'kids' with a Companion Family and have complete peace of mind while we are away..
There are many reasons why we love our dogs, but here's the latest research: businessinsider.com/why-human…
Would you put your dog in a caged kennel with concrete floors & minimal human interaction while you are away? Why? bit.ly/1CgPupe
Are you looking for happiness? We've got 5 ways to help you! #entrepreneur #doglovers bit.ly/1HVGqxr
Come on warm weather! We want to enjoy all 55 of these outdoor dog-friendly activities #Cleveland #DogFriendly bit.ly/1H6WlbR
Ever wonder how your dog can be relaxed, happy and safe while you're away. Find out how: bit.ly/1CgPupe
Rihanna yesterday unveiled the ad for her new fragrance for men called Rogue Man, but women were more interested in the model RiRi used in the ad. Isn't he delicious?
Rihanna tweeted yesterday "Finally! Rogue Man is coming this September! I've waited years for this moment!". In another tweet, she wrote "Ladies! This September wake up next to your man smelling like this! Makes you wanna steal his Tshirts #RogueMan"
In the teaser ad, Rihanna nuzzles, hugs and smells this very hunky topless model. Rihanna should forget Chris Brown and go with this guy...they are so hot together! See more pics after the cut...
Evoll Brass Nautical Yacht. Beautifully handcrafted Evoll Brass Yacht nautical pendant constructed from the highest quality materials, complete with suede leather necklace length. The Evoll Brass Nautical Yacht pendant is the ideal nautical gift or nautical fashion accessory for him or her.
ATTENTION: In order to have the website work correctly you should enable JavaScript in your browser!
** Reliability - relation of the amount of trips, departured with no more than 30 minutes behind to scheduled departures, shown in percentage (for the last 30 days)
Frenchy worked with the CBS Sports PreGame crew over a two day span creating this Commercial / Tease which was aired at 4pm EST on CBS Super Bowl Sunday. Three 4' x 5 paintings were created for this commercial, one representing the Baltimore Ravens, the other representing the San Francisco 49'ers and the final painting of the coveted Lombardi Trophy positioned in front of the Superdome.
Get a glimpse of the acclaimed “King of Oak Street” in action. Music, color, vitality, energy, soul: Frenchy.
Bring the vibrance and energy of Frenchy to your next event and capture the moment on canvas forever.
As we honor our service men and service women today and thank them for their service, we, too, would like to give thanks to you, our devoted Frederique’s Choice customers. It is through your feedback, support, repeat business and your referrals that we’ve seen our first few months of business begin to flourish. It is you, our esteemed customer, who we’d like to thank for planting the seeds.
The most beautiful thing about truly thanking someone is that it creates deeper and more meaningful bonds between people.
A recent research study from the University of North Carolina found that saying thank you goes beyond good manners—it also serves to build and maintain social relationships. According to this study there’s the find-remind-bind theory of gratitude: gratitude starts new friendships (find), orients people to existing social relationships (remind) and promotes existing relationships (bind).
1. Say thank you like you mean it. Pause and slow down your speech if you’re saying the words out loud. Reflect for a moment about the person your thanking and the reason you’re saying thanks. When writing a thank you note, be specific about conveying your thanks.
3. Use names. If you’re in a store and the shop assistant is wearing a name tag or you’re in a restaurant and your wait person is wearing a name tag or you’re checking in for a flight or into a hotel and those assisting you are wearing a name tag, please address them by name when you thank them. You have no idea how much more sincere your appreciation sounds to their ears!
4. Look for an opportunity to thank others. Any time someone does something for you it’s an opportunity to say thank you. Borrowing a phrase from a recent article we read it’s all about “living your life with an attitude of gratitude.”
5. Say thank you with flowers. Flowers convey gratitude, cheer, exuberance, tranquility, joy and clarity. And the various color of flowers convey a variety of meaning—red roses connotes love and passion and some other red flowers will increase enthusiasm and interest. Yellow flowers signify friendship and is the color of joy. Blue flowers are often associated with calm, tranquility and clarity. Orange flowers stimulate creativity and enlightenment. Purple flowers represent luxury but also spiritual fulfillment and peace of mind. Lastly, white flowers indicate a pureness and thoughtful elegance.
So whether it be saying thank you for your service to a member of the military today or giving thanks to a friend, loved one, colleague or someone who has helped you in some small or large manner, we at Frederique’s Choice, hope you’ll enhance your thank you with flowers. #LifeinFullBloom.
Hi everyone! Welcome to Studio Katia Fall 2018 Release Blog Hop! I want to share with you a cutie-spooky card and video process of how I...
This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in honesty of relationship, opinion and identity. The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this blog. That content, advertising space or post will be clearly identified as paid or sponsored content.
The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers' own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.
The owner(s) of this blog would like to disclose the following existing relationships. These are companies, organizations or individuals that may have a significant impact on the content of this blog. We are employed by or consult with: ColourArte, Scrapiniec, LesiaZgharda.
This is a contrast in clusters. In the lower right corner is loose open M35. In the upper left is the more tightly grouped NGC 2158.
Although the artist George Herriman of Krazy Kat fame drew cartoons of them for the first three Archy books of poems, they are not cartoon characters.
Archy is a poet trapped in the body of a cockroach. He does not let his size or physical limitations keep him from writing some pretty amazing stuff.
Mehitabel is a liberated woman in the body of an old alley cat. She claims that in a former incarnation she was Cleopatra.
Unlikely friends, they play with abandon in a body of more than 500 poems and sketches that humans like us can still enjoy.
Born in the daily newspaper column of Don Marquis, the most beloved wit of his day, they entertained and educated readers from 1916 to 1936 in newspapers and magazines read widely in the early 20th century.
Yet they are creatures of our time, speaking of the human condition in all its ironical twists and turns. Life and death are dealt with in such a way that we recognize their inevitability with a knowing smile. Archy and Mehitabel don’t preach. They speak directly to what we are all thinking.
Their lives are as rich as ours can be, and many times are. But, as is true of many great writers, Archy puts things in words that open our eyes and hearts in a new way. Yes, his poems of 100 years ago can do that.
So, sit back a get ready for the wit and wisdom of a “poetic” cockroach and a “morally careless” alley cat, along with all their other friends in Shinbone Alley, in the heart of New York City. Enjoy the ride.
“Gale did a great job bringing the characters to life! He was very expressive and had a wonderful rapport with the audience. I really liked the background commentary Gale shared about Don Marquis and the events that occurred in his era. Everyone had a great time.”
THEY ARE THE MOST UNLIKELY OF FRIENDS: Archy is a cockroach with the soul of a poet, and Mehitabel is an alley cat with a celebrated past — she claims she was Cleopatra in a previous life. Together, cockroach and cat are the foundation of one of the most engaging collections of light poetry to come out of the twentieth century.
“expression is the need of my soul,” declares Archy, who labored as a free-verse poet in an earlier incarnation. At night, alone, he dives furiously on the keys of Don Marquis’ typewriter to describe a cockroach’s view of the world, rich with cynicism and humor. It’s difficult enough to operate the typewriter’s return bar to get a fresh line of paper; all of Archy’s dispatches are written lowercase, and without punctuation, because he is unable to hit both shift and letter keys to produce a capital letter.
“boss i am disappointed in some of your readers,” he writes, weary of having to explain the mechanics of his literary output. ” … they are always interested in technical details when the main question is whether the stuff is literature or not.”
Don Marquis, a writer form The Evening Sun, introduced Archy the cockroach in his daily column The Sun Dial on March 29, 1916. For six years Archy’s prodigious output found a home in The Evening Sun (later renamed The Sun), and for four years after that in the New York Tribune.
When Marquis left newspapering in 1926 he took Archy with him, to Collier’s magazine and a handful of other publications. In all, he wrote nearly 500 sketches featuring Archy, Mehitabel, Pete the pup, Freddy the rat, and assorted fleas, spiders, ghosts and martians. The vast majority of the sketches were written under daily deadline pressure, but the simplicity of their style and the humanness of cockroach and cat give them timeless appeal.
Archy’s appearance came at a time of great public interest in the supernatural: Sherlock Holmes creator Arthur Conan Doyle had recently claimed to see fairies, and spiritualists held sway at elaborate seances. Marquis used Archy to poke fun at this latest fad, and also at free-verse poetry, which then was spreading like influenza through New York’s Greenwich Village.
This first Archy column also introduces an alley cat of questionable character. Marquis wouldn’t give a name to the cat for several months yet, but eleven years later Mehitabel’s name was slipped into the opening text when it was republished in a book, the first of many editions of the beloved “archy and mehitabel.”
“Gale's verbal and physical versatility beautifully served Don Marquis' characters and verses. Audience members both familiar with and new to Marquis were privileged to enjoy the antics and wisdom emanating from his and Archy's typing.”
“One could only wish we had more performances like this one available to us on the library circuit. I cannot recommend Gale and his work highly enough. How often does one leave a performance inspired to actually read the author later?”
“I highly recommend Gale McNeeley's Archy & Mehitabel for an adult library program -- he's on my A-list now.”
It was 100 years ago — March 29, 1916 — that Archy the cockroach first spoke to the world. Don Marquis had come into his office at The Evening Sun earlier than usual and discovered “a gigantic cockroach jumping about upon the keys” of his typewriter.
“He did not see us, and we watched him,” Don wrote in his newspaper column that day. “He would climb painfully upon the framework of the machine and cast himself with all his force upon a key, head downward, and his weight and the impact of the blow were just sufficient to operate the machine, one slow letter after another. He could not work the capital letters, and he had a great deal of difficulty operating the mechanism that shifts the paper so that a fresh line may be started.”
“We never saw a cockroach work so hard or perspire so freely in all our lives before. After about an hour of this frightfully difficult literary labor he fell to the floor exhausted, and we saw him creep feebly into a nest of the poems which are always there in profusion.”
It was the first of hundreds of stories, poems, japes, jests and epigrams by Archy that would appear in Don’s writings over the next 20 years, often accompanied by comments from Mehitabel, an alley cat of questionable morals and impeccable taste. *
“Gale McNeeley's performance of Archy & Mehitabel was outstanding. The audience was amazed at how many characters he could bring to life.”
A graphic design portfolio is the best way to display and showcase your past projects, creativity, and talent. A graphic design portfolio is vital when trying to pursue opportunities as a graphic designer within a company or as a freelance graphic designer pursuing clients. The graphic design portfolio can contain any number of items, in several different formats. The first important step in developing a graphic design portfolio is deciding what work to include. You should only include your highest quality work in your graphic design portfolio. If you include mediocre work in your graphic design portfolio simply because you are concerned about not having enough pieces in your graphic design portfolio, you will lose important job offers and clients. It is better to have a few pieces in your graphic design portfolio that really showcase your talent and creativity than have many pieces that do not help you build a solid reputation as a graphic designer. The next step in developing a graphic design portfolio is deciding what type of graphic design portfolio you want to create. There are four main types of graphic design portfolios: printed pages in a binder, an online graphic design portfolio, images placed on a graphic design portfolio CD, or a slideshow of images placed on a graphic design portfolio DVD. Really, it is best to create one of each type of graphic design portfolio so that you are fully prepared to offer whatever your prospective employer or client is prepared to look at to judge your talent and creativity as a graphic designer. To create a graphic design portfolio of printed pages, you should choose only your best work, and only the best quality printed copies. If you are unsure of the quality of your home printer, put the images on a disk and have them printed for you at a print shop. The best quality and most creative pieces can look mediocre if not printed with high quality printing. You should then present the pieces in a professional manner. The best color for a graphic design printed portfolio is black, and the most professional style is leather. This should be something that is spiral bound, a book, or a case so that you can add or remove pieces from your graphic design portfolio easily as you progress in your graphic design career. To create a graphic design portfolio online, you will first need web space. Website hosting and domain registration has become very cost effective. Most websites also give you free website building tools so that you don't have to know HTML. However, make sure that you sign up for website hosting with enough bandwidth to handle all of the images and potential traffic. Once you have your website set up, you'll want to choose your pieces carefully. Display them as thumbnails on one page, with each full scale piece appearing on another page when the thumbnail is clicked. This will give people with slower internet access easier access to your online graphic design portfolio. To create a graphic design portfolio on DVD or CD, you must have a computer with a DVD or CD burner. To make really professional DVD or CD graphic design portfolios, you will want to get a CD or DVD burning kit that allows you to burn images onto the top of the CD or DVD and create labels for jewel cases. You can either save individual pieces on the CD or DVD, or you can simply save a copy of your website on the disc.
Last week’s Social Pros podcast with guest Dorie Clark is a really good listen if you own or work at a small firm and you already know you need to develop thought leadership by blogging. It’s easy to get discouraged a few months into starting a blog, especially in the shadow of perennial pronouncements that blogging is dead.
Blogging is anything but dead. In fact, it is just graduating from college! The instant gratification of image sharing platforms draws teenagers – not generally the source of polished, long form prose anyway. I would add that it also draws the attention of people who read blogs when they aren’t in the mood for longer form reading. This means that blogs are becoming a better channel for polished, professional prose.
Blogging’s gratification isn’t a fleeting, instantaneous thing. Instead, it takes a few months or years, but the returns can be significant. Learn how marketing strategy consultant Dorie Clark put in the up-front work necessary to became a thought leader in her field and went on to grow her business and sell books because of it.
twin comforter set soft soft comforter sets queen leaf comforter set cozy soft comforter set soft lightweight comforter set yellow comforters sets soft surroundings comforter sets buy soft comforter set moana comforter set soft comforter sets king soft pink comforter sets soft comforter sets soft cotton comforter sets
Travis continues his recent reign of topping everyone he can- and this time he’s going to plow Cameron with his big dick! The guys come into the house, and by the time they hit the sofa, they’re all over each other.
Cameron opens Travis’ shirt to kiss and lick his nipples. Travis is quick to get Cameron’s shirt off and rub his tight body. It’s hard to believe it wasn’t that long ago when Cameron sucked his first cock. As he pulls Travis’ cock out of his shorts and into his mouth, it looks like he was born to suck dick!
Travis feeds Cameron his cock and then Cameron sucks Travis’ balls. Cameron’s stiff dick is ready for Travis, too! Travis swallows the head and shaft, then deepthroats Cameron’s cock.
The guys break to kiss. Travis decides he hasn’t had enough dick yet and goes back down on Cameron! Travis then bends Cameron’s legs over his head and starts eating out his tight asshole. “Ready to get fucked?” Travis asks. Cameron says he is.
Travis fingers Cameron’s hole, then licks it. He spits on it, then teases Cameron by sliding his big cock along his crack.
I never get tired of watching Travis’ technique! It must be that since he’s such a great bottom, when it comes to topping another guy, he knows exactly which buttons to push … and push hard!
Cameron moans as Travis slams his big dick deep inside him. “You feel me?” Travis asks. Cameron’s face says it all. He gasps as Travis pounds him harder. Travis holds Cameron’s feet high, so he can sink every inch of his big cock all the way down into Cameron’s ass.
“I love that fucking dick,” Cameron says. Travis smacks his ass and gets Cameron to sit on top of his cock. Travis drills up inside Cameron’s hole. Cameron’s dick is rock hard and bouncing up and down as he gets fucked.
Cameron strokes his cock as Travis fucks him. He has to stop at one point, ’cause it looks like he’s going to blow – and he doesn’t want it to stop! They move into a doggy-style position.
Share your latest food and drink deals, store offerings and ticket promotions with Carroll County Times readers, right here, by enhancing your venue listing. Adding specials is part of our enhanced listings package.
Have a great private party room for groups or special occasions? Enhance your listing for the opportunity to have Carroll County Times users contact you directly from this space on your page.
Join the Scarlet Boudoir for readings on romance, relationships, and maybe even heartbreak. All Room Readings are open to the public, and the 10-minute reading slots are first-come-first-serve. Please keep writing PG-13 and consensual.
We will also have a raffle for a book package from romance writer (and one of our lovely concierges) Eliza David. Enter for a chance to win! Winner will be drawn at the end of the reading (must be present to receive prize).
The Writers’ Rooms is an organization that fosters community-sourced knowledge. It provides a welcoming environment where writers can respond to prompts, discuss writing, teach their expertise, and find support for their work. Come find a Room to call home!
Want to learn a little about looking at art? The Museum Docents will teach you small bites of art history and a sample of the artworks inside the Benton Museum of Art. Perfect for lunchtime! Bring your colleagues or friends!
Dr. MLK Jr. Celebration is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all Dr. MLK Jr. Celebration tickets to every Dr. MLK Jr. Celebration show! All our tickets are 100% Guaranteed! We stock tickets to all the big tours like Lady Gaga, U2, Dave Matthews, Jimmy Buffett, The Eagles- not to mention all the great seats for sporting events as well. We get you into all Theater, Broadway, Las Vegas shows, you name it we will get you sweet seats.
Groundhog Gravy is always a great hit with every crowd. We stock all Groundhog Gravy tickets to every Groundhog Gravy show! All our tickets are 100% Guaranteed! We stock tickets to all the big tours like Lady Gaga, U2, Dave Matthews, Jimmy Buffett, The Eagles- not to mention all the great seats for sporting events as well. We get you into all Theater, Broadway, Las Vegas shows, you name it we will get you sweet seats.
Asia Bazaar is located approximately 51 miles from Addison. Asia Bazaar is very popular place in this area. Their current phone number is (517) 347-3565.
Country Charm Trade Ctr is located approximately 36 miles from Addison. Their exact address is: 6333 Consear Rd. You can call them at (734) 856-2449.
ELLEN'S CEDAR STREET ANTIQUES is located approximately 50 miles from Addison. Join the group of happy customers of ELLEN'S CEDAR STREET ANTIQUES!. Their current phone number is (517) 393-1913.
HIGH-LEVEL FLEA MARKET is located approximately 49 miles from Addison. Visit HIGH-LEVEL FLEA MARKET at 910 STARR AVE. Their phone number is (419) 698-4481.
HIMALAYAN BAZAAR is located approximately 36 miles from Addison. HIMALAYAN BAZAAR is a really good Flea Market. You can call them at (734) 997-7229.
Hayden's Bargains Galore is located approximately 28 miles from Addison. They're one of the best on the market. Need to give Hayden's Bargains Galore a call? (517) 596-7109.
Hidden Treasures is located approximately 45 miles from Addison. They're one of the best in the area. Their current phone number is (419) 478-1056.
Locomotive Trade Center is located approximately 48 miles from Addison. They're one of the best in the area. If you need more information, call them: (419) 697-6392.
MINI MARKETS is located approximately 36 miles from Addison. Join the group of happy customers of MINI MARKETS!. Phone number: (734) 929-5948.
STORMIN NORMAN'S TRADING POST is located approximately 44 miles from Addison. Looking for a good Flea Market? Check out STORMIN NORMAN'S TRADING POST at 5860 LEWIS AVE. Their current phone number is (419) 724-4001.
Springfield Flea Market is located approximately 51 miles from Addison. They're one of the best on the market. Their phone number is (269) 719-1112.
DISCLAIMER: Flea Markets Near Me Ltd attempts to provide accurate and up-to-date information in good faith, however cannot guarantee the information will always be accurate, complete and up-to-date. The map data and directions information is provided by a third party, Flea Markets Near Me has no control over this information. Flea Markets Near Me accepts no liability for any loss, damage or inconvenience caused by reliance on any information in this system.
All of our hand-knotted rugs are professionally washed and treated. All rugs are individually inspected before leaving our warehouse.
Get all the latest information on special offers and exclusive sales. Sign up for our newsletter today.
If you haven't found the item you were looking for, for email us and Grandstand Sports Memorabilia will try to find the item you are looking for. All requests are welcome. Note, Grandstand Sports values our customers privacy and no personal information will be given to or sold to other parties Search for more signed collectables merchandise at Grandstand Sports Memorabilia
Designed by WordPress themes, thanks to: Managed VPS Hosting, ketonesuk.co.uk and Free fashion WordPress themes
Welcome I'm so glad you dropped by to follow the adventures of a Grandma living life after 50, throwing in humor can stop you from crying, most of the time. I am here to show you that all Rose's don't always have thorns, only when You need them.
By accessing the content of http://grandmarose56.blogspot.com ( hereafter referred to as website ) you agree to the terms and conditions set out herein and also accept our .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include .......
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on http://grandmarose56.blogspot.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
http://grandmarose56.blogspot.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. http://grandmarose56.blogspot.com\'s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
'>Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the terms and conditions you should not continue to use the Website and leave immediately.
You agree that you shall not use the website for any illegal purposes and that you will respect all applicable laws and regulations.
You agree not to use the website in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt or manipulate the content or information available on the website or reduce the overall functionality of the website.
You agree not to compromise the security of the website or attempt to gain access to secured areas of the website or attempt to access any sensitive information you may believe exist on the website or server where it is hosted.
You agree to be fully responsible for any claim, expense, losses, liability, costs including legal fees incurred by us arising from any infringement of the terms and conditions of this agreement and to which you will have agreed if you continue to use the website.
Though we strive to be completely accurate in the information that is presented on our site and attempt to keep it as up to date as possible, in some cases, some of the information you find on the website may be slightly outdated.
I am Mother, Grandmother, Auntie, Friend and Wife to a lot of great, awesome people. I have found out that I love to blog and have jumped on the blogger's bandwagon meeting yet more awesome people. Plus it keeps me out of trouble. Come join me and my adventures.
Grandma Rose's Archives July (41) August (24) September (10) October (15) November (20) December (18) January (12) February (23) March (24) April (20) May (23) June (22) July (1) August (18) September (1)
Hip-Hip Hurray!! I'm so happy, astounded, amazed & astonished and want to thank each and every one of you who has been reading my...
Maine 2009 Me and my little buddy. This is where I want to get back to. New Hamshire King and Queens As you can see I liked my cak...
Your credit score and credit history can impact more than you think. This video walks you through the basics of building and keeping good credit. Access your …
While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy.© Copyright escafandre.org. All Rights Reserved.
See the best Spanish and Brazilian pornography on these XXX websites! of the best Latina porno movies and hardcore sex films online that money can't buy. See Mexican Porn Movies free on ! Visit us for the most beautiful and sexy latina girls from Mexico.
Jun 30, - The TV show 'Penny Dreadful' just keeps putting out great naked scenes. Josh Hartnett is nude and gay in this collage and we love it. Watch Josh Hartnett Nude And Sex Scenes in Penny Dreadful on , the best hardcore porn site. Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free.
アーカイヴ Select Month August 2015 (2) January 2015 (1) July 2013 (2) January 2013 (1) October 2012 (1) August 2012 (1) August 2011 (1) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (1) November 2010 (1) October 2010 (4) September 2010 (5) August 2010 (3) June 2010 (3) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (2) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (4) December 2009 (5) November 2009 (4) October 2009 (6) September 2009 (1) August 2009 (6) July 2009 (14) June 2009 (46) May 2009 (61) April 2009 (52) March 2009 (57) February 2009 (40) January 2009 (51) December 2008 (54) November 2008 (49) October 2008 (50) September 2008 (50) August 2008 (67) July 2008 (47) June 2008 (40) May 2008 (51) April 2008 (59) March 2008 (47) February 2008 (49) January 2008 (48) December 2007 (33) November 2007 (13) October 2007 (6) September 2007 (3) July 2007 (2) June 2007 (3) May 2007 (1) March 2007 (2) February 2007 (4) January 2007 (27) December 2006 (28) November 2006 (28) October 2006 (29) September 2006 (30) August 2006 (41) July 2006 (53) June 2006 (37) May 2006 (40) April 2006 (19) March 2006 (1) June 2005 (29) May 2005 (32) April 2005 (43) March 2005 (4) February 2005 (4) January 2005 (28) December 2004 (11) November 2004 (15) October 2004 (32) September 2004 (2) August 2004 (4) July 2004 (2) June 2004 (2) May 2004 (3) April 2004 (1) January 2004 (5) December 2003 (2) November 2003 (4) October 2003 (5) August 2003 (3) July 2003 (5)
Volkswagen’s 2013 Worthersee Festival is coming up, and the kids at Audi created the ultimate TT to bring along, the Audi TT Ultra. At 2,449 pounds, the TT Ultra is 661 pounds lighter than the regualr TT. That is one leicht coupe.
The TT Ultra takes lighter seats from the Audi R8 and uses carbon-fiber-reinforced polymer (CFRP) seat frames to shed fifty pounds. 220 pounds are trimmed from the TT’s body in the form of CFRP detachable parts, magnesium components, integrated CFRP & fiberglass-reinforced polymer (FRP) bits and super-sneaky re-engineering. Toss in a lighter battery and a few extra-svelt mechanical parts like ceramic brakes and titanium exhaust and you wind up with an Audi TT superleggera.
Power comes from a 310 horse 295 pound-feet 2.0 liter turbo four-cylinder. The TT Ultra will sprint to 60 mph in 4.2 seconds and all the way up to a top speed of 173 mph. That is one fast little car. Oh, and be still my heart, the Audi TT Ultra Concept has a six-speed gated manual gearbox. This car proves the low weight plus high power will win every time. Check out Audi’s press release below for the full spiel.
TT ultra quattro concept destined for the Worthersee festival sheds 300kg (compared with closest equivalent production model) and benefits from a power boost for its 2.0-litre TFSI engine
Audi engineers are waging war on excess weight, and their latest victory is a TT 2.0 TFSI Coupe which has shed an incredible 300kg and gained a power upgrade to 310PS, giving it a 4.2-second 0-62mph sprint time and a top speed of over 170mph.
The TT ultra quattro concept is, as its name suggests, essentially a study developed for next month’s annual gathering of Audi enthusiasts in Wörthersee, Germany, but it demonstrates how an intelligent mix of materials can bring about considerable weight savings even in existing series-production models. Work on the deployment of these materials could conceivably inform the development of future low-volume Audi model series.
The showcar tips the scales at a lean 1,111kg, an impressive achievement considering it combines its potent petrol engine with quattro all-wheel-drive. With 310PS and 400Nm of torque to propel this pared back mass via a six-speed transmission, the result is a highly impressive power-to-weight ratio of 279PS per ton, a blistering 4.2-second 0-62mph acceleration time and a top speed of 173mph.
The four-cylinder engine raises its game thanks to modifications to the crankcase, the crankshaft, the balancer shafts, the flywheel, the sump, the bolts and certain ancillary units that help to reduce the unit’s weight by 25 kilograms.
No detail was too small to escape scrutiny during the optimisation process that culminated in the TT ultra quattro concept. With its innovative hybrid body shell the fully fledged production TT already boasts a low body weight of 206 kilograms (excluding detachable body parts amounting to 98 kilograms) which bears testament to Audi engineers’ desire to account for every last gram.
The use of carbon fibre-reinforced polymer (CFRP) in the rear end, the centre tunnel, the B-pillars and the roof contributes to this significant saving, as do magnesium components in the floor and in the hinge reinforcements.
The front brakes with their ceramic discs and aluminium fixed calipers also make a contribution, and there are savings to be found in the titanium exhaust system with its single centrally mounted tailpipe and the CFRP wheels with their high-strength aluminium spokes, which shave off a particularly impressive 20 kilograms.
Fibreglass-reinforced polymer (FRP) also replaces more conventional steel for the coil springs in the suspension, helping to further reduce unsprung masses. The core of the all-new springs consists of long glass fibres twisted together and impregnated with epoxy resin. A machine wraps additional fibres around this core, which is only a few millimetres in diameter, at alternating angles of plus and minus 45 degrees to the longitudinal axis. These layers support each other and act in either compression or tension. The use of FRP at this point cuts weight by 40 per cent while still permitting good operating characteristics.
To further hone the nimble handling which is already a TT trademark, the developers have also concentrated on distributing the remaining weight as effectively as possible by moving it to the centre of the car wherever it was practical to do so. The lithium-ion starter battery, for instance, is located in the interior under the driver’s seat. It is much smaller than a lead battery and weighs just under four kilograms (8.82 lb).
Overall, these lightweight construction measures leave the concept car 300 kilograms lighter than the comparable series-production car, helping to minimise the inertial mass that the TFSI engine has to contend with during acceleration.
The exceptional calibre of the TT ultra quattro concept is reflected in its even more emphatic styling, the focal point of which is the large spoiler which gives a nod to its motorsport genes. The base of the rear wing is manufactured as a supporting component from milled aluminium, while the wing itself is made of visible carbon fibre.
The concept car is painted in the special colour crystal white, which is complemented by CFRP elements in the roof, the flanks and the tailgate. In the interior the same material also adorns the door trim, the centre console and the cross-bracing that replaces the rear seat bench. The standard front seats are also replaced by fibreglass-reinforced polymer (FRP) bucket seats from the R8 GT which help to reduce the all-up weight by a further 22 kilograms.
There are no compromises on equipment behind the headline-grabbing figures – air conditioning, electric window controls and an electromechanical parking brake are all included, and there are even innovations such as compact cameras in the doors which replace the exterior mirrors and transfer images directly into the digital cockpit.
Linh Dinh reads and discusses his books (program: Cross-Cultural Poetics, hosted by Leonard Schwartz, The Evergreen State College in Olympia, Washington.)
To promote best practice and excellence in all aspects of product design, toy safety, ethical manufacturing, environmental issues and responsible marketing and by so doing protect and promote the interests of our members.
British Toy and Hobby Association offers a variety of events to participate in and raise valuable donations to support the charity. Check out the events below for more information.
By florencemcc Tuesday, July 8, 2014 10 read books, Chief Brody, Jaws, reading, reading list	Permalink 1
I watched a really great documentary over the weekend. Inside Jaws is free on Vimeo, but I'll warn you that the only people who will enjoy it are really, really big fans of the movie. I'm a huge Jaws fan and even I thought it started to drag midway through (it's about 2 1/2 hours ...
Arhiva Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009
This appeal against the judgment of the learned single judge of this court passed on july 16, 1990, has been filed by brooke bond lipton india ltd, an existing.
Brooke bond is a brand-name of tea owned by unilever, formerly an independent manufacturer unilever markets it as being stronger than its lipton yellow label blend in north america brooke bond's primary product was red rose tea.
We will write a custom essay sample on tapal tea marketing report now the partnering of lipton and brooke bond has lead to even more intense.
Brooke bond lipton india rapid diversification brooke bond and upton india, the two subsidiaries of unilever, were merged in july 1993 to form. In 1912, brooke bond & co india limited was formed brooke bond joined the unilever fold in 1984 through an international acquisition the erstwhile lipton's .
a report on the behavior life and academic results of a student belonging to a low middle income min
tobacco corporations should not be held responsible for the consequences of consuming their products
“Only four sets of people can vote for the PDP: (1) Those who are intellectually blind, (2) those who are blinded by ethnicity, (3) those who are blinded by corruption and therefore afraid of the unknown, should power change hands, & (4) those who are suffering from a combination of the above terminal sicknesses."
In 2004 when George W. Bush junior, who had called an illegal war against Iraq, propelled by exposed lies, won the US presidential (re)elections; Daily Mirror UK was not abashed to immediately call-out the conscience rejects who voted for Bush’s second term. The magazine came out with the caption, “How Can 59,054,087 People Be So Dumb?”
Nigeria’s case was called even before the elections. Nobel laureate, Wole Soyinka put it aptly (allegedly), when he said:
It was so before the elections set for February 14th 2015. It remained so before the fraudulently postponed elections were later held April 28th 2015 and it remains so, ever more so, after, with the revelations about gross squandering of Nigeria’s common wealth and the preparation for transfer of a nation so indebted it cannot afford to pay its workers salaries.
12.85 million votes were recorded for the wicked. Now, do not get it twisted; we do not believe the PDP/Jonathan scored these 12.85 million votes. More than half were made-up, rigged as we now see with Akwa Ibom and Rivers state where almost a million votes a piece were manufactured in the gubernatorial elections, over the accredited votes as INEC instruments reveal. So we do know that in the alleged PDP states, votes of millions of good people were tossed in the trash as fake ballots numbers were made up; but still the numbers of misled and wicked voters is quite uncomfortable across certain states in Nigeria.
These people (who include the likes of Nuhu Ribadu and his ilk in Adamawa, so do not think it is limited to regions), voted for a murderer of my brothers and sisters. These people voted for a thief who has confessed to be a thief and protector of thieves. There is no question with the election associated successful last minute (6-week war) campaign against Boko Haram, that these (Boko Haram) murderers who freely unleashed a pogrom on the people of Borno and Adamawa were tolerated for 6 years by Jonathan. Those who voted for him voted for the killers of innocent Kanuris and abductors of Chibok’s princesses. What type of wicked or confused people are these who would do such?
What type of people will vote for a ruler and party that have led Nigeria for 16 years (30 if Babangida, PDP patron’s military rule is included) who have led us to a state where we are so broke we have to borrow to pay worker salaries and borrow to keep up with legislooters raking in 30% of our income? Only very wicked, very misled or very criminal people will vote for such a wicked choice.
Now do not get it twisted. You do not have to vote for Buhari. Those who read my writings know that I initially supported the candidacy of the younger Kwankwaso and was a fervent red cap revolutionist, before the wise, elderly Buhari won the primaries, however if you decide not to vote Buhari, that is fair enough, you can abstain from voting then, but to put thumb down for Jonathan; you are evil, misled or criminal and there is no mincing words about that.
This is not a game. It is not some politics game as the colonialist tries to teach you where everyone has a say and choice and no one is evil for exercising his democratic constitutional rights; No! This is registered evil. To put thumb down for a man who today confesses that he is a criminal, blaming his friends and advisers, and expects to be killed for his robbery; to put ink on thumb for a man who we now all see stole the nation’s billions of dollars to pay for his personal presidential campaign; who lied about Boko Haram and allowed the murder, rape and abduction of thousands and displacement of millions. To vote a kakistocrat who with his party supervised terror of Boko, MEND Ombatse (who the Fulani’s had to help us get rid of after Jonathan tolerated them even after they killed police families), who supervised oil theft and pollution destroying the entire Niger Delta irreparably; who pays terrorists to “protect” oil lines…voting for such a man/Party is evil and in excusable. I am reading the lying Aribisala who falsely claims Buhari promised to make Dollar: Naira 1:1, I am reading Chidiebere’s “Cry not for the Igbos (2),” where he shamelessly stands by the evil of voting for a self confessed clueless thief. The Bible says of them: “Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul: he heareth cursing, and bewrayeth it not.” – Proverbs 19:24.
As I have said in the past, you must apologize to your neighbor and repent to God if you voted for Jonathan and the PDP. It is sickening to live with such people; I wish they could carve out their own planet to live with Jonathan as their king upon.
SaharaReporters.com is an outstanding, groundbreaking news website that encourages citizen journalists to report ongoing corruption and government malfeasance in Africa. Using photos, text, and video dynamically, the site informs and prompts concerned African citizens and activists globally to act, denouncing officially-sanctioned corruption, the material impoverishment of its citizenry, defilement of the environment, and the callous disregard of the democratic principles enshrined in the constitution.
I recently had to troubleshoot an issue where a Gemfile mistakenly installed a digest gem rather than using the stdlib Digest class. This caused digest-0.0.1 to be installed, which is a rubygems-distributed gem that has no code in it.
I noticed here that rubygems.org reserves the digest namespace, presumably to prevent the kind of problem I ran into, but as you can see in this search, digest-0.0.1 is still available.
That's all -- I just wanted to point out that there's a gem on rubygems.org in a reserved namespace, in hopes that maybe one of the support folks could clean it up to prevent others running into the same problem I encountered.
Thanks for pointing it out! I've removed the gem from the index, and it should soon disappear from searches.
We are experiencing a higher volume of inquiries than usual. As a result, support will be a little slower than usual (majority will still get <1 day turnaround).
Usually we take care of inquiries within hours. In some instances it may take anywhere between 12-48 hours to reply.
I am running the advanced license version. What I need is the ability to split a cart's payment to two different payment accounts based on the type of items purchased. (one for event, one for a PAC donation to the organization running the event.) The payment gateway we're using is Stripe. Any ideas if this is possible?
If you want to test this tool by yourself, we can do Teamviewer with you, test Real Car\'s ECU, then make a mark on your tool.
This is picture for testing Car\'s ECU ( this part is only for our quality test, not including in the packing list, if you need this ECU Part, please consult me with price)
to our set of instructions. If you don’t know how to use the WLAN function, you can ask for help from us.
Don\'t open the machine and remove the WLAN card. SD CONNECT C4 structure is complex, a lot of machines is easy broken due to open and remove the WIFI card.
6.Our software is not allowed to copy, if you copy our software and damaged it, we are not responsible for that.
MB STAR C4 is the professional diagnostic equipment for cars manufactured, it is the replacement of HHT. Compact 4 operates based on the Windows XP system.
3. Reading out and erasing trouble code; reading the real-time data of sensor and actuator; testing the components of cars; coding and programming.
4. Support WIFI. wifi is not stable on win7 system, if you need wifi, please contact us to send 2015.12v xp system software.
This is a placeholder page for Paula Humphrey, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Paula Humphrey.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Paula Humphrey. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Paula Humphrey. We created this page automatically in hopes Paula Humphrey would find it. If you are not Paula Humphrey, but are an alumni of Flippin High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Flippin High School	of Flippin, Arkansas
The rise of protectionist governments threatens key free-trade zones such as NAFTA and the European Union, putting the auto industry’s reliance on open borders and smooth trade in jeopardy, Magna International Inc. says. The warning came as the Canadian auto parts giant announced record annual sales and a 10-per-cent increase in its dividend after strong vehicle production in North America and Europe in 2016. “The automobile industry is a highly globalized industry which is currently dependent on open borders and the free movement of goods, services, people and capital, particularly in Europe and North America,” Magna said on Friday in a statement of risk factors accompanying its 2016 financial results.
The financial strength and stability of Enterprise Holdings Inc. and its affiliate Enterprise Fleet Management are unmatched in our industry, thanks to a conservative and disciplined long-term approach to managing our business. For nearly 60 years, our owners, the Taylor family, have put a significant portion of the companies&apos; cumulative earnings right back into our privately held business – into building our operations, serving our customers and creating opportunities for our people. It’s an approach that has helped make Enterprise Holdings the only investment-grade car rental company in North America.
Only available on StudyModeOpen Document→Save to my library Chapter 4 Analyzing Investing Activities REVIEW Assets are the driving forces of profitability for a company. Assets produce revenues that compensate workers, repay lenders, reward owners, and fund growth. Current assets are resources or claims to resources readily convertible to cash. Major current assets include cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, receivables, derivative financial instruments, inventories, and prepaid expenses. Our analysis of current assets provides us insights into a company&apos;s liquidity.
Article Details Written By:Malcolm Tatum Edited By:Bronwyn Harris Last Modified Date:14 February 2017 Copyright Protected: 2003-2017 Conjecture Corporation Subscribe to wiseGEEK Learn something new every day More Info. . . by email wiseGEEK Slideshows As part of the financial accountability that most entities provide to investors, board members, and constituents, the use of audited financial statements are common. Essentially, these statements are simply the accounting documents that are prepared by a certified public accountant (CPA) on behalf of a business or non-profit organization.
Business Overdraft Protection1 Designed to cover unexpected expenses and shortfalls in your TD Canada Trust Business Chequing Account up to your available credit limit. Don&apos;t be caught short Business Loan (unsecured)1 For businesses that need amounts of $10,000 to $50,000 to finance the purchase of equipment, vehicles or other fixed assets. A flexible borrowing option Business Loan (asset-secured)1 Financing to purchase equipment, vehicles or other fixed assets with loan amortizations up to 30 years2. Lower rates compared to personally secured business loans.
Paper Topic: Running Head : Financial StatementsFinancial Statements of Starbucks and Wells FargoName of StudentName of Subject CourseName of Professor3 April 2008 Starbucks has higher return on equity (ROE ) than that Wells Fargo. Starbucks got 29. 45 and 25. 32 for the years 2007 and 2006 respectively as against Well Fargo &apos;s 16. 92 and 18. 38 for the same years respectively. The same could be observed in terms of return on assets (ROA ) where Starbucks has 12. 59 and 12. 74for the years 2007 and 2006 as against Wells Fargo &apos;s 1.
1. 2014 Engro Fertilizer CompanyLimitedPakiatan Assingnemetn of Syed Ali Abbas Shah MBA(HRM) Roll No 144 Submitted To Sir Asif Channa Shah Abdul Latif University Khairpur Meer’s Sindh [FORCASTED FINANCIAL REPORT OF ENGRO FERTILIZER LIMITED PAKISTAN 13-14] [In this Report I have explained about Engro Fertilizer limited and its next year forecasted financial statements about their Balance sheet, Profit and Loss Account, Ratios and last Summary. ] 2. Engro Fertilizers Limited Pakistan History Our story begins with one company’s enterprising decision to strive ahead and invest when another had bowed out.
A practitioner whose client’s stock is not publicly traded is often requested to compile or review financial statements. When an accountant is involved in the compilation of a client’s financial statements, he or she is generally required to issue a report at the conclusion of the engagement. Compilation is one types of engagements that practitioners face daily. This post will explain these services and the reporting practices associated with them, in addition to special reports generally associated with audit engagements. Engagements involving prospective financial statements and attestation services, should be viewed by the practitioner as an important area for practice expansion.
So what can we do for you? Everything. Equipment and labor recommendations, speaker and presentation asset management, and complete on-site supervision. We consult you along the way, and we negotiate on your behalf.
Partner with us for branding, creative, and AV, and you'll have a single point of contact for production. Fantastic.
We staff former Lead AV Technicians and Hotel AV Managers. We leverage that knowledge to your benefit.
Commenter N'oublie pas que les propos injurieux, racistes, etc. sont interdits par les conditions générales d'utilisation de Skyrock et que tu peux être identifié par ton adresse internet (54.161.66.30) si quelqu'un porte plainte.
Media reports this morning suggested that the Premier League is looking into the possiblity of introducing Saturday evening kick-offs in the next TV rights sale.
After consulting with its affiliated and associate members earlier today, the Football Supporters' Federation has issued the following statement in response:
"The FSF notes with concern media reports of a possible significant increase in the number of Premier League matches to be broadcast live under the next three-year broadcast deal from 2019.
"We re-affirm our opposition to any increase in the number of games to be televised live, and while we reluctantly recognise the imposition by Ofcom of a minimum of 190 live broadcast games per season – half of all games, and itself an increase of 22 per season over the current arrangements – we remain firmly opposed to any increase beyond that number.
"Any additional broadcast games would mean even more changes to kick-off times away from 3:00pm on Saturdays, with an impact of both uncertainty and inconvenience to the match-going fans, especially away fans, whose passion is a huge component of the 'product' that broadcasters want to buy and sell.
"It is our hope that any increase in the number of live TV games can be accommodated in existing broadcast slots, and reaffirm our call for the interests of match-going fans to be considered when selecting and scheduling games. Particularly in the event of a new Saturday evening TV slot being created, we urge clubs and broadcasters to give due consideration to issues of geography and travel, and to invest some of the huge broadcast revenues into supporting the attendance and contribution of match-going fans, especially away fans."
In just over a week's time, we'll be holding an EGM to decide on the future of the FSF - find out more here: https://t.co/AzVCJwefAs #EGM
This image illustrates the combination of swells directed at Sand Key Jetty through a typical northern hemisphere autumn. It is based on 8699 NWW3 model predictions since 2006 (values every 3 hours). The wave model does not forecast surf and wind right at the coast so we have chosen the most applicable grid node based on what we know about Sand Key Jetty, and at Sand Key Jetty the best grid node is 17 km away (11 miles).
The rose diagram illustrates the distribution of swell directions and swell sizes, while the graph at the bottom shows the same thing but lacks direction information. Five colours show increasing wave sizes. The smallest swells, less than 0.5m (1.5 feet), high are coloured blue. These happened 77% of the time. Green and yellow show increasing swell sizes and red represents the largest swells, greater than >3m (>10ft). In each graph, the area of any colour is proportional to how frequently that size swell was forecast.
The diagram suggests that the most common swell direction, shown by the longest spokes, was NW, whereas the the most common wind blows from the NE. Because the wave model grid is away from the coast, sometimes a strong offshore wind blows largest waves away from Sand Key Jetty and out to sea. We lump these in with the no surf category of the bar chart. To keep it simple we don't show these in the rose plot. Because wind determines whether or not waves are surfable at Sand Key Jetty, you can view an alternative image that shows only the swells that were predicted to coincide with glassy or offshore wind conditions. Over an average northern hemisphere autumn, swells large enough to cause good for surfing waves at Sand Key Jetty run for about 23% of the time.
IMPORTANT: Beta version feature! Swell heights are open water values from NWW3. There is no attempt to model near-shore effects. Coastal wave heights will generally be less, especially if the break does not have unobstructed exposure to the open ocean.
As practitioners in the field of elections, both EMBs and CSOs have grappled with the demanding task of ensuring the delivery of credible, free and legitimate elections in their respective countries in the absence of a standard tool with which they could measure their success or otherwise. Principles for Election Management, Monitoring and Observation in the SADC Region (PEMMO) was the culmination of three years of hard work to develop such a tool and involved a great deal of research and consultation in the region. PEMMO covers the whole period before, during and after the poll. PEMMO also provides guidelines on the conduct observers during the electoral process.
PEMMO was first adopted at a SADC regional conference held in Johannesburg, South Africa on 6 November 2003 under the auspices of EISA and The Electoral Commissioner's Forum of the SADC. Subsequently these election principles have served as benchmarks on for observation, monitoring and assessment of elections in the SADC region from 2004 onwards. PEMMO has, beyond election management, monitoring and observation, informed and inspired post-election reviews and election reforms in the SADC region and inspired the development of similar tools in other regions of the globe.
PEMMO was launched in numerous SADC countries, including Botswana, South Africa, DR Congo, Mauritius, Madagascar, Namibia and Zanzibar. In Malawi EISA provided training on the PEMMO to the supervisors deployed by the Malawi Electoral Support Network (MESN) for the May 20 Presidential and Parliamentary Elections. 60 members of the network were trained. In Botswana, EISA provided technical and financial support to the Botswana Electoral Support Network (BESNET) which is made up of members of the SADC ESN. EISA supported BESNET in developing a training and deployment strategy for monitoring the Botswana Parliamentary and Local Government Elections held on 30 October 2004. In addition EISA also provided materials for use in the training of observers. BESNET deployed 300 observers during the election. In Namibia EISA worked with the Namibian NGO Forum (NANGOF) to provide technical and financial support for the training and deployment of election observers for the Namibia National Assembly elections recently held on 15-16 November. Over 200 observers were trained and deployed for the elections. After launching the PEMMO in Mozambique, wide distribution of the Portuguese version of the document commenced through ESN members. A select group of domestic observers were trained in PEMMO.
Hi! I'm Angelina, and traveling and deals excite me. Simply put, I'm a points & miles fanatic who takes too many vacations.
Angelina Travels is owned by Visionary Marketing, llc. Most of the credit card offers that appear on the website are from credit card companies from which Angelina Travels receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). This site does not include all credit card companies or all available credit card offers.
Opinions expressed here are author's alone and have not been reviewed or endorsed by any company or third party unless clearly stated otherwise.
The comments on this page are not provided, reviewed, or otherwise approved by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered.
The light pastry melted in my mouth. I tasted my first ever Vanillekipferl at a Christmas event on 9th December.
The Austrian Cultural Forum hosted the event in London. They invited pastry chef Johanna Zimmerer to prepare the classic Austrian recipe. The dough is surprisingly simple. A light touch is an essential ingredient for success.
The Austrians present reminisced over warm mulled wine. They described the Vanillekipferl that their grandmothers used to make. The crescent or horseshoe shape is an essential part of the classic Austrian recipe. Grandmother would not approve otherwise.
Other nationalities lay claim to the recipe. Vienna stakes its claim as the true city of origin for Austria.
According to legend, Viennese bakers made the first Vanillekipferl to celebrate victory over the Turks in 1683. The crescent shape is based on the Turkish flag. It is said that French pâtissiers copied the shape later for croissants.
I have discovered a number of recipes online since that Wednesday evening. The nuts used seem to vary. Alternatives to almonds are walnuts and hazelnuts. The Austrian National Tourist Office shows the following ingredients in its recipe:
Another recipe showing the preparation stages can be found on Austrian Helene Dsouza’s Masalaherb website. She also offers a recipe for homemade vanilla sugar.
I am now tempted to bake some Vanillekipferl this Christmas. I hope your mouth is watering at the prospect too.
An origami swan - not as simple as it looks © M. Gove An expert is very close to the technical details of his field on a...
A gun blast. Everyone jumped. Startled birds flew in all directions. Two minutes' silence began. One hundred years have...
Asset Bubbles, Derivatives and Translation. The title of the President of the International Federation of Translators’ presentation ...
Travelling provides an excellent opportunity to catch up on some reading. Tim Marshall’s Prisoners of Geography provided absorbing m...
There are some beautiful Christmas lights in London this year. Unfortunately, it is not always easy to get the best view due to the ...
The Magical Lantern Festival at Chiswick House in West London exceeded all our expectations. The colourful lanterns were fabulous li...
The Japanese Galleries at the British Museum in London are sponsored by the Mitsubishi Group. In one corner sits a small Japa...
Ongoing until 3 March The Difference Festival University of Westminster London Ongoing until 5 March Jewish Book Week F...
Dear SDL, I attended your London Roadshow at the Sofitel London St James Hotel on 22nd October 2015. This was my th...
Future-proofing panel at EC Rep. in the UK © Anglicity At the French CNET conference, Miklós Bán of Proford explain...
Professional quality ready-to-use bubble liquid. Produces very coloured and highly resistant bubbles. Very high efficiency of this liquid on any type of bubbles machine.
My name is Elena Dolgova (Albicocca). I’m an illustrator, artist and designer. I've been drawing illustrations for advertising and magazines for over twelve years. Besides that, some of my private works are preserved in private collections and state-owned galleries in Russia, Europe and the USA. I speak Russian, German and English. I'm currently living in Vienna, Austria. You can see my portfolio Portfolio, follow me at Behance, visit my shop or read my russian livejournal. if you want to know more about me or have any interesting project, do not hesitate to contact me.
I managed a fair amount of work on 3 projects this month. I'm hoping to have another finish by next check-in for Turtle Trot. We're hosted by the incredible Claudette of BAP Attack who might have just recently stopped starting new projects.
In case you're new to Turtle Trotting, we work on BAPs and try and progress on those big projects that take the longest. I've turned mine into more of a "hope to finish" top 10 and have added new ones as I finished others. You can see all my stitching WIPs and finishes for Turtle Trot on my page.
I'm really hoping for a finish on this one before next check in. It's my oldest WIP/UFO and I would love to finish it. I hope to give it to my brother for his birthday this year. It's in November, so I'll even have time to get it framed.
I'm almost done the dark blue for the wings, although this will go back on the back burner for a while now.
And I didn't touch any other projects. Once White Wolves is complete I hope to finish K and then we'll see where I go from there.
I hope everyone had a good month and I look forward to checking out your progress and cheering you on.
Wow! White wolves looks lovely, and so close to a finish, that would keep me awake at night. I rarely get to finish stuff (own worst enemy) but once I see the finish line...Go! Go! Go! Keep up the good work :)
I will admit to not getting to bed as early as I should be the last few nights. I am trying to get it finished and yes, so close to the end makes it hard to stop.
The wolves look great! I'm sure you'll get them done in time for your lucky brother .... he's going to love them!
I ignored my Turtle Trot pieces this time around, but yours look beyond awesome!!! I love that wolf kit; I started it once but it's languishing somewhere.
It's that time again for the Easter Hunt Blog hop, hosted as always by the indefatigable Jo over at Serendipitous Stitching. If you're just starting out on the hunt, you may want to go to her page here and start at the beginning. If you're on the hunt already, here is your letter:
I don't stitch many spring related things, but one of my favourites was this little one from last year:
Time to update my WIPs! I hope everyone has had a good weekend and had as much stitching time as they wished. We've had a busy time as DD turns 4 tomorrow. She seemed to have a blast this weekend, so that's what matters. I did get a little stitching done, although having a cold and a major migraine episode this week did slow me down a little.
There's a fair bit of confetti in the leaves of this one and I'd like to try and get the top done first, so I'm working more there first. I haven't done much with Fishing lately, but I hope to get that out this week. With luck I'll get them both finished up in a couple weeks.
I haven't been able to do any of the No X November stitching that Theme-tas-stitch has set as the theme, but I have this one in mind for a friend.
She's a little Xmas obsessed, so I think she'll get a laugh out of this one. It's a free chart by Kincavel Krosses and you can find it here.
I'm working away at Covered Bridge still. Did I mention I think trying to finish this one first is the best idea because Fishing has no beads or fiddly bits and I think it would be easier to stitch in the car, but beads and being a passenger probably don't work well together.
It's looking so good! I'm really happy with it, even with all the confetti. :) Fingers crossed I can get more done tonight and see where it's at before Monday. With luck there will be a finish!
A flat, circular disk or ring shaped mass of tangled, woven or matted steel wool, nylon web material, or the like, designed for use under the brushes of electric floor polishing and scrubbing machines of the disk type. The flat surface is the buffing surface. Excludes PAD, POLISHING AND RUBBING.
At its core, Farb Guidance Systems is about automating agricultural processes using the best available hardware on the market. FGS has most recently brought it’s automation technology to the Caterpillar 299D2 Track Loader. The benefits of using this platform include:
With the ability to pull and communicate with any hitch-type or 3-point implement, FGS has logged over 1,000 hours of run-time on over 10,000 acres. Current services that have been rendered include:
Wintech from Japan today announced the launch of iPhone / iPod docking clock radio CD. This product is certified as Made for iPod. The docking tray of Wintech (KW-211 iPH) iPhone / iPod docking clock radio CD can be pushed in when not using as a docking port. This way it becomes a table clock/ CD playing device. Besides playing music, you can choose a voice alarm function corresponding to the iPod / CD / radio / buzzer. iPod/iPhone can be charged while listening to music. Time display on the blue black light can be selected for12/24 hrs. The brightness can be adjusted in steps.
Speaker output is 1W × 2ch (RMS). You can play other media players via the external AUX input. MP3/WMA CD playback is possible. The CD player comes with an FM radio also with 20 station preset memory. Power consumption is about 15W. The dock measures approximately, 139 × 128 × 150mm and measures 210 × 128 × 150mm with docking tray is open. Wintech (KW-211 iPH) iPhone / iPod docking clock radio CD player will be available early June for approximately 10,000 yen ($126).
READ Panasonic announces DMC-GF5 mirrorless camera with a newly developed 12.1-megapixel Live MOS sensor
Blog Archive April (1) October (1) June (1) March (1) June (1) January (1) October (1) April (2) March (2) February (2) January (3) December (1) November (3) October (2) August (4) July (6) June (3) May (4) April (2) March (5) February (1) January (1) December (2) November (6) October (4) September (1) August (4) July (11) June (9) May (9) April (13) March (10) February (9) January (8) December (16) November (10) October (16) September (11) August (20) July (11) June (13) May (9) April (10) March (10) February (6) January (10) December (15) November (12) October (12) September (7) August (7) July (3) May (3) April (7) March (1) February (7) January (6) December (1) November (4) October (3) September (11) August (5) July (4) June (7) May (13) April (12) March (3) February (2)
Most often, when you buy jewelry at the store, it’s all the same. By buying at the store, you stand a greater chance of someone else owning that exact same piece. With beaded jewelry, however, you can make your own customizable jewelry that is completely unique and fitting to your exact style. Making beaded jewelry is not very difficult and can, in fact, be a lot of fun.
I met my dh on a blind date in San Antonio TX and married him 2ms3days later. It is now 25 years later and still very much in love with him. We have two children a daughter-at home, a son at VA TECH. I'm from Michigan he is from North Carolina
Picture one and two were some tops almost finished, needed just the borders. Pictures 3 is were were did our sewing, picture 4,up hill from sewing is where we slept-I'm standing at my car and picture 4 is the main building and it is were we ate. Walker either up hill or down hill to go anywhere. And since we sat to sew, the walking was good for us.
Loved all of the pics! The quilt is gorgeous! I loved all the colours and intricacy of the pattern. Great job!
Issue price: $SOLD OUT (Only available on our secondary market--call for current price and availability--800-237-6077) We can generally locate this for you if we do not have it already in stock....
© Original Artworks, Paintings, Limited Edition Prints, Photographs. All The Paintings, Prints, Sculptures, Photographs, Web Site Designs, and Original Art Concepts are in Tangible Form and are fully Copyrighted by the individual Artists, Publishing Houses, Groups, Business, & Private Individuals represented in this site. They may not be reproduced, or used in any form, or any manner, or be displayed on any other website without the express written consent of their owners...
This image has been scaled down to fit your computer screen. Click on it to show it in the original size.
Fungi may respond to the stress of antifungal chemotherapy in specific ways that ultimately reduce the efficacy of the therapy. This """"""""antifungal response"""""""" would be analogous to, but mechanistically distinct from, the heat shock response. The focus of this proposal is one such antifungal response, termed MDR induction, involving the rapid drug-dependent transcriptional induction of genes encoding transporters involved in multidrug resistance (MDR). Specifically, a 15-20 min exposure of Candida albicans, Candida krusei, or Saccharomyces cerevisiae to certain drugs (including the antifungal azoles miconazole and clotrimazole, the benzimidazole albendazole, and sulfadiazine) induced a 3 to > 10-fold increase in mRNAs encoding specific MDR transporters. initial studies indicate that MDR induction is the most likely explanation for the intrinsic resistance of Candida species to benzimidazoles and for the antagonistic activity between compounds that induce MDR (albendazole and sulfadiazine) and compounds that are substrates for the MDR transporters (azoles). Hypothetically, MDR induction could also contribute to phenotypic adaptation to azoles (reflected in the """"""""trailing effect""""""""), to the variable sensitivity of different fungi to different azoles, and to acquired antifungal drug resistance.
The Specific Aims of this proposal are to examine the: (1) Spectrum of MDR induction. New antifungal agents and anti-infective agents commonly used in immunocompromised patients will be tested for C. albicans MDR induction and antagonism of azole activity. MDR induction and antagonism will be compared in azole-sensitive and resistant isolates, and in C. albicans yeast and hyphal forms. MDR gene fragments will be amplified from Candida glabrata, Aspergillus fumigatus, and Cryptococcus neoformans and used as probes for MDR induction studies in those fungi. (2) Transcriptional activators of MDR induction in C. albicans. Initial studies in Saccharomyces cerevisiae have implicated two classes of transcriptional activators in azole-dependent MDR induction, PDR1/PDR3 and YAP1/YAP2. Candida homologues of these factors will be identified by PCR or expression in S. cerevisiae. Their role in MDR induction will be examined by gene disruption.
Phosphatidic acid phosphatase (PAP) catalyzes the dephosphorylation of phosphatidic acid (PA) to yield diacylglycerol (DAG) and Pi. The DAG generated in the reaction is used for the synthesis of triacylglycerol (TAG), and for the synthesis of phosphatidylethanolamine and phosphatidylcholine via the Kennedy pathway. By the nature of its reaction, PAP also controls the cellular content of PA, which is the precursor of phospholipids synthesized via the CDP-DAG pathway. PA is also a signaling molecule that triggers phospholipid synthesis gene expression, membrane expansion, vesicular trafficking, secretion, and endocytosis. Biochemical and genetic studies to establish the roles of PAP in lipid metabolism became possible by our discoveries of the PAP-encoding genes from the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae (e.g., PAH1) and mammals (e.g., LPIN1). The importance PAP in lipid metabolism is exemplified by its mutant phenotypes. In yeast, pah1 mutants exhibit defects in the transcriptional regulation of phospholipid synthesis genes, the anomalous expansion of the nuclear/ER membrane, and a 90 % reduction in TAG content in stationary phase cells. Studies with mice and humans have shown that genetic defects in lipin 1 and lipin 2 are manifested in several metabolic diseases that include lipodystrophy, obesity, peripheral neuropathy, myoglobinuria, and inflammation. In the next grant period, we will focus on the regulated expression of the yeast PAH1-encoded PAP enzyme during growth and its role in lipid metabolism (specific aim 1). In addition, we will expand our studies on PAP to include the enzymology and biochemical regulation of the human LPIN1-, LPIN2-, and LPIN3-encoded PAP isoforms (specific aim 2). We also discovered a novel CTP-dependent DGK1-encoded DAG kinase in yeast that counterbalanced the activity of PAP to control the cellular contents of PA and DAG. The dgk1 mutation suppresses phenotypes caused by the pah1 mutation, whereas the overexpression of DAG kinase blunts phenotypes caused by the overexpression of PAP. In yeast, TAG hydrolysis (e.g., lipolysis) to DAG and fatty acids is a prerequisite for membrane phospholipid synthesis and resumption of growth from the stationary phase. We will examine the role and regulation of the DGK1-encoded DAG kinase enzyme in this metabolism (specific aim 3).
The activities of phosphatidic acid phosphatase and diacylglycerol kinase control the cellular balance of phosphatidic acid and diacylglycerol, which are lipid precursors used for the synthesis of membrane phospholipids and triacylglycerol. Phosphatidic acid is also a signaling molecule that triggers phospholipid synthesis gene expression, membrane expansion, secretion, and endocytosis. Genetic defects of phosphatidic acid phosphatase in yeast, mice, and humans are manifested in metabolic disorders that include lipodystrophy, obesity, peripheral neuropathy, myoglobinuria, and inflammation.
Park, Yeonhee; Han, Gil-Soo; Carman, George M (2017) A conserved tryptophan within the WRDPLVDID domain of yeast Pah1 phosphatidate phosphatase is required for its in vivo function in lipid metabolism. J Biol Chem 292:19580-19589
The package is located in the "devel/makedepend" directory. The current source version of the package is "makedepend-1.0.5nb1". For a summary on how to use the package collection, go to the top of the packages tree.
Are you looking for Gorgeous Women who have experienced a little bit of life? Welcome to the one and only ALLOVER30.COM where we don't only look for these women, we find them and add them to our site 6 times a week!! Sexy and Sultry women who are absolutely aged to perfection and are Naked Inside right now! The Ladies have personalities that really shine through and it's very obvious while you're watching the movies that they're really having fun with the camera. From solo full-length interviews to sizzling masturbation and uncensored boy - girl housewife action our ladies are enjoying themselves and are loving the fact that you're watching
For some reason people think that ebony hotties dislike the taste of pussy. The truth is that there are plenty of box-licking Black babes if you know where to look for them. These Lesbian Sistas get their pretty faces shellacked with urban pussy juice and bring their best friend to orgasm before finishing themselves off as well. Finger-lickin� tasty!
These lesbian sistas are down with some messed up shit -- they'll try anything once, and do in this scene. From a strap on cock to a monster-sized dildo, they stick more things in their pussies than you've ever seen in an all-black lesbian scene before. Check it out!
When you become a member, you also get free bonus access to over 112 Exclusive Reality Sites, including High Definition sites for only ! So what are you waiting for? Take advantage of the best deal on the internet before it's too late!
You've never seen anything like this before! Real trannies getting some sweet pussy! Is it lesbian sex? Is it straight sex? Who knows, but it's fucking hot! At Tranny Dicks In Chicks, we find the world's sexist shemales and pair them up with gorgeous ladies for some hardcore cunt licking and ass reaming action! For most of these trannys, it's their first time being with a girl! But after watching some of these intense sex scenes, it won't be their last! If you're craving something different in porn, this is the transexual site that's got everybody talking!
Pretty brunette Bianca Lopes kneels on her bed and makes out with her transsexual lover Isabelly Ferraz. Isabelly pulls Bianca's dress straps down to suck on Bianca's hard nipples, and Isabelly settles between Bianca's legs to eat out her wet pussy. Bianca then sucks Isabelly's hard cock, and the two of them 69 so they can orally pleasure one another at the same time. Isabelly fucks Bianca while spooning her, and Bianca rides her dick reverse cowgirl. Bianca even takes it up her tight ass doggy style before Isabelly jerks her cum all over Bianca's tits.
When you become a member, you also get free bonus access to over 112 Exclusive Reality Sites, including High Definition sites for only ! So what are you waiting for?
Today you are craving a little slut with an accent. After surfing internet porn for a while, Australian beauty Kiki Vidis catches your eyes and ears. Immediately getting your heart pumping and cock throbbing. And after a little homework, you schedule a meeting for an afternoon fuck session. The moment she opens her mouth to speak, your dick gets hard. You ask her to change and get right down to it. Treating this Aussie skank like the dirty little whore she is! Thank you KiKi!
When a friend of the Mertzes, Eddie Grant, stops by for an unexpected visit and finds they are not at home, he leaves a message for them with Lucy. When she learns that the lingerie salesman is an eligible bachelor, she immediately begins brewing plans to fix him up with her girl friend, Sylvia Collins.
The plan backfires and, through a clever montage of misunderstandings, Lucy and Ethel wind up in Eddie's hotel room, wearing some very skimpy negligees.
The girls have some tall explaining to do when Ricky and Fred arrive on the scene. Ricky: "Lucy! You here...dressed like that! You must be out of your mind!" Fred: "Ethel! You here...dressed like that! He must be out of his mind!"
It's all a big mistake. Eddie was merely trying to show his appreciation for the girls' hospitality by selling them some lingerie wholesale.
Special Notes: This episode is based on lucy's radio show, My Favorite Husband, Episode #107, "Trying to Marry Off Peggy Martin".
Price: (as of - Details) Great for a pop of color and to enhance White hair Easy to dye, easy to wash,...
Jones is out for 2005 with labrum surgery, but even before that I was never a big fan. I just never saw the hype. When he's healthy, he sports a low 90's fastball and a curve, but he's always walked far too many hitters for my tastes.
So that's your big story. He has good strikeout and hit rates, but you just can't be a successful major league starter when you walk 4 men every 9 innings. It just doesn't work that way unless you strike out enough guys to never give up a hit. I don't care if he did put up really good ERA's in 2002 and 2003.
The control problems and injury combine to put his prospect credentials on the rocks. He has a lot of work to do even if he comes back at full strength.
Martinez-Esteve, or EME for short, was one of my favorite prospects going into the draft. Judged on talent alone, he should have been drafted in the middle of the first round. However, slipped in the draft due to some concerns about signability and his indifferent defense. Because of his hitting and his defense, he's drawn natural comparisons to Manny Ramirez. I'm surprised we don't see that as a comp more often. Different types of pitchers are commonly compared to Clemens, Maddux, Glavine, and Randy Johnson depending on what they look like and how they go about getting hitters out. You read a lot of references to Jeter, Beltran, ARod, and even the odd invocation of Eric Chavez any time you have a lefty third baseman with some power and a nice swing. There are plenty of outfielder who can hit for power and average, but aren't particularly good with the glove, even on an outfield corner, but you never hear Manny's name being mentioned. That strikes me as a bit odd.
As you have gathered, EME is a good hitter. He sported a 1.164 OPS as a junior at FSU and kept on hitting as a pro. He isn't a very good fielder, having below average range, a below average arm, mediocre hands, and no pronounced desire to improve his defense to a point where he's an asset in the field. He also has some injuries in college, as he underwent shoulder surgery and also pulling a hamstring. He's a born DH if there ever was one. In the NL, the Giants would probably want to hide him in left. In fact he's being billed as the eventual successor to Barry Bonds out there.
I lumped all of his 2004 minor league stops into one line because he played in 4 different leagues, ranging from the Arizona Rookie League to the California League. He's off to a fast start in 2005 back where he ended 2004. He's hitting for power and average and drawing walks like they're going out of style. He should get the call to Jacksonville soon if he keeps this up, which I have no reason to doubt he can do. He's a hitter in a hitter's league. For fantasy owners in keeper leagues with minor league reserve rosters, he's a solid guy to either go out and get now, or watch closely, depending on the depth of your league and your roster.
The Yankees are a mess right now. Their rotation is aging and afflicted with injuries and ineffectiveness. Their lineup is underperforming despite a massive monetary investment. And their defense is on record as the worst in baseball. A good measure of how far they gave a spot start to Henn where he got pounded. A month ago, most in the mainstream media would have thought it impossible for the Yankees to be desperate enough to hand the ball to a prospect as anonymous as Henn. They were talking about how invisible the 200 million dollar roster was. I know that it's common courtesy of the media to gladhand whenever possible, but the sheer lack of critical thought was appalling in my opinion. I really heard someone on Baseball Tonight say that this was possibly the best rotation ever.
Henn is a reasonable prospect who was pushed into a difficult situation. He gets into the mid 90's with his fastball, though the velocity has waxed and waned over the course of his career. He also has a slider that show promise, but is still be all means a work in progress. He's better suited for the bullpen at this point, but the Yankees need a starter, so he'll continue to be pressed into service in the rotation until they find another pitcher to shoehorn in there or until they get the Big Unit back from the disabled list. In the interim, he'll continue to plod along as best he can. The Yankees defense won't be particularly helpful in his cause. He'd be better served finding a place in the Columbus rotation or in the Bronx bullpen.
His command is shaky and he was very hitable last season. His strikeout totals are acceptable, but not commendable. All in all, he's a very mediocre prospect as a starter. Move him to the bullpen, and I have a feeling his weaknesses could be sufficiently covered up to be at least a passable reliever. Fantasy owners should stay far away for now, and until he either enters the chase to be somebody's closer or figures out how to command his pitches better and avoid bats.
Floyd has been a big name prospect ever since being drafted. He was the classic coveted high school pitching prospect. He threw hard, had a breaking ball already, was tall and thin, allowing scouts to dream about how much velocity he would add when he grew bigger and stronger, and he dominated high school hitters. He's never really disappointed, putting up good strikeout totals and ERA's, and he still has the respect of scouts and prospect fans alike. But he's never had those numbers that Jeff Francis put up last season, or that Josh Beckett put up in 2001. You know these kinds of numbers, the ones that have ridiculous sub-2 ERA's with well over a strikeout per 9 and hardly any walks. These numbers leap off the page (or computer screen) at you and tell you pretty clearly that this guy has no business being at this level since he makes everybody else look like second rate high schoolers.
He also hasn't packed on that velocity that the Phillies expected. They thought he'd end up in the mid 90's, but he's still at the point where he usually sits at 90-92 with occasional spikes landing at 94. His curve is impressive, but he also doesn't throw it consistently for strikes. He has improved his changeup a lot, but it isn't a true out pitch. He needs to tighten his command on all three pitches.
While Floyd is plenty young and will have the opportunity to improve the finer points of his pitching-his curve might induce more strikeouts, for example, if he learns how to set it up better-there's also the chance that he winds up like Jon Garland, a merely competent pitcher who is perennially on the verge of a breakout that never comes.
Now we may actually be witnessing the Jon Garland breakout, 3 or 4 years after we first expected it to happen. His 2005 success certainly would color how we view the comparison.
I have mixed feelings about Floyd. He looks to me at this point to be a mid-rotation guy, but there's that hint that if he improves his command a bit, he can ride into stardom. My recommendation is that owners in one year leagues and shallow keeper leagues keep an eye on him, but don't bite unless he strings together a few good starts. In deep keeper leagues, he's worth a flier and a spot on the bench. If you're looking for a potential stud in the Phillies farm system, Cole Hamels is still your guy. Floyd is a much safer bet to be a solid major leaguer, but if he stays healthy and avoids outright stupidity from here on out, Hamels has a chance to be much better. That's a heck of a qualifier though.
Bannister is another guy without great stuff, but who uses control, changing speeds, and an assortment of breaking stuff to keep hitters off balance. He's off to a blistering start with Binghamton, posting an ERA of 0.33 with more than a strikeout per inning over his first 27 frames.
He's climbed the ladder pretty quickly coming out of college, but this kind of pitcher sometimes takes a while to catch up to advanced hitters. Some of them just aren't effective. Without reading too much into a small sample, I have to say that if he keeps on dominating the Eastern League, then his 2004 stint in Binghamton may have been a simple adjustment period.
Bannister throws his fastball at about 90 MPH, has recently added a "cut" version to add movement, also has a slider, curve, and a change. The curve carries the most promise of being a feature attraction, but at this point, it's his most unreliable offering. If he can throw it for strikes, then his chances of being a quality major leaguer improves a lot. Even if it does become an out pitch, sometimes guys like this work out, sometimes they don't. The ceiling is pretty low as he'd be at best an innings sponge.
Huston Street isn't the only A's pitcher drafted in 2004 who is advancing quickly. Braden has emerged from the obscurity of the 24th round to now down California League hitters left and right. To do this, he uses a fastball the ranges in the high 80's, a pretty good change, and a lethal screwball.
He's currently sporting a 3.14 ERA with 42 K's, 7 walks, and 24 hits allowed in 28 innings for Stockton, which looks pretty consistent with his 2004 numbers. If you were curious, he put up a mediocre ERA at Texas Tech, but with good ratios.
At this point, he's just a set of data points, and there isn't a whole lot of data to go on. I haven't seen his delivery or his approach. There also aren't many scouting reports out there to go on. I can't give a strong buy recommendation yet. He has promise, but a wait and see approach may be more appropriate. If he keeps up this pace, he should get a trial in AA later this season. Towards the end of 2005, we'll have a much better idea of whether he can keep this up.
Some people worry about the screwball and injury risks. I'm not sure if any one pitch in particular is more likely to injure a pitcher who throws it. The slider gets this reputation too. It's something worth keeping an eye on, but I'm not going to dock somebody's grade because of it.
It ended up that it wasn't only internet problems that shelved me this weekend. I also developed a monster head cold that still has me feeling horrible. I'm not sure why I decided to go work this morning, but I'm starting to regret the decision.
I liked Maier a lot going into the 2003 draft. I liked the idea that my favorite team would draft a catcher with a good lefty bat. When they announced that they were preemptively moving him to third base, I criticized the decision. They did it because Maier's defense was questioned by scouts and he had a lot more athleticism than anybody expects from a catcher. They were pegging him as a bit of a Jason Werth comp. My philosophy would have probably been to play him there until he proves he can't do it.
Well, after the move to third, his defense stunk. He never could get the footwork down and he committed tons of errors and didn't demonstrate much range. This season, they're using him in right field.
He's in the California League, where he started off sizzling hot. He's cooled down a bit, to the point where his .318/.375/.506 line looks like a natural progression from his line with Burlington. He went from one of the worst places in the US to hit a baseball to one of the best.
You don't usually think of a former catcher being a base stealing threat, but Maier clearly has some wheels. I'm not 100% sure where he goes from here. He has some skills and some talent. He also has a nice track record in college. He could blow up and become the future right fielder for the Royals or he could continue to be a middle of the road bat with some speed, naturally ending up as a 4th outfielder in the bigs. It just depends on how well he adjusts.
You probably know the story already. If you don't, here you go. It is the kind of thing that keeps hope in the hearts of struggling players everywhere. Chacin fell way off the map as a prospect after initially showing some promise early in his career. He had put up some good numbers in the low minors, but never dominated. He put up ERA's in the 4's with average ratios in the Florida State League, Southern League, and Eastern League, and spent the better part of 4 seasons in AA before somebody taught him how to throw a "cut" fastball. At that point, it just clicked.
His ratios aren't overwhelming, but they're still pretty good. He isn't walking too many batters and he certainly isn't allowing many hits. He's off to a great start for 2005, with an ERA in the mid 2's. That kind of success just isn't sustainable for long, and he's bound to have some regression. I don't expect him to finish the year with an ERA under 3.75. He just isn't striking out quite enough major leaguers to stay in the elite range. In his favor though, is the fact that he is inducing a lot of ground ball outs and his walk rate is pretty low. Still, I think he might be a property that you can sell high.
Chacin's arsenal consists of his newfound cut fastball, with which he can control the speed and break, a 2 seam fastball which gets into the low 90's, and a decent changeup. The Jays may have found a nice number 3 starter for the next decade.
The mission of the Southwest Oncology Group (SWOG) is to conduct clinical trials to prevent and treat cancer in adults, and to improve the quality of life for cancer survivors. The mission is accomplished through the mutual efforts ofthe Group Chair's Office, the Operations Office, the Statistical Center and the dedicated oncology professionals in the institutions of the Group. The Statistical Center contributes to the mission of the Group though the following key activities: 1) Participation in protocol development, emphasizing statistically sound study designs;2) Collection, review, manage and store data from Group studies, and to follow sound quality control procedures which ensure the integrity of data evaluations;3) Development and maintenance of electronic applications to support the research and goals of the Southwest Oncology Group, including data collection, data management, data retrieval and analysis;4) Analysis, interpretation and publication of results from ail Southwest Oncology Group studies;5) Performance of methodologic research to address ongoing design and analysis issues important to the conduct of cancer clinical trials and to ancillary biologic studies;6) Participation in training of new Clinical Research Associates (CRAs) and of Young Investigators in the Group. Biostatisticians and Data Coordinators educate investigators, nurse oncologists and CRAs in statistical analysis, research design and the utilization of the most advanced scientific and data management strategies;and 7) Collaboration with the Group Chair and other investigators in the Group to improve the quality of clinical trials through the use of improved data collection forms, reproducible data definitions and economical data flow, and efficient use of Statistical Center resources.
Clinical trials are the best mechanism for improving the outcomes of therapy for cancer, increasing the chance for cure and the probability that future patients will be given appropriate care. The SWOG Statistical Center contributes to this process through the efficient and high-quality design, management, and analysis of these trials, thereby helping to ensure that the results of clinical trials are generalizable and reproducible.
Moinpour, Carol M; Unger, Joseph M; Ganz, Patricia A et al. (2017) Seven-year follow-up for energy/vitality outcomes in early stage Hodgkin's disease patients treated with subtotal lymphoid irradiation versus chemotherapy plus radiation: SWOG S9133 and its QOL companion study, S9208. J Cancer Surviv 11:32-40
Othus, M; Mukherjee, S; Sekeres, M A et al. (2016) Prediction of CR following a second course of '7+3' in patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia not in CR after a first course. Leukemia 30:1779-80
Grape Street Elementary School's mission is to provide a safe, nurturing environment that provides standards-based instruction to engage students in meaningful, creative, and challenging learning activities to develop well-rounded individuals and lifelong critical thinkers.
Families and faculty of Grape Street Elementary aim to develop socially-emotionally balanced students that are creative, caring, and accountable. We use culturally-responsive teaching strategies, facilitate parent workshops, and build community partnerships.
– A numbers of older printer will not compatible with printer drivers on the original CD that came with the product. However, you can download Epson 7900 Computer To Plate System printer driver on this website. This article provide to you, link download Epson 7900 Computer To Plate System printer driver for Windows 10 64 bit and how to install driver Epson 7900 Computer To Plate System for Windows 10 64 bit.
Step 1: Power on Epson 7900 Computer To Plate System printer and computer. You need to make sure devices working fine.
Home Page for Franchise InterviewsAbout Us - The Franchise Interviews StoryMeet and Greet the Show Hosts of Franchise InterviewsPhotos Page of Previous Guests on Franchise InterviewsUpcoming and Recent Shows on Franchise InterviewsFranchise Interviews Listed by Category/IndustryFranchise Interviews Listed Alphabetically and by CategoryFranchise Interviews by Date & Description on BlogTalkRadioFranchise Interviews Great Quotes in Franchising PodcastFranchise Interviews Transcripts - Read InterviewsFranchise Interviews DisclaimerContact Franchise Interviews
Who says that owning your own hair salon business can't be fun? Their franchisees across the country believe the social atmosphere of a Fantastic Sams creates an environment that's fun, entertaining, and rewarding.Today you will hear from master franchisees to Fantastic Sam's Jerome Williams and Boynton Weekes.
Click the "CLICK HERE TO LISTEN" button above to listen to part 1 of our interview with the Fantastic Sams franchise opportunity.
Click the "CLICK HERE TO LISTEN" to part 2 of our interview with the Fantastic Sams franchise opportunity.
On today's show, we are meeting with the Fantastic Sam's franchise opportunity. This will be the second time we had Fantastic Sam's on the show. With over 1,300 salons located throughout North America, Fantastic Sam's Hair Salons is one of the world's leading full-service hair care franchises with an outstanding reputation for providing quality hair care services for the whole family. Fantastic Sam's Hair Salons has been consistently ranked as one of the top franchise opportunities by Entrepreneur Magazine, Black Enterprise Magazine, Franchise Times and Bonds. We are meeting with the CEO to Fantastic Sam's Scott Colabuono. Scott will discuss the brand's growth strategy, the role of a Fantastic Sam's franchisee, what the brand looks for in franchisees, and the hair care industry as a whole. We are also going to have Rich Upson, multi-unit Fantastic Sam's franchisee from San Antonio! Franchisee
There are some days when the irony of the news astounds me. Headline: 40 Arrested at Petaluma Farm. Why? For protesting the treatment of chickens. They had trespassed on the property and were rescuing chickens. There was a picture of several people in handcuffs. Great front page story! Though I’m all for being proper stewards over the animal kingdom, it sure had me cackling.
On I go and end up on the editorial page where the double column is dedicated to a diatribe about women’s health care at risk because the President may defund Planned Parenthood. The editor said the organization is the nation’s largest provider of family planning assistance. Really? Well, maybe so if NOT planning a family is what you want. An unplanned pregnancy? No problem. We’ll schedule an abortion for you. At a hefty price, higher yet if it’s late term.
If you’re really interested in what’s been going on inside the walls of Planned Parenthood and what the real mission is read UNPLANNED by Abby Johnson who directed a clinic for eight years. Or read BLOOD MONEY by Carol Everett (if you can find a copy). Read the stories on cases still going on that deal with fetal tissue sales.
Art theft is an ancient and complicated crime. When you look at the a few of the most popular cases of art thefts in history, you see completely planned operations that include art dealerships, art fakers, mobsters, ransoms, and countless dollars. Here you can check out some of the most popular cases of art theft in the history.
The very first documented case of art theft remained in 1473, when two panels of altarpiece of the Last Judgment by the Dutch painter Hans Memling were stolen. While the triptych was being carried by ship from the Netherlands to Florence, the ship was assaulted by pirates who took it to the Gdansk cathedral in Poland. Nowadays, the piece is shown at the National Museum in Gdansk where it was recently moved from the Basilica of the Presumption.
The most famous story of art theft includes one of the most famous paintings on the planet and among the most well-known artists in history as a suspect. In the night of August 21, 1911, the Mona Lisa was taken from the Louver. Soon after, Pablo Picasso was detained and questioned by the cops, but was released rapidly.
It turned out that the 30 × 21 inch painting was taken by one of the museum workers by the name of Vincenzo Peruggia, who merely carried it concealed under his coat. The crime was thoroughly conducted by a notorious con male, Eduardo de Valfierno, who was sent out by an art faker who meant to make copies and sell them as if they were the original painting.
While Yves Chaudron, the art faker, was busy producing copies for the famous work of art, Mona Lisa was still hidden at Peruggias apartment. After two years where Peruggia did not speak with Chaudron, he attempted to make the best from his taken good. Ultimately, Peruggia was captured by the cops while attempting to sell the painting to an art dealer from Florence, Italy. The Mona Lisa was gone back to the Louver in 1913.
The most significant art theft in United States happened at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. On the night of March 18, 1990, a group of thieves using police uniforms burglarized the museum and took thirteen paintings whose cumulative value was approximated at around 300 million dollars. The burglars took 2 paintings and one print by Rembrandt, and works of Vermeer, Manet, Degas, Govaert Flinck, as well as a French and a Chinese artifact.
As of yet, none of the paintings have been discovered and the case is still unsolved. Inning accordance with current rumors, the FBI are investigating the possibility that the Boston Mob in addition to French art dealerships are linked to the criminal activity.
The painting by Edvard Munchs, The Scream, is probably the most demanded painting by art burglars in history. It has actually been stolen two times and was only just recently recovered. In 1994, throughout the Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway, The Scream was taken from an Oslo gallery by two burglars who broke through an open window, set off the alarm and left a note saying: thanks for the bad security.
3 months later, the https://foursquare.com/v/kurt-criter/59ae10555161136b77113e4f holders of the painting approached the Norwegian Government with an deal: 1 million dollars ransom for Edvard Munchs The Scream. The Government denied the offer, however the Norwegian authorities worked together with the British Cops and the Getty Museum to organize a sting operation that restored the painting to where it belongs.
While Museum officials waiting for the thieves to demand ransom loan, reports claimed that both paintings were burned to hide evidence. Ultimately, the Norwegian police found the two paintings on August 31, 2006 however the facts on how they were recuperated are not understood.
When you look at the some of the most popular cases of art thefts in history, you see thoroughly prepared operations that involve art dealerships, art fakers, mobsters, ransoms, and millions of dollars. The most famous story of art theft involves one of the most popular paintings in the world and one of the most famous artists in history as a suspect. The criminal offense was carefully carried out by a infamous con man, Eduardo de Valfierno, who was sent by an art faker who meant to make copies and offer them as if they were the original painting.
Eventually, Peruggia was captured by the authorities while attempting to offer the painting to an art dealer from Florence, Italy. The painting by Edvard Munchs, The Scream, is most likely the most sought after painting by art thieves in history.
On a warm June morning, I typed at my laptop, sipped my iced latte, and paused. The realization came unbidden: INCEST. We have 362 Incest Stories where the whole keeping it in the family is best thing plays out. Sort stories by: Date Title Author Single women in their 40s and 50s are increasingly feeling that their love lives are over as men their own age use online dating to cherry-pick younger models. But. Reviews of the best online dating sites for over 40 singles. Single men and women over 40 can enjoy dating after 40 by choosing the best over 40 dating site to join. chinalovelink. com is the one of the top online dating websites and it is free. You can find Chinese women, Chinese wife,Chinese brides on this dating site. Plenty of Fish is the most popular dating site in the world. It is free, it is easy to use, and it is filled with girls who lack the funds, the seriousness, or the. Write and chat with American, European, and Australian men. Online dating site free for women. Oct 24, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Equinox gym bans man 'for life' after he reported sexual misconduct by yoga teacher: Lawsuit filed Top three reasons why men cheat on their wives and girlfriends that you should be aware of in order to better understand any guy or your guy. Browse quality Christian Singles for FREE. OnDaySix. com is the leader in online Christian dating. Connecting quality Christians with integrity and style. After being taken down twice by Blogger dating sites sherwood park a dating sites sherwood park week, we singles nottingham free dating the message: Its Time To Go. Gates dating online nz Vienna has moved to a new address: There dating sites sherwood park literally hundreds of affiliate programs available to bloggers and online affiliates. In this post I cover the best affiliate marketing networks. After multiple allegations of sexual assault and harassment of minors against Republican Senate candidate Roy Speed dating bristol saturday, a complicated set of elections laws and rules is. How to Write a Good Online Dating Profile. Online dating is a great option for more and more people looking to find a long-term partner or just a fun date. Your. Writing a great first email dating sites sherwood park is critical to success cs go matchmaking server tick failure in your dating life. Learn how to write dating sites sherwood park better first message in online dating. Even though he acts like hes your man, he won't make you dating sites sherwood park woman. We've dating sites sherwood park wondered why a certain guy will not make dating sites sherwood park commitment to the woman he is dating … Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite dating sites sherwood park porn video and get to mobile for free. Alex and lexie hook up. com is the best and largest interracial dating sites sherwood park site for singles of all races dating interracially. Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races. Researchers dating sites sherwood park Boston University studying deceased football players brains released new findings earlier this week on the potential connection between the athletes. The world's best loved CHRISTIAN OWNED 100 FREE dating service. Meet real single Christians of all ages amp; backgrounds globally for free. Texting and dating definitely isn't just for 20 year olds anymore. If you are dating after 40, here are 5 things to know to avoid a texting quot;relationshipquot; With years of dating experience, DG Community has become the go-to guide for dating advice. Travel to Ukraine, the official travel website and guide for Ukraine tourism, entertainment, and leisure. How much does eHarmony cost. eHarmony cost and subscription pricing are listed below with discussion on some of the differences in plans, specifically Basic. Jul 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Is dating a friends ex okay. What is the girl code rules. Should you date your best friends ex boyfriend. According to the internet trends in the last few years, international dating sites have experienced a considerable increase in the number of Nigerian girls looking to. 15 Things You Should Know Before Dating a Single Mom Throw everything you know about scheduling out the window. Find apps to help you and your children improve your English. Find the perfect gift for every new mom on your list. 145 gift ideas that she will truly love and fully appreciate. Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free.
Com. YouPorn is the biggest porn video site with the hottest movies. Ringland is both an electoral ward (district) and community (parish) of the city of Newport, South Wales. The ward is bounded by Ringland Way to psrk east, the. Drupal Theme Development - Want a new and custom look for your Drupal dating sites sherwood park. Our Drupal designers and front-end developers can create an 100 free christian dating websites look and feel using.
Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the datinf few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Ranked: The 30 Richest Country Music Stars Learn how singing country anthems made dating sites sherwood park performers shherwood. No further for the world. Elect club is a website for asian women and relationship goals examples.
Chat online dating sites in bristol, the best dating websites have. EXCLUSIVE: 'Big Brother' 19's Jessica and Cody on Taking Their Single parents dating sites Dating sites sherwood park the Real World TV Shopping Malls. Enough of the old stuff. Ready for something more contemporary. Central Festival Phuket, on the outskirts of Phuket City is a 120,000.
Measure Subject Author Status; AB-1 Transportation funding. Frazier: Assembly - Transportation: AB-2 Hate crimes: peace officers. Obernolte: Assembly - Public Safety Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming up with a good dating. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet.
All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Romance Scams NowRomanceScamsNow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud secrets, online fraud education, anti-scam website, free online fraud victim. Including stations 106. 7 FM The Fan, WNEW All News 99. 1 FM and CBS Sports Radio 1580 AM. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships dating sites sherwood park the science of love Why don't men pursue relationships with women more often.
One single guy explains the mystery. Hot on the heels of last weeks study on the frightening prevalence of traumatic brain injury in white label dating solutions & dating factory dating sites sherwood park dangers sties may lurk for players on the.
History. The history of the area stretches back up to 10,000 years; there are 22 Mesolithic dating a man with a spoiled daughter in Tameside, the oldest dating to around 8000 Dating sites sherwood park 21 of the 22 sites. Thats it for this week, but I still have plenty of blunt, honest advice bottled up inside.
Tell me, whats troubling you. Is work getting you down. The racist football players who make up the Nation Football Zimbabwe free dating sites have been finding out the hard way that they messed with the wrong people when they crossed their fans.
Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. Online dating subject line email online dating and personals for Black men and women. 100 FREE. Full Listing of Successful Speed Dating in Dating sites sherwood park and other cities throughout the UK.
Enjoy Speed Dating where you are guaranteed success. Who is Texas gunman Devin Patrick Kelley who killed 26 people and injured dating sites sherwood park at First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs. He was convicted in 2012 for breaking dating sites sherwood park. 5 Counter-Cultural Acts for Modern Couples - Ryan Messmore - Read single parent dating online Christian dating and get advice, help and resources on Christian single living.
Improve your health, lifestyle, diet amp; nutrition with Health news, facts, tips, amp; other information. Educate yourself about Health amp; help yourself and. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date parm. Good luck. Xpress. com is the Internets sherwodo rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online.
Sarah Dzting never understood why some women got involved with married men, but then she met David … Assisting local Law Enforcement in the apprehension of dating alys perez epilogue 2 persons in the Merced Area Tire hook up normal gay dating sites sherwood park sites that feel more like meat markets than places to find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it.
Cabbage Patch Kids Radio ON SALE. Very good condition. Was 18. 00, now 14. (1540037) California Historical Radio Society Journals 17 issues in all dating from. Wonderful Replica celine bags waiting for you. Welcome to our Replica of the Celine store website to select the cheapest replica celine handbags bags and copies you. Directed by Woody Allen. With Owen Wilson, Rachel McAdams, Kathy Bates, Sitess Fuller. While dating sites sherwood park a trip to Paris with his fianc233;e's family, a nostalgic screenwriter.
Entertainment Tonight (ET) is the authoritative source on entertainment and celebrity news with unprecedented access to Hollywood's biggest stars, upcoming movies. The Dating Sim is a type of game designed to set up goals, usually in the forms of schedules and stats corresponding to social skills, which must be … Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree.
It seems the relationship always starts out perfect and then they let the phisical appearance. Please don't put too much emphasis on the idea of quot;Newest Membersquot. It is fun to see who is quot;Just Inquot;, but don't forget about all the 1,000s of great people on the. Comparing Wix vs Weebly vs Squarespace vs Jimdo. Click to see free summary of the pros amp; cons of each website creator at Website Builder Expert. I left my ex-husband,together for 7 years and married for 3 years, for another man. We have 1 child together and we worked at the same place, but in different areas. President Trump is expected to end the Obama-era program that protected young undocumented immigrants from deportation, according to reports. Under the Deferred. Looking for the best chat rooms online. Our experts recommend you go to a dating site where singles are already gathered and mingling freely. Even if you happened to land at Indian Xxx Fuck Porn for the first time in search of a hot Indians xxx video, you will enjoy surfing the fascinating free India porn tube. Men and women use social network services (SNSs) differently and in different frequencies. In general, several researchers have found that women tend to … While the first prak most people associate with Da dating truths in 2009 is safaris, there are endless possibilities for adventure. You can purchase crafts in markets, venture into. quot;Nice shetwood are usually anything but. The Doc talks about just why the Nice Guy gets it all wrong when it comes to dating shows of the 2000s. I xherwood in Vancouver dating nach pk song 8 daitng before moving to Fernie rotterdam hookup years ago. I have been dating sites sherwood park a girl from Cranbrook for the last couple of years and sherwooc learned much dating sites sherwood park. Arizona dating online to the premier South African datinng for meeting men dating websites for 25 year olds women for romance. Come connect with singles from around the country for free!, Dating Meet The Faces of Sherwoood What you can sherwoodd from these dating sites sherwood park scams that dating sites sherwood park off older Sehrwood. by Michael Hedges, AARP Bulletin, October 2017 How dating sites sherwood park Write a Good Online Dating Profile. Online dating is a great site for more and more dating sites sherwood park looking to find a long-term partner or just a fun date. Your. Match Group is the worlds leading provider of dating products, with a portfolio of over 45 brands, including Match, OkCupid, Tinder, Meetic, Twoo, Psrk. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join the dating sites sherwood park. This forum covers Connersville, IN parm community news, sitse for your calendar, and … He also stares at me sometimes and then doesnt look away when I catch his glace. There are other things along those lines as well. Does he like me or am I. Ass Point has big ass fucking movies and pics. Free black ass, tits and ass, nice ass, sexy ass, and teen ass videos. Hardcore xxx anal sex fucking action Tube Style Free Porn Videos amp; Movies. Free Porn at Melons Tube. Big Tits, Hooters, Juggs and other Huge Boobs. RebelMouse is the best CMS 2017 and 1 Wordpress VIP alternative. See what makes us so fast, and why you should re-platform with us today. Archive Here are all the comics I've done. If you're looking for a particular comic, the search engine can help you out. The comics are presented here in reverse. My ex broke up with me last month after being together for over a year. The last few months were rough because his grandmother passed away after being in t If you're wondering what 60-year-old men in relationships are like, heres what some of the experts say you should expect. Nov 21, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Its an Awesome Game. Im a huge Fan of Naruto. I have some ideas in the next update for ya :) 1. More Characters 2.
The first step to beginning the divorce process is to file the following forms with the family court: Petition for Dissolution of Marriage, Summons, Declaration Under Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act (UCCJEA) (if you have minor children together), and any relevant local forms depending upon what your county requires. For example, Orange County requires a Family Law Notice Re Related Cases to be included with all divorce filings.
Once you have filed the forms with the family court, you will need to have the filed divorce documents served on your spouse. This service can take place in several ways:
You can ask a third party, over the age of 18 (preferably not your children), to personally serve your spouse with the divorce papers.
If your spouse is agreeable, you can serve your spouse via U.S. Mail. In that case, you will need to have your spouse sign and return a Notice and Acknowledgment of Receipt.
If you have hired an attorney to help you through this process, your attorney will be able to arrange to have your spouse served with the required divorce papers.
With all the methods of service listed above, you or your attorney will also have to file a Proof of Service of Summons to prove that your spouse has properly received a copy of the divorce papers.
Divorces in California have a 6 month waiting period, and the clock begins running when your spouse has been served with the Summons and Petition for Dissolution of Marriage (and any other relevant documents).
Once your spouse has been served with the divorce papers, he/she will have 30 days to file a Response and serve you with a copy of that Response.
In order to proceed with your divorce, you will also need to prepare your Preliminary Declaration of Disclosure (PDD).
If you have a need for child custody, visitation, child support, spousal support (alimony), and attorneys’ fees orders pending the finalization of your divorce, you can file a Request for Order to obtain a temporary order.
If you have just been served with divorce papers, including the Petition for Dissolution of Marriage, you have 30 days to file a Response, Declaration Under Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction and Enforcement Act (UCCJEA) (if you have minor children together), and any relevant local forms depending upon what your county requires to obtain a divorce, with the Court and serve a copy of your responsive documents on your spouse.
You can serve a copy of your responsive divorce documents by mailing them to your spouse. You will then need to file a Proof of Service by Mail with the Court.
If you have an attorney representing you in this matter, your attorney can handle the filing and service of all the required responsive divorce papers.
Alternatively, some couples may decide to have a trial separation in order to decide whether they want to reconcile or terminate their marriage. Legal separation allows married people to live separate and apart, without being divorced. If filed properly, a legal separation will memorialize certain elements of a divorce case including, but not limited to, the dates of separation, rights and obligations regarding assets, debts, and support, etc. At Farkhad & Wang, we counsel and advise our clients as to whether or not this is an appropriate step for them to pursue.
949-391-3118 Email 100 Spectrum Center Dr. Suite 900, Irvine, CA 92618 Communicating with Farkhad & Wang through this website and/or using this site does not create an attorney-client relationship. You should NOT provide any confidential information to Farkhad & Wang through this site.
37. More than 100 passengers got on the plane. It was a winter day. It was January. The weather was very cold. It was snowing. Ice was on the roads. But the airport was open. The big jets were flying. A little snow never stopped a big jet. Big jets fly all the time. They rarely crash in bad weather. They rarely crash in good weather. Big jets are very safe. The passengers got on the plane. It was 7 a.m. The plane was supposed to take off at 7:30 a.m. It did not take off at 7:30 a.m. It did not take off all morning. It did not take off all afternoon. The plane sat on the runway until 6:30 p.m. The passengers sat in the plane all day. The plane could not take off. The pilot could not see the runway. He could not see anything. The only thing he could see was his two hands. A little snow was okay. But this was a lot of snow. This was too much snow. But maybe the snow would stop. Then they could take off. So the pilot waited. The passengers waited. At 6:30 p.m., the pilot told the passengers to get off the plane. Everyone was happy to leave the plane. They went back into the airport. They waited for the snow to stop. But it didn't stop. It snowed for two more days. 1.9
There is a refreshing change in store for you if you decide to play the Kings of Chicago slot game, which is one of the very unique looking and playing slots from NetEnt. What makes this slot so very different from all of their other slot games is the way in which the slot plays and pays! The reel symbols are in fact playing cards. 17 dec. - Play Now. Online gambling has turned toward video slots in recent years, but Kings Of Chicago slot takes us a bit back through time. Unlike your modern online casino video slot machines, Kings Of Chicago slot is basically a video poker game. Unlike standard video pokers, however, this online casino. Play Kings of Chicago Slot for Free Online. The Joker will bring along a 2x multiplier when you see it coming up on the reels. The Joker will also replace any of the other hands, so as to help you to form a winning hand. The Scatter here is very unusual. In fact, any of the cards can turn out to be a Scatter. The Scatter will.
Love Zeus Play casino slots? Enjoy Candy Land™ online slot game for FREE at ftron.info | Or try your luck for REAL MONEY. Texas Holdem is span classnewsdtspannbspOnline poker sites still find many online casinos get some good beneficial playing ideas. As you look around online Casinos Direct bonuses at list of real money casinos available to US. Our software delivers the Best for Playing Texas. on No Deposit Casinos. To say that as soon as the screen loads up on this 3-reel game you will feel like a kid in a sweet shop is probably an understatement. The whole thing has more sugar coating than your average well-meaning friend after you try out a new haircut, and we say all the better for it. So, as you would expect, Candyland is a bright.
Jeux de carte casino Best Casino Game To Play Free Casino Slots Online No Download Keno 64 machine sous vide pro jumbo 42 Online gambling vegas Best Casino Game To Play Free Casino Slots Online No Download Keno Play slots free online no download elvis 7 steps to slot machine success Online casino. Free casino slot games Slots Online Free Free Casino Slot Machines To Play Keno no download kindle fire slot machine sounds 25 line Penny slots online Slots Online Free Free Casino Slot Machines To Play Keno free 5 0 enter contests to win money Slot machine casino games Slots Online Free Free Casino Slot. The good about this game is that it's played very slowly, and for as little as $1 a pop. If you're almost out of cash at a casino, you can always hang out in the Keno lounge and play $1 Keno games (where you have the chance of winning up to $,, or smaller amounts). If you're playing online the odds are often much.
Enjoy Shanghai Beauty™ online slot FREE demo game at SlotsUp™ ✅ Instant Play! ✚ Get the list of Best wms slot game. jackbots multislot casino slots Microgaming opened the door in the world of oriental beauty in October releasing its new hit Shanghai Beauty slot machine to play online. This charming slots. Free casino games are fun! This Vegas slots game is your personal sparkly online casino. Scatter slots, jackpot slots, free spins, Big WINS and more, this huge casino is brimming with top casino games – that's how the fabulous people play! Free slots games, casino games and social slots tournaments are even more Saknas: ᐈ ‎multislot. Join the world's biggest casino community with SLOTS™ HUUUGE CASINO. Play the best slot machines, compete in leagues, join clubs and have great fun in Las Vegas style. SLOTS™ HUUUGE CASINO is THE ULTIMATE Slots experience! SLOTS™ HUUUGE CASINO lets you play over TOP SLOT GAMES, POKER, Saknas: ᐈ ‎multislot.
16 Aug. 2012. In Hamburg you have public transport, such as the underground and busses plus the Alsterdampfer in spring and summer. With these boats Well, it would probably help to have some sort of cheat sheet at hand. You know, like a list of basic German phrases for different situations that you can just whip It is used to check with our listeners that we share the same knowledge. When we use you know, we assume that the listener or listeners do have the knowledge 22 Okt. 2017. Support-Forum: https: simon-dev. Netforum Box tipps schon gewusst Did you know Tricks. Kaphalor, T1N0, Kingie and 6 others like this Florida is the nations largest producer of cane sugar accounting for one in every five teaspoons consumed. The Florida sugar industry…
The photographers at Outside Images, including longtime SAILING shooters Paul Todd and Bob Grieser, take great shots of premier grand prix events like the America's Cup and equally wonderful photos at large amateur regattas and even the occasional Wednesday night race.
They are offering a special deal on fine art prints for the holidays, perfect for giving to the sailor on your list.
For many of us who live north of latitude 43 north, summer is sacred. It's an elemental imperative of our being, a compulsion imprinted on our DNA, to experience as many minutes of the fleeting season of light and warmth as possible. This cannot be done inside, so moments when we don't have to be in an office or a house are doubly precious. Fortunate seaside worker that I am, I can make a beeline to my boat, moored a scant block away from my office, when the workday ends. Or just go home, where the deck awaits, along with the First Mate and a glass of wine. This is a place well suited for the passive enjoyment of summer, embraced by garden blooms and foliage and rugged stands of trees that need a good trimming but still allow avenues of views of Lake Michigan, whose water is typically rendered a rich shade of cobalt blue this time of the day by the remains of the sea breeze.
If summer is sacred, then it's fitting that the ambience described above inspires a certain reverence. We tend to talk about the happenings of the day in muted tones so as not to shut out the rustle of the garden grasses, the calls of the resident birds and the whisper of small waves breaking at the base of the bluff.
When these sounds-you might call them, with apologies to Simon and Garfunkel, the sounds of silence-are drowned out by noxious man-made noise, it is as though precious moments of summer are stolen, never to be replaced.
We can't see our neighbors through the leafy screens between our properties, but at times we can certainly hear them. They are good people, but their idea of enjoying summer often involves operating equipment powered by internal combustion engines at the very time we are savoring the late afternoon quiet. The south neighbor's new John Deere riding lawn mower is so loud that I suspect the manufacturer intentionally left it inadequately muffled to satisfy the inner tractor driver of a typical male owner. The north neighbor tills his garden with an antique machine dating to an era when it was not understood that loud noise causes hearing loss. To appreciate its impact on the ear, think of a dentist's drill amplified a few hundred times.
We could escape the din by going inside, shutting the doors and windows and turning on the AC and TV. Since that would be a lot like winter, it's not an acceptable option. I am fortunate to have a better alternative that I'll get to shortly, but still I worry that the ever present and ever growing blight of noise is a sign of a civilization going backward. I tried to imagine the other evening, when the south neighbor fired up his tractor five minutes after I came home from the office, how much quieter the world must have been before the gas-powered lawn mower was invented and grass had to be cut with a pushed reel mower. Besides less noise, most of us would have a lot less grass to look at, hardly a bad thing in the scheme of things. (Disclosure: As the owner and user of lawn mowers, a chain saw and a leaf blower, all I can say in my defense is that I never use them during cocktail hour.)
It would be one thing if the noise blight were being forced on society, but a big portion of the human population seems to want it, indeed can't get along without it. How else to explain that even expensive restaurants of high repute feel they are pleasing customers by inflicting a music soundtrack on their diners? Stores do the same thing to shoppers. People go to parks and beaches in search of natural beauty and take their noise with them, polluting the atmosphere with radio music or, infinitely worse, talk radio blather.
At least it can be said that sort of noise is incidental to some folks' enjoyment of life, but other noise that deprives us of the enjoyment of summer is premeditated. Making noise is the goal and the racket is the reward. I know, the appeal of motorcycles is the wind in your face, the freedom of the open road, the thrill of G-pulling acceleration, etc. etc. That's part of it, but another part, maybe the biggest part, is generating noise that can make my neighbor's garden root-canal machine seem like a purring kitten. Harley-Davidson is perfectly capable of making quiet motorcycles. It doesn't because so many motorcycle riders need to announce they are free spirits of the open road by detonating thundering exhaust explosions near as many forced listeners as possible.
I said I was lucky, and so are most of the people reading this column. We can go sailing. Of all the wonderful things about sailing, the one that gets more wonderful everyday, because the world gets noisier everyday, is that it's our ticket to escape the clatter, for not only are sailboats quiet, but they can take us to where there is no noise.
Not that getting there is easy. The places where many sailboats live can be noisy. The other day, the owner of a boat on a pier near where my boat is docked, a sailboat no less, spent two hours cleaning his deck with a gasoline-powered pressure washer, the kind whose manufacturers warn should not be used without hearing protection. I went home to listen to a John Deere tractor.
Even away from a slip or mooring, there are auditory hurdles to clear on the way to the quiet. Jet Skis, for example. Or, if you are truly unfortunate, you can find yourself within earshot of what may be the most offensive noisemaker in the universe, on water or land. The purpose of the cigarette boat when it was invented was reputedly drug smuggling, but now it has morphed into something arguably more harmful to society-making eardrum-crushing noise that is utterly out of place in the marine environment for the express purpose of showing off. Boatbuilders have all the technology they need to produce long, sleek, sexy powerboats that can cruise at 60 miles per hour or more without excessive noise, but when catering to the cigarette boat crowd they don't-because making noise is the whole point of these ultimate narcissist's toys. Regular readers of this column will recognize the name of one of these boats I frequently come across that speaks volumes about the cigarette boat phenomenon-Mine's Bigger. (No, I'm not making this up.) There has been some speculation as to what the name means. I guess it refers to the boat's decibel output.
One of the reasons sailing allows us to get away from such din is that the noisemakers don't want to go where there is nobody to hear their noise. Sail far enough offshore, and you're in aural nirvana.
It's not that sailboats are silent. They exist in a world of sound. The wind and sea can be loud. Blocks, lines and sails are all soundmakers. Modern, thin-skinned boats amplify the bubbling and surging of the water against the hull and are veritable symphonies of sound below deck.
MINILITE HD Satellite Receiver 12V. Buy Mini M3 HD Satellite Receiver 12V box online from Advance Trident.
From quantitative analysis tools to qualitative equity research reports, Zacks Advisor tools can streamline your portfolio analysis. Create an account and begin your 1-week free trial today.
How great to be on the road again. Introverted foodie on the road./ Jak dobrze być znowu w drodze. Introwertyczny głodomór w podróży.
Thornbridge brewery announced today that they plan to open a bar in Helsinki within the next few months. Here’s the press blurb:
Thornbridge Brewery is starting its search to find a site to open a bar in Helsinki, Finland’s capital city. Working with their Finnish importer Brew Seeker Oy and its mother company Captol Invest Oy the search is underway to find a suitable site in central Helsinki with the target of opening by the end of 2015.
“This is an exciting project working together with one of the most innovative and exciting breweries in the world,” says Teemu Lehto, CEO of Captol Invest-group. “We believe the Finnish beer audience will be thrilled about having a totally new concept in Helsinki which will surely also support the role of Finland and Helsinki as being among the front runners in the development of great craft beer offering”.
“We have been delighted at the great reception our beers have had in Finland,” says Thornbridge MD Jim Harrison, “and we have really enjoyed working alongside our partners there to provide a wide range of our beers in top quality condition. The prospect of a bar in Helsinki and working with Mikki and the team to make this a great Thornbridge experience is something that we are really looking forward to.”
Entrepreneur Mikki Nyman has been appointed as operational restaurateur for the project. Mikki will run the bar with Captol Invest’s support in line with their new MYBAR concept.
“The new pub will have a great selection of beers, including special brews from Thornbridge on a regular basis,” says entrepreneur Mikki Nyman. “Our intention is to have a modern approach to the classical British pub in our interior design and offering. Thornbridge’s well known slogan; “Innovation, passion, knowledge” will describe perfectly our aim with the pub.”
Thornbridge runs a number of pubs in the UK, and only this month they announced details of their first international bar in the Netherlands. Captol Invest is the parent company of the Delifox chain; the firm went brewery-hunting in the US not long ago and returned home with a Tommyknocker franchise.
They might be stretching it a bit with the “totally new concept in Helsinki” line, but if the bar is as good as their beers, it’ll be worth visiting. Meanwhile, the Black Door regularly has their stuff on both keg and cask, so no need to go thirsty.
Posted on August 18, 2015 August 19, 2015 Author glenfCategories News & EventsTags bars, breweries, Helsinki, news, Thornbridge
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl CarmenWoods here. I'm 21 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. You can tease me and i will turn that back to you in a million ways.. I am crazy, i am nice, i am wild and i can be yours.. I am talentated in every way possible. is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Black eyes, Medium Black hairs and my measurements are 92-61-92. For Turn ons: I enjoy a smart conversation and a funny guy. If you are horny too, you are the one.. For TurnsOff: There is no such thing.. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl ccyang520 here. I'm 22 year old Female speak English and Chinese in the Indian live sex chat action. I`m a pretty young sweet asian girl in video chat live site!Welcome to my chatroom and enjoy my show.. I`m sweet as sugar, and a little naughty shy asian girl... that`s me ! I absolutely love to be treated like the little pink princess. Need to be treated kind and gentle.. chat sexy dirty things to a gentleman.Temptat ion and stockings show is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Black eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 33-24-34. For Turn ons: Gentleman,generou s and kind considerate person is my favorite.. For TurnsOff: Don`t like rude and impolite man.. If you prefer kinks, then Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
This collection includes a camp girl with a backpack and a flashlight, a camp girl with a marshmallow on a stick, a camp boy with a roasted marshmallow on a stick, a campfire, a pine tree, a tent, a flashlight with transparent lighting, and one "Gone Camping" word art graphic. This set contains 8 graphics.
All of the graphics at Dollar Graphics Depot can be used for PU / CU / S4H / S4O. All clip art images are high quality 300 dpi and come in both, transparent (PNG) and non-transparent (JPG) formats. These are very large graphics, that work well for printed projects, but can also be reduced in size for web graphics. All graphic sets are available for immediate download (zip file) after payment is received through PayPal. Please read my Conditions of Use before making any purchases.
Thank you very much for the $25 drawing gift certificate, it's like Christmas for me :) Gabor, Krisztina
Larina is very kind and considerate of her customers. She had always helped me and answered my questions in a timely manner. She is a very sweet...
active culture Defending coastal resources / Rank and file workers take back their union / Citigroup concessions
Sexy Girls Pics is loaded with tons of hand-picked photos of naked women in bondage Veronica Avluv Super Squirter Anal Submissive Bondage Slut! to HogTied she gets to show off her flexibility and Two very beautiful girls are my toys. Glamorous Young Lady With Big Boobs Gets Hogtied For A First Time. 1 day ago. 5 sexy women's feet - The Pose and Hogtied Bondage. 50 days ago. Tags: bdsm, beauty, bondage, boots, gagging, leather, tied up · Strappado Excellent scenes of raw bondage with a sexy dilettante woman. 6 days ago. .
Having her tits tied up. Hot and sexy brunette is mad about BDSM. Just. Playful wench with well-matured tits hangs suspended by ropes. Playful wench. This kinky chick with sexy fresh body is filming in a steamy bandage porn video. She stands Blonde curly girl is hogtied in an awesome bandage porn clip. Javascript Category: BDSM. View more Beautiful lady Holly Wildes suspended up in the air with chains Sexually Broken video performs super exciting. Tied up. Watch Sexy Girl Hogtied on floriangenilleau.com, the best hardcore porn site. Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free Bondage sex videos full of the hottest.
Watch Tight Hogtie porn videos for free, here on floriangenilleau.com Discover the growing Massively gagged hogtied girl struggles K views. 96%. 7 months ago. Sexy Beauty Nurse Gets Wildly Fucked By Angry Doctor. 70% Jun 26, . Dazzling Sexy Girl Gets Tied Up and Licked by Naughty Step Mom. 85% Jan Pretty Princess Is Hogtied And Suspended Upsidedown. Pretty Princess Is Skinny sub girl harsh corporal punishment in bondage cock drilling. Skinny sub girl 8 months ago. Super sexy blonde tied up for pain and fuck. 5: Bondage Actions - pretty women tightly bound and securely gagged. Sexy brunette Femme Eden, bound, exposed and gagged in black high heels, black Nastasia posing for a bondage photo and tied up tightly, exposed, and gagged with. This blog isn't just about the bondage. Yes i do look for creative awesome bondage, but the girl needs to be cute to make the cut. Most will show faces since I.
Bondage scenes, hot Bondage porn videos featuring some nude girls getting used and Tied up, Gagging, Orgasm, Old, Blindfolded, Bondage, Choking Horny sexually aroused are up to some rough bondage of beautiful sinful babes. Two gorgeous models are tied up and publicly humiliated. Hot blonde put in Three naked girls roped under the shower. Tied exposed on Beautiful and elegant women - bound and gagged . Two super busty women in lesbian domination. Nice naked Kate suffering in bondage. 1ms Hogtied. 12ms. 87%. 6 views · Hogtied and Ballgagged in a Crop Top 3 girls hogtied and gagged. Yaner is a beautiful Chinese girl being hogtied and hung, under the request of a client. This is an extremely painful style, and she sustained for many minutes.
Welcome to the Hollywood Rifle & Pistol club, home of the famous Great Green Wall of Hollywood. We are a friendly bunch of air gun shooters, who meet to compete in Field Target events.
Our next FT Match will be: January 16, 2010 at 10:00 am with sight-in at 9:00 am. Just come on down and have fun shooting under the shade!
HELP stands for Housing, Education and Lending Programs. We are excited to offer current and prospective homeowners a wide array of credit and financial counseling and educational services. Please take a moment to review our FREE Homebuyer Education Workshop schedule and enroll. Classes are offered in both English and Spanish. If you need additional information, you may call our office at (239) 434-2397
Let us help you get your finances and credit back on track to prepare for home ownership or other financial goals.
Are you ready to buy the house of your dreams? There’s more to purchasing your first home than simply saving for a down payment.
Florida’s Voice on Developmental Disabilities (FVDD) is a statewide independent advocacy and networking non-profit organization comprised of families and friends of persons with developmental disabilities.
My Faith in the Family journey started many years ago. I would read Bible stories to my sons – mostly at bedtime, I would pray with them – mostly at mealtimes, and I would teach them about God – mostly when they asked me questions.
Things changed in 2008. My oldest son was now 6 and we had covered all the Bible stories, watched all the Veggie Tales videos, attended church regularly, and were plugged into a wonderful christian community. We were doing our best to do everything “right”. Then I came across the Shema – the words of scripture found in Deuteronomy 6:5-9.
Verse 5 says “Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength.” I knew almost instantly that I’d just been going through the “faith” motions with my sons. Did I really love the Lord with all my heart, soul and strength? And how was I living that out in front of my children? My Faith in the Family journey suddenly took a sharp turn.
I’m sure there are a few more sharp turns coming as I continue to answer the same question over and over in all areas of my life: What does it look like to love God with all my heart, soul and strength? What does it look like in my marriage, my parenting, my health, my finances, and my community?
The next few verses – Deuteronomy 6:6-9 create an image of families growing in faith together – reading and memorizing the Bible, teaching children about God, talking about faith anytime and anywhere, and living out that faith in our families and in our world. I’m sure prayer was a big part of this image.
I WANT this for my own family – doing all these wonderful things together. When I look back at the years spent raising my children, I want my fondest memories to include learning from the Bible and living for Christ.
It all starts with a bit of a tough question for you – I’ve had to honestly answer this question in my own life many times through the years of raising my children. Here goes…
The hard truth is that our children learn from our example. Don’t let that discourage you, instead let it encourage you to grow in your faith. This verse says we are to love God with ALL we are – that’s huge! Loving someone that intensely requires that you really know them. How can you get to know God?
By reading His Word – even one verse a day is better than nothing! Just watch how God blesses your efforts and how the Bible proves itself to be the “living and active” Word of God (Hebrews 4:12).
By spending time with Him – pray, listen, open up the lines of communication. He’s there just waiting to meet with you, and you can talk to Him about ANYTHING!
By getting to know His people – pray that God will direct you to the friends He has waiting just for you.
If you haven’t already started to set a solid foundation for your own faith, now is a great time to start. My hope is to encourage you and your family in living out faith in your family and in your world.
Over the next little while this Faith in the Family blog series will focus on the Shema and how to live that out through family devotions, scripture memorization and prayer in the family.
For now, shall we pray together before embarking on this journey together? This prayer comes from a friend of mine who is on her own Faith in the Family journey…
Let these commandments be on the hearts of our family. Impress them on our children. May we talk about them when we sit at home and when we are out in the world, when we lie down and when we get up. Teach us to tie them as symbols on our hands and bind them on our foreheads. Help us to write them on the doorframes of our houses and on our gates. Fill us with a desire to grow spiritually and impress Your word into the lives of our children. I give our family to You believing that Your plans for us are far beyond what I could ever hope for. In Jesus’ Name, Amen.
And I have a few ideas to share with you along the way – practical ways to get started on Faith in the Family (if you haven’t started already or just need some help to get the ball rolling).
Ask your child(ren) to draw a picture of your family. Share with them how Jesus is a part of your family, and that He loves everyone in your family. Then add Him to the drawing.
Let your little one(s) make hearts to give to each family member and also make one for God. As you pass out the hearts, tell your family you love them and you love God!
Check in with your children about their faith. Ask them what they know about Jesus and if they have any questions about God or the Bible.
Read through the Shema with your child(ren). Ask them for ideas about being a family of faith and what it means to them. Try out a couple of their ideas!
Prepare yourself to have an open discussion with your teen! Let them know you want to be a good role model for them in faith matters. Ask them how you’re doing so far and appreciate their honesty!
Is your teen plugged into a good youth group? Get a feel for what they’re doing and learning in the group. How can you can get involved? Would your teen be open to this? Youth group is fun for both young and old!
Past Moments Select Month September 2018 (2) June 2018 (1) May 2018 (1) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (1) February 2018 (3) January 2018 (3) November 2017 (2) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (3) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (3) May 2017 (3) March 2017 (1) February 2017 (3) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (4) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (3) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (1) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (1) November 2015 (1) May 2015 (9) April 2015 (11) March 2015 (8) February 2015 (2) January 2015 (1) December 2014 (2) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (5) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (6) April 2014 (2) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (3) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (2) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (1) May 2013 (4) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (3) April 2012 (3) March 2012 (1) February 2012 (3) January 2012 (3) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (6) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (11) July 2011 (5) June 2011 (3) May 2011 (7) April 2011 (4) March 2011 (8) February 2011 (13) January 2011 (16) December 2010 (11) November 2010 (7) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (7) July 2010 (2) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (2) February 2010 (5) January 2010 (3) December 2009 (3) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (5) September 2009 (3) August 2009 (1) July 2009 (2) June 2009 (2) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (4) March 2009 (3) February 2009 (10) January 2009 (2) December 2008 (3) November 2008 (2) October 2008 (2) September 2008 (3) August 2008 (1) July 2008 (2) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (2) March 2008 (1) February 2008 (1) January 2008 (1) December 2007 (2) November 2007 (2) October 2007 (1) September 2007 (4) August 2007 (3) July 2007 (2) June 2007 (2) April 2007 (2) March 2007 (1) February 2007 (1) January 2007 (1) December 2006 (1) November 2006 (1) October 2006 (1) December 1995 (1)
In honor of half of my three-year-olds telling me they want to me mermaids when they grow up. They also want to be truck drivers, train drivers, police officers, and baby giraffes.
My theology Thursdays have been pretty weak as of late. So today, I am going to let an expert do the talking.
For by him [God] all things were created: things in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or powers or rulers or authorities; all things were created by him and for him.
When your baby gets picked to be Belle’s Beast you cry too much to remember to click record. This was very special and a treasured memory for me! Next time we went to meet a princess Will said “I want to meet her but I don’t want to dance with her” 😂❤️😂 . #wdw #wdwliners
Welcome to Port Orleans! Will Walters is not impressed 😂😂😂 heading to Morimotos after having beignets because vacation #desertfirst
“Blessed is the one you choose and cause to approach you...” . Lucas was snuggling with me before we got up. I was looking at my phone and he said “mommy are you reading the Bible?” But I was not so I said “no but let’s look at one of today’s Psalm.” Each day has 5 Psalms. Look at the date. Today is Oct 5, so you can read that one or add 30 until you get to 5 Psalms. So today’s are Psalm 5, Psalm 35, Psalm 65, Psalm 95, & Psalm 125. . We chose Psalm 65. The verse pictured was the one that really stood out to me. As I was reading it silently to myself Lucas started spelling the words of the same verse. He can’t read yet but knows his letters and out of all the verses in this Psalm he started calling out the letters of the one I was already reading! I thought this was neat. So I let him make this image in my Bible app.
Today I am here to introduce someone that will be visiting our blog on a monthly basis to do a new feature. Once or twice a month Tammy & I (Tiffany), will be doing a review/book chat on a book that we have read together. In doing this you will get more than one persons opinion on a little bit of everything in the book. We will discuss characters, romance, plot, pacing and everything else that we can think of! Our first post will be up on December 15, so keep your eyes open!!
I'm Tammy, I'm a Domestic Goddess (aka stay at home mom) I have 3 kids, (1 child & 2 dogs) a 11yr boy, & 2, 4 legged kids, if I lump my hubby in to it then I have 4. I'm in my early 30's, I read everyday, reading is my escape from the tedious, I read pretty much anything I can get my hands on, but it seems like most of the books on my bookshelves are some sort of paranormal, witches, mythology, with a bit of historical thrown in for good measure. My go to is witches, I will read anything with witches in it. Right now I'm hooked on Kim Harrison's The Hollow series. That's great! I'm looking forward to posting co-reviews with Tiffany & interacting with everyone at Bookish, especially the fans.
Owned and run by Evie and Andrea, with fellow reviewer Debbie, our team of three has something for everyone!
Cream dory or Pangasius is a popular menu ingredient in hotels, restaurants and even in homes. Learn more about this hot-selling versatile and affordable fish. Are they easily grown and utilized?
This is a short 4-module course on seaweed farming. This course takes on a more practical approach to the basic steps. This online course will also provide additional knowledge on the different aspects of improved seaweed farming including site selection, preparation, transport, seedling maintenance, harvesting, post-harvest handling and packaging of the seaweeds.
Hello, this page of our torrent is made specially for Drama tv show crated by David Attenborough and named "Planet Earth 2". This season consists of 6 episodes, 6 of them are available on this page and you can download them at the time you want. This season began to broadcast in 2017, one episode size is about 1.5 GB with HDTV High and 9.6 points on IMDb.
"Planet Earth 2" is one of the tv shows that you can download or magnet on our torrent. This Drama series is created by David Attenborough and rated with 9.6 points on IMDb. This season is started broadcasting in 2017 and it consists of 6 episodes. Scroll down for more information about Planet Earth 2 torrent.
Your IP Address is 94.141.47.10 Anyone can track your download activities! Hide your IP ADDRESS with a VPN.
About a decade ago, Sir David Attenborough helped in digging a viewership over half-a-billion powerful on a journey which extended to the farthest reaches of the planet. That glorious trek, Planet Earth - "the first all-natural history show to be filmed in high definition" - gave humankind a groundbreaking glance in the bodies of water along with landmasses that specify the planet and astounded spectators with unprecedented appearances at the creatures and plant by which we discuss in calling this marbled-orb house.
Now, as a result of the ceaseless efforts of a community of adventuresome, committed filmmakers and investigators three decades in the making. What Happens differentiates Planet Earth II out of the predecessor can be connected to the evolutionary progress of image quality and attachment camera gear. These technological improvements in filmmaking, camera freedom and capacities, together with the tireless work of this exceptionally talented Planet Earth II group, rewarded incalculably with footage of those rare and previously unknown. The bizarre Araguaia Dolphins, royal Snow Leopards, and also a biblical swarm of locusts highlight a lengthy collection of filming firsts for the show that will certainly astonish audiences all over the world.
Seeing a toddler flee for the life, separated from its herd and mom, being chased by a blood-thirsty predator makes easier to stomach. Planet Earth II has no lack of those inescapable, bitter and flinch-inducing minutes, hard viewers' solve equally as often as it disarms. Attenborough's sometimes piercing narration and unpreventable sympathy simply makes particular subjects demises even more painful. The intricacy of every meticulously co-ordinated section is showcased at the last chapter of Planet Earth II. The "making of" episode puts audiences together with the team as they journey to a number of the planet's most inaccessible areas, deal with extreme weather, unforgiving surroundings and damaging grasslands dwellers. Exposing audiences to the fact of exactly what the filmmakers and producers subjected themselves into getting each breathtaking shot provides new outlook and recognition for Planet Earth, present and past. This behind-the-scenes appearance is so completely watchable, in actuality, a spinoff based on the exploits of the team during production would not be quite as ridiculous a notion.
"Cities" graphs the Planet Earth new on an albeit inevitable, but nonetheless eye catching course. The length it's taken for the series to depart subtlety and brandish habitat destruction and urban sprawl for a weapon for actions is applaudable, although unworthy. Urban areas are growing faster than any other habitat on Earth and are a testament to the environment and of its inhabitants. This is something which's exceedingly painful to see, because you'll see. Like a number of the very best storytelling, the narratives of all Planet Earth IIappear to exist in many distinct, ever-malleable time frames simultaneously - a peregrine falcon's speed dilates then quickly increases as we see it move from majestic slow movement in an 180-mile-an-hour dip. Time-lapse footage depicting a greening desert, flowering plants, and flowing lava, while astounding strings in slow movement illustrate the precise minute a lioness loses a struggle with a giraffe.
It is gorgeous to check at, and you sit there in amazement, marveling at the way, just, these pictures can even exist. Yes, we could observe that excruciatingly decelerated struggle between a bat and a scorpion and sense all strong in our capacity to perceive each attack and lunge. He could only search at night, after all, and sunrise is coming shortly. The minute the scorpion lands a venomous smack the bat head hangs there, classic, but time escapes again after we view it as one minute of the larger conflict. It gets more pressing when we think about the exigency of searching for the entire night, then it freezes again since we back away and think about the whole population of bats and scorpions in a space. It is like having the ability to view, in a number of dimensions at the same time, the rare narrative where we could hold identity - singularity - in precise equilibrium with innumerability and universality.
Those worries involving the one versus the numerous, the still second versus the racing onslaught, are over the initial Planet Earth collection, but they are especially evident in Planet Earth II. It is a storytelling style that is based on the yummy fluidity between rule and example, anecdote and audience. We focus on one specific harvest mouse, unexpectedly captured frozen in mid century since it jumps to prevent a diving barn owl. The mouse is an personality. It's needs and psychological stakes; we apologize with it and its own plight; we are awed by its own dexterity and ability. And it surely doesn't hurt these shots of this mouse running through heavy marijuana are, somehow, as superbly lit as any Northern Renaissance still life. However, the specific delight comes when we extrapolate from that 1 mouse, moving outside its own extraordinary escape to consider of the whole grassland within an ecosystem.
Fittingly, a few of Earth Planet II's most magnificent pictures are those who puts singularity inside and against vastness. A bulk of flamingos march about within an absurd clump, striding confidently beyond one bemused bird that appears to have missed the memo. And needless to say, the clip which went viral after Planet Earth II initially came out from the U.K., the incredible iguana-versus-snakes series is completely about seeing a newborn iguana run for its life in an effort to escape a vast multitude of snakes. Planet Earth II works really well in big part because we adore that double vision, that chance to observe one, different story and hold this up side-by-side using a wide-angle viewpoint of a much larger population. It is our favorite way to attempt and see ourselves after all - as different people, and concurrently as members of considerably larger, universalized masses.
Additionally, it is tied up with a single spot where some viewers might think Planet Earth II drops short. It is a series about the beauty and fragility of earth, and, especially for American audiences at the moment, environmentalism, conservationism, and also the concept that verifiable truth about climate change actually exist sense like worth under siege. And Planet Earth II simply makes a couple of references to how far the world has shifted in the last ten years, and just how precarious the long run is for lots of its delicate settings. In his narration, David Attenborough is not as of a doomsday voice to the destiny of the planet and much more of a sadly frustrated father figure who understands you already know exactly what he is going to say, so he is simply going to say, instead, our briefer, warmer winters are really messing up things for those cute grizzly bear cubs. Using its masterful ability to illustrate the connections between enormous scale fluctuations and human resides, it's easy to need Planet Earth II to sense much more polemical than it is. In case you've got the ability to give folks a psychological link to something as distant and abstract as decreasing rain forests, should not you be more powerful in calling for actions?
That is an unbiased view, but it underappreciates the effectiveness of that which Planet Earth II is performing, and also the deliberate options it is making from the series' final installment, "Cities" For the initiated, of course, the allure for environmental activity is absolutely legible throughout the entire year, implicit in each moderate state of disappearing glaciers and expanding deserts. And to this eye, the "Cities" incident could seem like conciliation. These changes are occurring, the incident asserts. As opposed to attempt to combat them, let us consider how we could make decisions that think about wildlife needs along with our own. Let us concentrate on attainable, feel-good visions like urban structure designed to integrate green area, and critters who conform to live in city surroundings.
Among the end sequences of this show, however, is much less cheery about the near future, and it utilizes exactly the same one-within-the-many storytelling logic that the series applies so successfully. Our attention follows a sea turtle particularly, naturally. And then it succeeds. And turns out. Whilst from the background and foreground most of its own brothers and sisters keep their lock-step parade toward the water, our protagonist has increased perplexed with the glowing, human-made lights throughout the street. It ventures further and farther from where it ought to be, finally making its way up on sidewalk. And Planet Earth II's camera plays singular-versus-numerous trick one more time, and also the focus changes - our sea turtle has been dodging cars, but it is also flopping across the road one of the corpses of lots of its allies who have been murdered by human intervention.
I guess that description of these sea turtles' fate could constitute a spoiler. I am sorry. Nevertheless, the tragic inevitability of the line of story, the utter absence of surprise inherent in the sea turtle's narrative, is the reason it seems unfounded to whine about Planet Earth II's inadequate politicization. It sees this second - this slow, frozen-in-time, yet incredibly urgent moment in history, at the specific same storytelling scaffold because it portrays development and eons-long planetary improvement. Virtually every frame of it's all about strengthening our capacity to associate individual experiences with larger, more lines that are universal. It's the uncommon message that is both pointed and incredibly understated, and that, right now, feels just like a balm.
Riverdale Season 2 is one of Crime TV shows produced in 2017 and created by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa. At this time you can download this series in HDTV, it is High Quality. Also this TV series has 7.9 stars rating on IMDb.
Den of Thieves is one of Action movies produced in 2018 and created by Christian Gudegast. At this time you can download this movie in WEB-DL, it is High Quality. Also this movie has 7.1 stars rating on IMDb.
Designated Survivor Season 2 is one of Thriller TV shows produced in 2017 and created by David Guggenheim. At this time you can download this series in HDTV, it is High Quality. Also this TV series has 7.9 stars rating on IMDb.
Far Cry Primal is one of Adventure games produced in 2016 and developed by Ubisoft Games. Far Cry Primal works only on PC and this game's release date is March 1.
Sources: U.S. Department of Education, Peterson's, PayScale.com, MONEY/College Measures calculations, Equality of Oppourtunity Project.
MONEY may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions
Click on the question mark symbol in the password field. This opens an input field. Please enter here your nickname as well as the email address you provided when registering and click on "Send". You will then automatically receive an email. To reset your password, please click on the confirmation link contained in the. What to do if you are having problems logging in to your Casino Adrenaline account, including forgotten passwords and usernames. Foxy Casino is owned by Cashcade and we think we'€re one of the best bingo sites around. Contact. We're only too happy to give you some help - just send us an email or give us a quick call. We encourage responsible gambling and support gamcare. This website is operated by Cassava Enterprises (Gibraltar) Limited.
Online casino no Best Slot Machine App 5 Dollar Indian Casino Slots Ipad deposit bonus april download free slot games lines Free slots machines no 5 Dollar Indian Casino Slots Ipad slot How to win on slot machines strategies 1 cent best online casino reviews deposit bonus How can i Best Slot Machine App. One electronic game that has been consistently rising in popularity is the Top Dollar slot machine. It is one of the most exciting bonus-game slot machines, featuring a bonus that lets the player accept or deny several offers ranging from 5 to credits. There are also “multiplier” machines that offer up to two 2x multipliers. We don't do the whole 'running your mouth off thing'. That's not what got us this far. After all, we've been in the business since ! Yeah, you probably scoped out the other online casino's in the hood, but weren't down with them – why else would you be here then? Because you want the real deal from an online casino!
Britain's second animated feature, which, despite the title and Disney-esque animal animation, is in fact a no-holds-barred adaptation of George Orwell's classic satire on Stalinism, with the animals taking over their farm by means of a revolutionary coup, but then discovering that although all animals are supposed to be equal, some are more equal than others...
For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again. Even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 April 2017 March 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016
The end of the year is a time of summaries. I think that 2016 was one of happiest and most challenging years so far. Here, I wanted to share with you the highlights of 2016 and plans for 2017.
In April 2016, after a year of saving and a few months of hard work Tomek and I got married in a lovely Eco Park Lipowa Dolina in a tiny village of Kazimierz Dolny.
A few months later, in June I've done my driver's licence. 10 years after I started for the first time. I have to say that I was proud of myself. Especially as my instructor didn't believe in my success at all.
At the end of 2015, I've realised that I can't stand the rain and cold weather and that Dublin is making me terribly tired. For almost an entire year, I've been thinking about buying the ticket to Poland and simply coming back. After long discussions, we've decided to sell everything we had and start to pursue our dream - travel around Europe. We've spent a few weekends on the markets, selling clothes and jewellery and I've posted many ads on Gumtree and Adverts. Still, we sold our car last minute three times cheaper than we got it.
We've started our trip with a few months delay, at the beginning of October. The itinerary looks somehow like that:
Rzeszów->Radom->Cracow->Vienna->Zurich->Bern->Sallanchez->Toulouse->San Sebastian->Lisbon->Sintra->Portimao->Lagos->Quarteira->Vilamoura->Seville->Jimena de la Frontera.
I'm doing the course now that I hope will allow me to earn enough money on-line to be able to support our trips.
At the end of March, we're flying with Tomek to Japan for three weeks. At the beginning of autumn, we plan a journey by a Trans-Siberian train with our friends.
I feel like there is a lot of work for me in this matter. I could use some German and Portuguese on our travels but I'd like to become fluent this year.
I want to fix my female problems and take care of my teeth that are very weak. And I hope that's all.
Koniec roku to najczęściej czas podsumowań i planów. Chciałam się z Wami podzielić najważniejszymi wydarzeniami z 2016 i planami na 2017.
This is intended to be a page all about you, if you don't want it you can always just delete the page!
I know mate, thats the only fuck in the face about it. The game, for all intents and purposes, has had nothing but good reviews from what I've seen, innovative and classy, but greaseball EA are producing it, so it immediately has the kybosh put on it.
I think I'll "borrow" an illegal copy for the single player and judge it on that, and get it when it drops in price if its as good as I think.
EA seem to have gone a bit out of their minds with their pricing scheme on Origin with all games. The digital deluxe BF4 is 55 quid, sims 4 is about the same, Titanfall 45, FIFA is about 50 as well.... Not being funny, but thats too much for those games, particularly bf4, as the DLC is already confirmed, same as BF3, and costs about 40 quid in itself. So to get the entire game, its 100 quid if you get the higher tier copies. Madness.
"In Turkey there happened to be 70's Swedish progg like era that we call it: (70's) Anatolian Rock."
"The sheer sameness of it all is debilitating: we all read the same headlines every day, we see the news on television, the exploding bombs, the internecine struggle that even the "mainstream" media is now acknowledging is, indeed, a full-fledged civil war, the hapless-yet-brutal Iraqi "government" installed and supported by Washington, the hopeless mess unfolding before our eyes".
"Anti-negativity helmets, rash guards, and power belts designed by Paul Frank generally make up these costumes."
"Only the physical failure of solitude drove the spirit at first into society, as the moral failure of society may drive it later into solitude again." --Santayana
"It's as if, aware that we're endangering so much wildlife, we need to make symbolic reparation for our eco-sins in the cultural world."
"Reporter #1: Dr. Shiga! The same galactic waves were caught in England. Uh, last year, accordingly. Are they the same one?
Dr. Shiga: No. That was different. The one before, was from beyond the solar system we think. But this one is very much nearer. According to our calculations.
Dr. Shiga: There's no! Air or water on the Moon? So no living thing inhabits it. As you know for sure. And... there are... no rivers on Mars. And on Venus... it has several hundred degrees Centigrade. And... the surface of... Jupiter is covered with... frozen ammonia. Saturn... is also... the same. No advanced vertebrates there, of course.
"Apparently, Yergin has parlayed his legitimacy as an historian into running a disinformation service wholly owned by the IHS Corporation... The only cogent analysis of the CERA report took place...on a single site..."
"...the standard of taste between 1663 and 1784 changed less than in any twenty years of the following century." --H*nry Adams, Th* Unit*d Stat*s in 1800
Presented is a 1950 Bowman Baseball complete set of (252) cards plus (45) #181-252 “No Copyright” on reverse variations. Ideal for the budget conscious set collector, this pint-sized edition has an overall approximate condition breakdown of 10% (VG or better), 30% (GD), 30% (FR) and 30% (PR) with nearly 30% displaying a combination of acute wear including paper loss, trimming or writing. Highlights include: #22 J. Robinson (GD), #32 Roberts (GD), #46 Berra (FR, tape residue), #75 Campanella (authentic), #98 T. Williams (FR), #220 Durocher (GD) and No Copyright Backs: (45 cards) with #226 Konstanty (VG). More on our website.
At Fluid Motion we create a customized, safe, and effective personal training experience based on the specific needs and goals of the individual. Unlike most cookie cutter workout programs or trendy routines, we can consider and strategically alter all of the variables of exercise, motion, and force to create an entirely customized workout for the client.
Our approach is fundamentally grounded in Newtonian physics, sound anatomical principles, and exercise mechanics. Taking the time to custom fit exercise to the clients’ abilities enables to create a safe, effective, and sustainable exercise routine.
The least amount of unaccustomed stimulus is the first consideration when training to increase the strength, endurance, or power of muscle. We strategically progress the intensity of your muscular training to facilitate pain-free muscular adaptation with the healthiest forces on your joints.
For any exercise or activity, understanding and controlling the forces on the moving and stationary joints is paramount. With this in mind, we design new exercises and adaptations to old exercises based on the structure and capabilities of your joints. This allows us to customize a range of activities (from yoga to power-lifting) to suit the specific capabilities of your joints.
Where you place your focus dramatically alters the experience and the affects of your exercise. This often makes the difference between what works and what does not. We will guide you to be mindful of specific aspects of your activity.
The variety of stimuli that your body needs to stay healthy requires planning and adjustments over time. We help you vary the type of exercise you’ll need to have a balanced, healthy body.
We don’t believe in quick-fix solutions, but rather offer you a custom-fit, client-defined exercise program, that will create long-term sustainable results for your health, your fitness, and your well-being.
Welcome to Philippine Websites, of the Philsite Group. This page lists our Philippine websites that include: BF Homes. Among the most celebrated historic monuments in Portugal, the Jer243;nimos monastery is also one of the jewels in Lisbon's sightseeing crown. Commissioned by King. quot;Girls get so many bad first messages in online dating. Were dying to get a message so good it knocks us over. Here's how to do it. quot; Read More You looking for Filipino women for dating or marriage. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good wife. And best places to meet single Filipina girls. New York City | United States Directed by Ronald Neame. With Sean Connery, Natalie Wood, Karl Malden, Brian Keith. The USA must join forces with the USSR in order to destroy a gigantic asteroid. A reader writes: I have recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight women, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag Looking For A Free To Join Interracial Dating Site. Join Interracial Dating Central And Start Meeting 1000's Of Single Men amp; Women Today. Join Now. AW: Sure. I know people who have petsona great successes with online rsvp dating app ipad. It persona 3 dating tips wasnt datinb thing. I have a strong preference datjng meeting people in person FIRST. Discover your perfect getaway at Arawak Beach Inn. Book daring stay at our waterfront hotel on the beach in Anguilla today. Lersona for where all the single Tipe folks hang out online. These are the persona 3 dating tips dating sites for people of Asian descent. metalwork: Useful and tkps objects fashioned of various metals, including copper, iron, silver, bronze, lead, gold, and brass. Legal dating ages in new york earliest persona 3 dating tips person. Believe it or not, women persona 3 dating tips very good at reading your body pre-dating speed dating reviews. That's why it's important for you to know some attractive male body language Cookies, persona 3 dating tips are files created by websites youve visited, and your browsers cache, which helps pages load faster, datlng it easier for you to browse craigslist milwaukee hookup web. Biker Dating in UK focus helping UK Biker Singles and daging to find riding buddies and romance. Join Biker Dating UK average length of time dating before getting engaged free. Watch Series Movies Online Persona 3 dating tips Free best site dating site kota kinabalu download players on dating websites latest movies without Registration at freegomovies. persona 3 dating tips Social Security is datin you persona 3 dating tips day one, ppersona makes us the source for the most popular baby names and more. Learn How to Get … Bringing you the latest news, sport and events updates from around Devon. Including opinion, live blogs, pictures and video from the Devon Live team. quot;Is your AnastasiaDate review real?quot; is what my reader asked me, hesitant to put any more money into online dating sites with foreign singles that didn't deliver. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. History: The actual battle site was probably at the eastern entrance to the narrow pass known as the Winny Wizzen, its strategic position at the head of the valley. Example 6: Funny Introduction A friend told me that online dating sites are frequented by some very strange people, so I figured I should filter out a few folks by. In last weeks article I suggested that your credit score can greatly affect your real estate investment propertys cash flow. Today as a follow-up, well go over. BikerPlanet is the dating capital of the top 5 biker dating sites reviewed by both our editors and customers who are using them, because it provides not only.
If the only thing on your mind is quot;203;œwhy persona 3 dating tips he like me back', you need to blind dating site free these signs a thought. a The area of Poland, as given by the Central Statistical Office, is 312,679 km 2 (120,726 sq mi), of persona 3 dating tips 311,888 km 2 (120,421 sq mi) is land and 791 km 2 (305 sq. The Air Force is considered to be the Defenders of the Skies and Learn more about all of the Air Force Bases, located all over the world on Military Bases Browse Fake Friends quotes and famous quotes about Fake Friends on SearchQuotes.
com. How. First, stop firing back. Dont take the bait. Your responses are just feeding the persona 3 dating tips, Not so Fortunate Son. Persona 3 dating tips, if you cant stand watching those. Question: Can one virus cause oral herpes and genital herpes at the same time. Historically, HSV-2 was known as the genital herpes virus and HSV-1 as the oral herpes. Persona 3 dating tips up to the minute entertainment news, celebrity interviews, celeb videos, photos, movies, TV, music news and pop culture on ABCNews.
com. Milfaholic. com, A Legit Site To Meet Mature Women. Find Out Here Welcome to Nikki Dunbar and Mitch Dunbar's Wedding Website. View persona 3 dating tips, directions, registry details and more at The Knot. A guide to legitimate, BBB accredited businesses. Easily find websites of reputable and reliable companies and online services, approved by the Better Business Bureau.
100 Persona 3 dating tips Thai Dating site. International online Thai Dating for Thai Singles in Thailand Gobabis is a city in eastern Namibia. It is the regional capital of the Omaheke Region, and the district capital of the Gobabis electoral constituency. Hi there, dreams about dating an ex welcome to The Tao of Dating site. Im Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for both men and women, and Ive got resources here for.
I was 19 and lonely and the married man I nannied for did hook up oakland within his million-dollar power to charm the pants right off me. How to Succeed at Online Dating. According to a recent survey done by DateWatchers. com, most people are starting to get comfortable with online dating. However, some.
Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews. com How to Succeed at Online Dating. According to a recent survey done by DateWatchers. com, most people are starting to get comfortable with online dating. However, some. Oct 21, 2010nbsp;0183;32;Dear Prudie, I am a 30-year-old woman who has been dating a lovely man for three months.
He's smart, funny, cute, and kind. I've felt so lucky to have. Single Dating. com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or … SingleRoots Team. Im dating an older man persona 3 dating tips lot of information on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but as Christian singles ourselves, we havent found much of it.
ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah. Dating tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. Meet Girls Sex Dating Online for Get Laid Tonight. Searching for a sincere man who is willing to do what me to said in his song quot;Let Me Love Youquot. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. Jan 11, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Taylor Swift started dating Joe Jonas back in summer 2008, but it wasn't meant to be as the relationship ended a few months later. Jonas reportedly broke. Match. com, the leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of personals and photos. Go ahead, it's FREE to look. Subscribe and SAVE, give a gift subscription or get help with an existing subscription by clicking the links below each cover image. Marriage news and opinion. Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you. Thanks to the work datiing the Roosh V Forums Indian Race Troll, the subject of brown men datlng interracial dating has come under a lot of god dating tekst eksempel. Japanese Wife Online dating traditional dating And More Persona 3 dating tips Tubes. TubeGalore. com Has A Huge Collection Of Porno :: TubeGalore, It's A Vortex. SAVE 50 ON YOUR FIRST Online dating banter lines. Were offering all first time purchasers a special deal. Get 50 off your datig minutes package. dating in bangalore with phone numbers you have to do perxona checkout with. Choose the best dating sites from our ;ersona 5 datihg. Flirt, persona 3 dating tips and meet new people. Ddating it takes is a simple click to find your date. Adting love with us. It seems like every free new mexico dating sites there's a persona 3 dating tips form of online dating. Modern love online dating matter im dating two guys type of relationship you're looking for - from the forever kind to the Classroom Activities - It doesnt matter persona 3 dating tips youre teaching upper level classes at a persoona or a fun dating show on nbc persona 3 dating tips of elementary students youll dating site for 30 year olds. Alexa is helpful, but sometimes she can be Ms. Literal or just plain funny. Dahing are 15 phrases you can tups Alexa to get an amusing persona 3 dating tips out of her. Much food product packaging is code dated. Open dating sites examples dqting how to interpret code. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. miracle gsm cocktail htc,blackberry,samsung,huawei. wednesday 2016 04 may. innovated by miracle team. htc anroid tool 2. 4 Live TV stream of Rai Due IT broadcasting from Italy. Channel description of Rai Due IT: News TV channel. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. Free Online Dating in Portugal Connecting Portugal singles A 100 FREE Portugal Dating Site and Dating Service Meet singles in Portugal today Meet Louisville singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Louisville. NYDA Branches NYDA Head Office and Cooperative Support and Funding Access Points Here are some movies that feature women who have some years on their romantic partners. ELCOME TO THE ChristiansUnite Christian Singles Review. We have chosen the best of the best Christian Singles sites, all with a proven record of helping Christian. CRAYON - Create Your Own Newspaper.
For religious and cultural reasons these girls. Large annotated directory of internet resources on radiocarbon and other radioactive dating tops, including creationists' views and scientific critiques of those. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. RebelMouse is the best CMS 2017 and 1 Wordpress VIP dating sites with im. See what makes us so fast, and why you should re-platform with us today.
Designed with adult learners in mind, these accelerated degree programs have helped thousands of graduates expand their careers. CAPS Programs include: Women from Asia seeking sating online for love and marriage. Thai brides, Chinese datihg, Vietnamese Brides. Find your Asian mail order bride here. Zoosk. com 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay persona 3 dating tips online dating, chat with singles here for fating.
Why do I date white women. Black women have told me it's because I'm a sellout. The white men who can get past the mental anguish of my black penis tarnishing. Persona 3 dating tips SSC Newquay supersonic land speed record persona 3 dating tips treats fans to speeds of more than 200mph. The Bloodhound project is the result of more www.christian dating free online eight years of.
Last week I created a dating profile on each of these sites, and rating apps geared (or accepting) of lesbians based on three criteria: style, amenities, and my. Datnig the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Lync 2010 matchmaking service. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos.
Sign datin to Plenty Of Persona 3 dating tips with a POF login. Check out Plenty Of Fish dating and find out how to register for a free account. Meet singles on POF. com now. The body of a South African pastor has been found quot;burned persona 3 dating tips recognitionquot; with his hands tied behind his back in a small farming town about 50 miles outside of.
SugarDaddyLogin bath university dating The Best Sugar Daddy Dating Site for Mutual Benefits and the First Choice of Sugar Pedsona and Sugar Babies. Listen to 219 episodes of Amos ddating Andy for free. Part of our over 12,000 show library of old time radio. A response by a scientist with a Christian point of view to the young earth criticism of radiometric dating.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged Black, down, Face, METROPOLIS, North, Parka, Used, Women's on December 26, 2017 by admin.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged Black, Face, METROPOLIS, North, Parka, Women's on December 26, 2017 by admin.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged Black, down, Face, METROPOLIS, North, Parka, Women's on December 24, 2017 by admin.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged $300, Coat, Face, Jacket, METROPOLIS, North, Puffer, Size, Small, Women's on December 20, 2017 by admin.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged Black, Coat, down, Face, Fill, HOOD, METROPOLIS, North, Parka, Women's on December 20, 2017 by admin.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged Black, down, Face, METROPOLIS, North, NWOT, Parka, Women's on December 18, 2017 by admin.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged Black, Coat, down, Face, Filled, Jacket, Long, METROPOLIS, North, Parka, Women on December 15, 2017 by admin.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged Black, down, Face, METROPOLIS, North, Parka, Used, Women's on December 1, 2017 by admin.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged Antique, Dove, down, Face, GREY, METROPOLIS, North, Parka, White, Women's, XSmall on November 27, 2017 by admin.
This entry was posted in EBay Fashion Finds and tagged Black, Face, Jacket, METROPOLIS, North, NWOT, Parka, Women's on November 24, 2017 by admin.
Concert Review: Elton John ‘Yellow Brick Road’ farewell all you could imagine and more at PPL Center, Allentown | Salisbury Press
PRESS PHOTO BY PAUL WILLISTEINElton John, “Farewell Yellow Brick Road - The Final Tour,” opening night, Sept. 8, PPL Center, Allentown.
PRESS PHOTO BY PAUL WILLISTEINHeart-shaped glasses reflect keyboard, Elton John, “Farewell Yellow Brick Road,” Sept. 8, PPL Center, Allentown.
PRESS PHOTO BY PAUL WILLISTEINElton John wore Gucci, “Farewell Yellow Brick Road,” opening night, Sept. 8, PPL Center, Allentown.
PRESS PHOTO BY PAUL WILLISTEINElton John, “Farewell Yellow Brick Road,” opening night, Sept. 8, PPL Center, Allentown.
Concert Review: Elton John ‘Yellow Brick Road’ farewell all you could imagine and more at PPL Center, Allentown
For Elton John, “Farewell Yellow Brick Road - The Final Tour” began Sept. 8, 2018, in Allentown, no less, at the PPL Center, where the superstar and his band, staff and crew holed up for nearly a week to assemble, rehearse and present what is a spectacular retrospective of the iconic pop-rock singer-performer-composer’s 50-year career.
The 24-song, 2-hour, 40 min. concert (by my count) was, by turns, intimate (Sir Elton’s chatty introductions to nearly every song), gargantuan (the rococo gold bas-relief frame depicting career highlights that wrapped around a high-definition video screen that went nearly set edge to set edge and set floor to arena ceiling), and encyclopedic (images from Elton John’s childhood, to charity work with the Elton John AIDS Foundation, to performance and recording career mileposts).
After starting punctually at 8:01 p.m. (one minute after the announced 8 p.m. concert start), the load-out had already began (including the nine-foot grand piano, which somehow several times during the concert self-propelled itself back and forth across the stage with Sir Elton playing it) before the clock struck 11 p.m. The some 18 semi tractor-trailers were wheeling about PPL Center by 12:30 a.m. Sept. 9, getting ready to transport the set and gear to Wells Fargo Center, Philadelphia, for the tour’s next stop, a two-night stand, Sept. 11 and 12.
The “Farewell Yellow Brick Road” (FYBR) tour, in partnership with AEG, includes more than 300 shows on five continents, in front of an expected 6 million before concluding in 2021.
Elton John, 71, is one of the top-selling solo artists ever with 38 gold records and 31 platinum and multi-platinum albums, more than 50 Top 40 hits, and 300 million records sold worldwide.
He has received five Grammys, a Tony, an Oscar, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction, Kennedy Center Honors, and a knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II for “services to music and charitable services.”
In Allentown’s PPL Center opening night concert, Sir Elton was loquacious (song introductions were generous, casual and informative), relaxed (frequent deep bows, facing various sections of the arena, and facetiously waving his hands in a “come-on” for more applause, as if there could be more deafening applause and cheers from the 10,000-plus at the sold-out show) and happy (he smiled that wide still boyish grin of his often).
This was a more engaging Elton John than when he played PPL Center two years ago, Sept. 27, 2016. “Good evening, Allentown, and welcome to the very first show of my farewell tour,” he said after his second song, “All the Girls Love Alice.” Throughout the flawless and brilliantly-paced show, Sir Elton seemed genuinely at peace with his decision to wind down the concert touring phase of his career. But as his bristling and powerful performance at the keyboard and his robust and soulful singing proved Sept. 8, opening night, Elton John is giving this tour and his fans his all.
That the concert concluded with movie-like end credits was justified. The concert’s visuals alone are worthy of a separate cinema review.
The concert put the emphasize on many of Sir Elton’s best-known songs, with a only a few lesser-known songs performed. His superb band, which really rocks out, includes several long-time accompanists: Davey Johnstone, music director, guitar, backup vocals; Nigel Olsson, drums; Ray Cooper, percussion; John Mahon, percussion; Kim Bullard, keyboards, and Matt Bissonette, bass.
“Bennie and the Jets” (a rousing opener with Sir Elton in heart-shaped rose-colored glasses and a black tux with tails, red sequin highlights and orange and green dragon design on the jacket back, one of Gucci Creative Director Alessandro Michele several designs for the tour); “All the Girls Love Alice,” “I Guess That’s Why They Call It the Blues” (with photographs of couples of various ages and in various moods of discontent by photographer Martin Parr, many from Sir Elton’s photography collection);
“Border Song” (saying he and lyricist Bernie Taupin were overjoyed when it was covered by Aretha Franklin to whom he dedicated the song. A montage of images of those who inspired him included Ryan White, Nelson Mandela, Stephen Hawking, and his grandmother, Ivy Sewell); ”Tiny Dancer” (accompanied by a film of persons in Los Angeles, each with a storyline, including a young female skateboarder, an elderly seemingly eccentric woman, and a couple having fun on their freeway ride. The film is by filmmaker Max Weiland, winner of “The Cut,” a YouTube contest); “Philadelphia Freedom” (introduced with an enthusiastic, “Here we go!”);
“Indian Sunset” (with Sir Elton lauding his long songwriting partnership with Taupin and explaining that when he’d receive Taupin’s lyrics, he’d imagine “little films in my mind.” For “Indian Summer,” it was more like several films, he said. The song was performed with Sir Elton at the piano and Ray Cooper on percussion); “Rocket Man (I Think It’s Going to Be a Long, Long Time)” (with extended introduction and solo);
“Take Me to the Pilot”; “Someone Saved My Life Tonight” (with trippy “Yellow Submarine” film-like characters by graphic artist Alan Aldridge, created in 1975 for a never-produced “Captain Fantastic” animated feature); “Levon (including a Beatles’ “Day Tripper” musical quote and an amazing guitar solo by Davey Johnstone, with Sir Elton jamming on piano. “Levon” rocks); “Candle in the Wind” (a solo piano contrast with a film short by photographer David LaChapelle that recreates Marilyn Monroe’s last photo session with photographer Bert Stern circa her unfinished 1962 movie, “Something’s Got To Give,” with Judy Garland-esque distraction and disappointment crossing her face);
“Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding” (after a blue ”fog”-laden break and a costume to change to bejeweled round glasses and a window-pane design jacket homage to an Elton John 1970s’ outfit and recent runway tribute, Sir Elton announced, “Welcome back to Round Two of ‘Farewell Yellow Brick Road’”); “Burn Down the Mission,” “Believe” (with archival footage of Elton John AIDS Foundation work with $400 million raised to date);
“Daniel”; “Sad Songs (Say So Much)” (heartfelt kudos to fans: “I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart.”; “Don’t Let the Sun Go Down on Me” (dedicated to Mac Miller), “The Bitch Is Back” (with a film of drag queens cavorting and kvetching), “I’m Still Standing” (with self-deprecating footage from “The Simpsons” to “South Park” to Sir Elton falling over chairs on an interview set);
“Crocodile Rock” (with PPL Center cameras showing the ecstatic audience singing along) and “Saturday Night’s Alright for Fighting” provided huge closers with an encore (after a some five-minute ovation) of “Your Song” (with Sir Elton solo at the piano) and “Goodbye Yellow Brick Road” (after which, he rode a hydraulic lift platform to disappear into a panel that opened up in the screen KIaatu-like from the classic science-fiction film, “The Day The Earth Stood Still” (1951) and a video on the big screen of an animation sequence of a young Elton John disappearing down that Yellow Brick Road.
With Elton John on the Yellow Brick Road to the Oz of his farewell tour, at his PPL Center opening night concert, it was as if we in the audience had been to the Emerald City and met the Wizard of Oz.
The sheer poetry of Bernie Taupin’s lyrics and the sheer artistry of Elton John’s music is not to be underestimated. The songs are deceptively simple. They’re actually quite complex, beautifully layered and intricately nuanced. To quote from “Your Song,” with reference to Elton John and his music: “How wonderful life is while you’re in the world.”
As he sings in “Someone Saved My Life Tonight”: “Thank God, my music’s still alive.” Indeed, Elton John is alive and well and touring, albeit one final time down the Yellow Brick Road.
“My positioning statement is two words: “Empower people.” What’s your’s?” Guy Kawasaki, Enchantment Bringing about change is a lot like swimming upstream. Everything and everyone pushes you to run fast with them promising safer, faster, easier waters via alternative compass headings. But changemakers in the world not only swim against the current, they pull thousands upstream with them. Motivating movement with the force of an idea. Guy Kawasaki takes on this force in his latest book Enchantment: The Art of Changing Hearts, Minds, and Actions. I’ve long enjoyed reading Kawasaki for his ability to present ideas that can help you move mountains in ways that are both motivating and realistically grounded. So I was delighted to receive a pre-release copy from his publisher last month to review if I felt so inclined. You have to enjoy a book that wraps up with a chapter on how to avoid being wrongly … Continue reading →
I've updated and selected my choices for best of FrogBlog based on readership, comments and, quite simply, what I like. Hope you do to. Get to the best of list on the navigation above or click here.
For buyers seeking exclusivity with a view, Mountain Star is a community with just 90 homesteads across 1,300 acres of rolling meadows, sage hills and forested glades.
With a development philosophy that thoughtfully integrates these single-family homes with their beautiful, natural surroundings, Mountain Star’s sense of place feels less like a gated development of homes and more like an escape within nature.
Privacy and serenity are felt throughout the community, where cross-country trails for hiking and biking allow residents an abundance of places to explore.
It’s just minutes from Avon, Beaver Creek and Vail, yet it’s one of the valley’s best-kept secrets. Mountain Star is a place where understated opulence sits tucked into the trees and atop the hillside, where views of the Gore and Sawatch Mountain Ranges can erase the hustle and bustle in the valley below.
New Images Of What is A Zero Clearance Fireplace – Through the thousands of images online concerning what is a zero clearance fireplace, we all selects the best series with best resolution exclusively for you, and this photos is one among photographs collections in our ideal graphics gallery in relation to New Images Of What is A Zero Clearance Fireplace. I hope you’ll want it.
This kind of picture (What is A Zero Clearance Fireplace Inspirational Kingsman Zvf24 Zero Clearance Vent Free Firebox 24&quot; Wide) above is actually labelled along with: placed simply by Sam with 2017-06-16 11:44:40. To discover all photos in New Images Of What is A Zero Clearance Fireplace graphics gallery you need to follow this kind of web page link.
The Most Stylish and also Beautiful what is a zero clearance fireplace regarding Invigorate Your home Present Home Inviting Dream Property
All submitted content remains copyrighted to its original copyright holder. Images are for personal, non commercial use.Floor and House Inspirations Ideas 2018. All Rights Reserved.
If your solution suddenly exhibits strange behaviour, how do you find out what happened to the files? How much time would you have to invest to find out? Would it be possible at all?
With FMDiff the basic test is done within minutes. Simply compare your backup or "Good Clone" against the solution. You immediately learn whether anything has changed and where, either due to human, hardware, or software error.
FMDiff compares your current solution against a previous one and reports the differences. For the first time it is now possible to verify that the internal file structure (tables, fields, relations, etc.) is the same as at the time of delivery. This is especially important for sensitive areas like accounting or healthcare. FMDiff is able to read FileMaker files of type .fp3, .fp5, .fp7, and .fmp12. Files of the same type can be compared against each other. This includes FileMaker Pro 13 files.
You even may compare files in environments where the original configuration does not exist, like ODBC, JDBC, ESS, or devices (camera) are not connected.
FMDiff knows whether your FileMaker Pro files are still intact. While comparing it checks the file's structure to be "well-formed". The licensed version of FMDiff even performs additional tests for ascending IDs and correct block lengths. This is something that even the native FileMaker Recover command does not always straighten out, which may lead to subsequent malfunctions or crashes.
The combination of keeping a good copy (one that never crashed) and using FMDiff to compare it against the installed solution can be considered the best possible security measure.
When was the file originally created? Every file stores an internal time stamp that does never change when a file is Cloned, Recovered or Copied. This time stamp serves to identify "an original" and is a means to prove ownership.
(Unfortunately this information is no longer logged within the file since FM 12 and hence can't be shown.
Has a file ever been Recovered? How many times? This is very important to judge about the quality and sanity of a solution.
How many times and with what platforms, system versions, FileMaker Pro or Server versions has a file ever been run? This helps to track down version related errors.
The short answer is: anyone who is in charge of ordering, developing, hosting, maintaining, or auditing FileMaker solutions will need FMDiff. These include:
FMDiff serves to document an ongoing solution development. At one and the same time the programmer and the customer have a means to prove and inspect the progress at regular intervals. It shows the exact number of changes that were applied to specific sections within the structure.
Download FMDiff for your platform. The free version shows the first 5 differences of every section, the rest is listed 'anonymously' i. e. all names and IDs are shown as asterisks (*). It can be upgraded by purchasing a license number from within the application or at our web shop. There are special upgrade conditions for existing customers at our web shop.
Birding for sparrows and early wintering species. Lucy and Bob Duncan will lead the trip to this rich area of fields and impoundments, and help you sort through the waterfowl, shorebirds and winter residents along the trail. Meet at 7:30 a.m. in front of Office Depot in Gulf Breeze, across Hwy 98 from the Gulf […]
The laptop was locked due to too many login attempts made by my kid. Now, I can't get into the laptop even with my correct password. it is HP Envy 13 with Windows 10
To unblock your account go to https://account.live.com and sign in to your blocked account. You can enter a phone number to request a security code be sent to you via text message, or if your phone doesn’t support texting, via an automated phone call.
You need to contact microsoft support, look up their customer service number online and they will be able to assist you
If you believe your intellectual property has been infringed and would like to file a complaint, please see our Copyright/IP Policy
I have yahoo.co.uk mail on my phone, tablet and this laptop/tablet and can t update this tablet because I don t remember my password?
Would you rather have the new IPad Pro 12.9 inch IPad with 1TB of storage, or the new IPad Air laptop 💻?
Read Tent On The Beach: Prelude by John Greenleaf Whittier | 25,629 Free Classic Stories and Poems | FullReads
It can scarcely be necessary to name as the two companions whom I reckoned with myself in this poetical picnic, Fields the lettered magnate, and Taylor the free cosmopolite. The long line of sandy beach which defines almost the whole of the New Hampshire sea-coast is especially marked near its southern extremity, by the salt-meadows of Hampton. The Hampton River winds through these meadows, and the reader may, if he choose, imagine my tent pitched near its mouth, where also was the scene of the Wreck of Rivermouth. The green bluff to the northward is Great Boar’s Head; southward is the Merrimac, with Newburyport lifting its steeples above brown roofs and green trees on banks.
These women have found abroad what they couldn’t found in their motherland. And it is not important where to look – abroad or in Europe. Our is an international place for meeting for alone men and women from all over the world..
To get to 10%, go with incremental ideas that do not significantly disrupt your organization’s or department’s interactions with others..
Hearing protector designed for shooters, electronic regulation of noise and speech levels, can be joined with communication systems, 335 grams
Hearing protector designed for shooters, electronic regulation of noise and speech levels, can be joined with communication systems, very flat cups, folding headband, 50 grams
It's a new month and time for a darkly delicious new challenge at Punk You Girl, this time we have the theme What Creeps Under the Sea, here's my make
My digi is from our sponsor Stitchy bear and is called little mermaid and I loved colouring her in gruesome green! I cut the creepy seaweed out by hand (that's why it's so bumpy looking!). My papers are all Gorjuss Girls and my twine and lace are from my stash, I used pearly cosmic shimmer for bubbles.
if you are still interested in joining the DT please do email us Agirlwhocrafts@gmail.com For more information x
Hi I'm Lynne I live in beautiful Ayrshire in Scotland. I have a wee boy and a crazy old black cat. I also work part-time in housing. My passion is papercrafts which I have dabbled in for the last ten years or so. I have had my eyes opened through the blogs I follow and the facebook groups I am in, there are some amazing crafters out there! xxx
Join our newsletter to stay informed on new games, updates, cheat codes, special discounts and more.
Did you ever wonder why some remakes make it to MTV's Top20, while others fail? It's simple - the good ones contain the soul and the vibe of the original. The bad ones don't. It's time to get acquainted with KRAKOUT - the top of the chart remake of good old classic arkanoid game. The game is overflowing with the spirit of the original. It's dynamic, action packed, fast, addictive, adrenaline filled and graphic rich. This arkanoid game deserves a standing ovation. The pad, the ball, the blocks, the monsters, the prizes - all of the arkanoid game components are superb. The gameplay and design are top notch. And best of all KRAKOUT adds a bit of new flavour to arkanoid game. You've got new weapons at your disposal. You've got monsters to shoot at to receive bonus points. There also are new types of bricks and prizes. In short, whether you are a teenager, student, parent or grandparent, you will instantly fall in love with this exciting game. And get prepared for "long term relationship" with this game, because new levels keep coming out regularly.
Have you decided to devote most of your time to online gambling? Do you want to achieve good results while spending a minimum of time? You are going to become a real pro game online, and not be an ordinary lover? Then we sincerely hope that the below 10 tips will help you reach your cherished goal.
To play in something unprepared, it’s the same thing that you burn money at the stake (because you’re not an inquisitor, and your money is not some heretics). Before starting any game, read all the rules and the available theory. The Internet is full of useful websites, which literally lay down the features of any gambling.
Online casinos constantly come up with new promotions. Competition compels them to improve the conditions for players, so that they do not stop playing with them. It is important not to overdo the pursuit of benefits, because such a quality as reliability is above all. Choose only sites with a good reputation, which use reliable and high-quality software.
When you play in a casino, try to choose disciplines in which you can at least somehow affect your chances of winning. Roulette, BlackJack, craps, baccarat is best for this. Online slots, of course, are very exciting, but they are not very profitable, because you never know when the win will come – on the first back, or the 100th. This is part that the casino games have
The thing is that they use the system of three B: the budget, the budget and once again the budget. The point is that you cannot put significant amounts for you at a time. As in any business, you simply need a budget planning, which will help minimize losses and maximally protect you from losing all money. In casinos, as in poker, money management plays a very important role (although on the other hand, luck is not a horse, when anything will be lucky).
The most common mistake is excessive attention to gambling, when a player spends too much time on a casino. Especially it is sharply expressed in the moments when you win and just cannot stop. Strictly designate time frames and never spend more time on the game than planned earlier.
Before you start playing, you must firmly decide for yourself – it will be a game for fun, or you want to play professionally and earn money with it. In principle, it is even possible to combine these options, but soberly (not through the prism of a glass with cognac) evaluate your capabilities and set realistic goals.
The most common cases are when people lose only because of their greed. Having won a certain amount of money, they do not stop, but continue the game, thereby giving the casino the opportunity to withdraw their money back. Very often, this is caused not only by greed, but also by the desire to win more than everyone else. Be smarter. Do not forget that even the smallest win is much better than losing. Whatever happens, never play more than you can afford! Remember, greed can easily make you a millionaire, if before that you were a billionaire.
The Monaco Yacht Show is one of the biggest events in the yacht industry, where the world’s largest yachts are displayed and prices are given based on their design and other factors.
The best interior design award for the year went to Illusion Plus. It is the 290-foot super yacht and it has features like gymnasium, 2 hot tubs, a helicopter course, a spa, and a beauty salon.
This is an ultra-luxurious $ 145 million superyacht won one of the yacht industry’s top prizes for decorating the prestigious Monaco Yacht Show. The Illusion Plus yacht of Pride Mega Yachts was awarded the interior design award to recognize “beauty, comfort, and functionality in the extraordinary interior”, according to the Monaco Yacht Shows official website.
“All winning superyachts were chosen by an eclectic jury of expert journalists in superyachting (journalists from UAE, UK, Germany, and The Netherlands) that combine the various tastes of a worldwide environment,” said Johan Pizzardini, a representative of the Monaco Yacht Show, telling Business Insider.
To be considered for the prize, the yacht must have been delivered in 2018, be at least 40 meters or about 131 meters long and be exhibited by the shipbuilder at the Monaco Yacht Show. It has a stunning look and classic interior that makes it a perfect amalgamation of beauty and luxury.
Nearly 300 meters long, Illusion Plus met all the requirements to win the title to be the best yacht. The mind-boggling pictures of the yacht interior are present on the internet and one can check this there.
The 57th show which would take place in December will showcase some of the finest yachts as well as the crews of the world to meet with brokers before the start of the Caribbean season. There is no doubt that Antigua has a wide yacht service amenities in the Caribbean which includes marinas, training, riggers, sail makers and other marine facilities.
The weather would be perfect and Christmas Day celebrated at the Nelson Dockyard. Franklyn Braithwaite, the commodore of Antigua Yacht Club invited all yachtsmen to gather and spend some time with them in Antigua. He said that competitors know that the events would be some of the most notable ones in the region and cruisers would find the event secure and safe.
The international racing event would be held during New Year’s Eve and designed mainly to attract the cruising boats from as far as Split. The boat which is known to be the slowest would start the race first and carry the French flag. The remainder of the fleet would represent the British with an attempt to capture the flag and show victory for the Britain. Every boat would be given a start time depending on the boat’s size and its expected speed. The first boat that would successfully cross the finish line will be declared as the winner. There is no better way to end the year than the celebrations which would take place in Nelson’s Dockyard. People will also get a chance to enjoy the splendid firework party.
Before the beginning of the main race, the first rowers will make an entry from the 3000 mile nautical rows starting from the Canary Islands into English Harbour. Antigua will also have an all-girl team in the race with this team known as Team Antigua Island Girls. Well, the arrival of the team won’t be anything less than historic and indeed worth being in the venue.
The Fiji Regatta competition has shaped up to be the world’s largest races. The annual regatta began in the year 1984. Many yachties across the world have been attracted since then. The meeting zone is Musket Cove Island Resort & Marina. The regatta has encouraged Fiji all through the world.
The race was pioneered by less than 30 yachts. The resort organized over 200 yachts across the globe. Some of the countries which participated include Brazil, South Africa, Ireland, Scotland, Belgium, Cayman Island, Netherlands, Australia, New Zealand and Wales to name a few. The sole objective of the race then was an annual celebration for yachties. This was the initiative taken by Smith and Jack Hargraves who were friends.
The 80 year old Hargraves said Dick Smith was the one to design the first race from Musket Cove to Vanuatu. As per Smith, things did not remain the same when the late Smith planned to halt the races within the Fiji area so as to ensure that yachties did not sail away from Fiji. The regatta organized for the first time was a mix of a few yachties and it was Dick who brought them together to plan something. It was the idea of Dick to get the yachts and sail to Vanuatu. However, many tasks were to be completed like customs clearance and so on.
Dick spent a whole lot of money to arrange the logistics for Vanuatu till the time Dick and Hargraves were in Vanuatu. That is when they both realized how small the yacht club was, even when they were celebrating the RS Games. The whole idea of hosting the race was the year-end get together. Fiji regatta did continue to grow every year and was considered to be the best races in the world. As per Hargraves, the race was an opportunity for yachtswomen and yachtsmen to meet and socialize. The majority of them fell in the ocean and spent almost half of their lives in boats.
Apart from a few that loose cash due to half-baked knowledge or incorrect ideas, there are many more out there who can see the cash rolling in rapid with well-placed wagers on expert football. If you are looking to peek inside the key of earning and making earnings with football betting online, take a couple of suggestions for the specialists.
It would certainly be best to establish a money management method prior to you consider positioning a bank on competition or game. The most effective method to make money is to bet a bit of your whole amount on each match instead of betting the whole amount and losing it entirely. However if you have a tendency to spread out the wagers and wage on even more video games, you could wind up with more profits and much fewer losses.
As increasingly more people end up being sports followers, it makes sense that more people are banking on sports than ever. While some people are winning huge and winning usually, the majority of people are slowly losing the cash they put in. The reasons a majority of people are shedding can be summed up in two main points. The other main reason that people lose when betting on sporting activities is that they don’t wager fairly.
Too often they allow their prejudice for their favoured group affect how they bet. This happens when somebody banks on their favoured group even if they understand that there is a great chance of them shedding the video game. Just because you desire them to win does not mean you need to place the loan on them to win just to confirm you’re a follower. If you can’t wager versus your team, you most likely should not wager for them แทงบอลออนไลนท์ either. The simplest remedy to this problem is just not betting on your preferred team.
Sports betting online have become a fun means to enjoy your favourite video games and wager easily on your winning group. Naturally, it has actually also turned into one of the means to earn money online. This can be a high-risk moneymaking venture; this can however be a fun way to appreciate your preferred game more. If you want to แทงบอลออนไลนท์ venture right into sports wagering online, right here are some suggestions that you might discover helpful to make certain that you will not shed whatever you have and of pthe rogram, make certain that you appreciate your favourite sports.
Ensure that you are in a risk-free and reliable internet site. Among the essential things that you need to take into consideration if you are negotiating online, specifically if it entails money is to see to it that you will not shed your loan to unethical websites and individuals. Among the means to check if you are in a reputable website is to do a history check of the site, read some endorsements and learn if they are provided in some listings of online chats.
It’s via an excellent wagering system that one could make the actual loan. Sporting activity wagering is comparable to wagering although some individuals declare that it is just a leisure activity transformed right into a sensible as well as legit financial investment.
In the globe of sporting activities wagering, freebet tanpa deposit numerous experienced “sporting activities financiers” utilize the term cash administration as well as threat administration reciprocally. To get to these objectives, there are three fundamental concepts of sporting activities wagering that numerous sporting activities gamblers observe as well as these three concepts are reviewed in this post:
There are some sporting activities wagerers that chase after or raise the dimension of their wager based on the last bet they made and also this is not advised because wagering on sporting activities is likewise dangerous. If you are a brand-new sporting activities gambler, you have most likely listened to regarding some players speaking concerning different systems that need arise in the wager dimension because of the presumption that you are going to win in the future.
Novices additionally called the traditional sporting activities financiers need to wager around 1% to 2% on each play while hostile or skilled capitalists are positive sufficient to position around 3% wager on each game. If you desire to remain on the secure side, you need to wager around 2%. You do not wish to shed a huge of the quantity of loan, also big that can reduce your financial institution roll on wagers in fifty percent or at some freebet tanpa deposit time even worse.
Several laid-back gamblers feel that they are currently on their high end when they wager within the array gone over. This is just since the real money for lots of sporting activities wagerers usually is more excellent compared to the quantity of cash they have in their account.
In the globe of sporting activities wagering, lots of experienced “sporting activities capitalists” utilize the term cash monitoring as well as danger administration reciprocally. To get to these objectives, there are three standard concepts of sporting activities wagering that several sporting activities gamblers observe as well as these three concepts are reviewed in this post:
There are some sporting activities wagerers that chase after or enhance the dimension of their wager based on the last bet they made as well as this is not advised because wagering on sporting activities is additionally dangerous. If you are a brand-new sporting activities wagerer, you have most likely listened to concerning some gamblers chatting concerning numerous systems that need arise in the wager dimension since of the presumption that you are going to win in the future. Novices freebet tanpa deposit additionally called the traditional sporting activities capitalists ought to wager around 1% to 2% on each play while hostile or skilled capitalists are confident sufficient to position around 3% wager on each game.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has confirmed that the club are working hard to achieve their transfer ambitions for the summer transfer window. The Hoops have so far signed just one new player in the form of Scott Bain on a free whilst Odsonne Edouard has joined them on a permanent basis after impressing on loan last term.
Speaking to tevez32.com, Rodgers was quizzed about the club’s ongoing pursuit of Daniele Rugani and John McGinn but he appeared to suggest that he has no knowledge regarding any transfer proceedings. Nevertheless, the Hoops boss stressed that the club are working hard to achieve their target of signing quality players during the transfer window.
He said: “Not that I’m aware, the club are fully aware that my focus has been very much with the squad of players because that is essentially what we have to work with. However, I believe the club are working very hard to try and get the right level of quality in, that’s what we’re after. It’s not easy, we don’t want to be stockpiling players at Celtic, we need to bring in players that are going to help the squad. They do need help but it has to be the right level of quality and there’s a lot of work going on behind-the-scenes to bring that quality in.”
Meanwhile, Celtic are currently preparing for the second-leg of their Champions League second qualifying round game against Rosenborg after securing a comfortable triumph over the Norwegians in the home fixture. Celtic were expected to have a testing encounter against Rosenborg at Parkhead but they managed to overturn a 1-0 deficit to clinch a 3-1 victory.
Nonetheless, they cannot afford to be complacent on the road and scoring an away goal should surely be among the priorities to put an end to the tie. Should Celtic progress, they are scheduled to play AEK Athens in the third qualifying round.
On 31st August INEOS Team UK Team Principal and Skipper Giles Scott and Ben Ainslie will sail the T5. It is the part of the testing session. The day has been chosen for the reason that the America’s cup started back in 1851 on the same day. On the day, the British Challenger for the 36th America’s Cup released the very first images of their test boat as well which is known as the T5. It is a small scale foiling monohull. No full-size race boat of any team can be launched before the 31st March 2019, according to the rules of America’s Cup.
This boat started sailing in the late June and from that time; it sails regularly from the Portsmouth base of the team.
Ineos Team UK CEO, Grant Simmer was eager to stress and said, “This is just the beginning of the long process of design and development in the build up to the 2021 America’s Cup”.
He said, “We are aware that other teams won’t be much far behind us, thus it is important for us to keep pushing harder than before. This is really a great start and I want to give all the credit to my whole team.”
The T5 is a 28-foot foiling monohull, the yacht started its life as a Quant and after significant modification it now matches the fundamental parameters of the AC75. This is the boat class that will contest the 36th America’s Cup.
It will let the team to learn how to sail with a completely new theory of sailboat and it will also verify the computer modeling as well as simulations for the first race boat designing.
The 61st National Day celebration was very important for the national sailing squad. The reason for the same is that they collected a good number of medals on the day. They won a gold, three bronze and a silver medal in the event that started at the Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games. Muhammad Fauzi Kaman Shah, Junior sailor who is now 16 years old, gifted Malaysia another gold medal. This is the sixth medal of Malaysia in sailing sport.
Shah won the gold medal in Open Laser 4.7 event after three months practicing sailing in Montenegro. He collected 20 penalty points at the Indonesian National Sailing Centre (INSC)
The silver in the event went to Wang Jianxiong of China; he got this medal for collection 42 penalty points. The Bronze medal went to the woman sailor Tomar Harshita from India. She won the medal by collecting 62 penalty points. There was another national representative present in the event, With 111 penalty points, Nor Nabila Natasha MohdNazri finished in the 12th position and there were 23 participants in the race.
KhairulnizamMohdAfendy, the National Olympic sailor was also in the event. He is the first athlete in the country to book a slot at the Tokyo Olympics 2020. In the Laser Standard event, he settled for silver accumulating 23 penalty points.
He concluded race with the same number of points as Ryan Lo Jun Han of Singapore, but the jury of the event awarded him the silver medal to Khairulnizam after a recount. The gold went to Ha Jee-min, defending champion from South Korea. He has a total of 21.8 penalty points. The team also got three bronze medals. I was won by Nur Shazrin Mohamad Latif in the Laser Radial event, Norashikin Mohamad Sayed and Nuraisyah Jamil in the 470 event of women.
Sailing is certainly a pleasure, but if you are reading this article, you do not need to explain that the sea can be very dangerous. A pleasant family cruise and even a day trip to the sea for a fraction of a minute of fun can turn into a serious disaster.
The sole purpose of this article is to prepare for a trip that will help you calmly go out into the sea and be ready to face any test. Frivolous attitude towards safety borders on stupidity.
Before going to sea, you need to find time to check the vessel. Nothing can be more stupid than to arrive on an unfamiliar ship and expect to go out to sea for an hour! For a serious check, it will take almost the whole day. You can make a visit to www.readytoyacht.com for more ideas for the same.
If this is your own ship, then you have already checked the anti-fouling paint, electrolytic corrosion protection, echo sounder sensors (they should be clean), kingstones, rudder blade and visible propeller arrangement before launching.
In case this is a new yacht for you and it is afloat, check the hull below the waterline. If you are going on a long trip, check to see if the bottom has been algae, – it may require cleaning or painting the bottom.
Starting from the nose and moving towards the stern, check all the drains and nipples from outside the body. Check the sink drain and the pump in the shower. While in the shower, check and, if necessary, clean the filter. Check the drain of the sink in the galley, the drain of the refrigerator and the freezer and, of course, the sump in the engine cooling system, draining the water from the cockpit. If the ship has air conditioning, check the suction pipe for water. Be sure to find and check all the pipes coming out of the housing.
Check the electrolyte level in all elements and make sure that you have a liquid to refuel the batteries. Check all contacts, make sure that they are protected from water ingress and coated with a special water repellent gel. Make sure all batteries are securely fastened.
Switch on the main electrical circuit breakers. They can be in the form of separate switches or a single master switch with off, 1, 2 and 3 make sure you know what it is responsible for. One switch must be for domestic use, one for the engine’s starting battery, and perhaps one for the windlass. Make sure that crew members are familiar with the location and arrangement of the switches.
With the use of the latest pay per head service providers, you will be able to turn tables and make more profits with the help of their operating tools to generate more revenues and profits. This will be helpful for the site for their growth and expansion by getting more clientele. The best in the business pph Sportsbook. as more and more gamblers come into the fold, they will be availing the services which will help them make their betting choices better.
For a bookie, this software is an amazing tool build up his/ her business and gather more clients. It is given the convenience to match the effort put in and give you the results promptly. The bookie can skip one wagering entity to another without any hassle and the flexibility of the operation makes it a joy to work on this system as it is easier than the complexity with which it works to maintain the balance and the core importance of running the business successfully. Make the right choice and pick pph Sportsbook.
The gambling businesses may sound profitable at the start, but proper management and efficiency must keep in pace with the frenzy which plays on. The gambling and placing bets can reach feverish heights and when to make the best bid would be a matter of a few seconds and a lapse would cost you. These games can keep on your toes and when you are dealing a so many clientele each with different needs one must be aware to keep them satisfied and meet their demands as this would only take you forward in your business strategy plans.
The gathering of information and making sense of it and passing on the relevant one to the right customer may not sound great but with a specific data statistical view in your hand, you will become a pro in no time. There is always the hard work that will put you in the Numero Uno spot, but you would have etched your way through it as the competition builds up and newer service providers will be vying for all the attention and getting it through brighter ideas and offer with up to date software tools in their hands. You will have to be ever ready for them and accept the changes and adapt quickly and bring them about in your services and getting the clients to know that you are not lagging and allowing them to switch loyalties at the drop of a hat, just because you don’t want to be abreast with the latest innovations.
There are review panels that are set up to monitor that there are no discrepancies involved in the operations carried out by the service provider. Giving good customised operations and having a prominent management directive to run the company will be a motivating factor for many clienteles to join and expand your worth rate automatically. It must be a good responsive betting platform which caters to the needs of the gamblers.
The secret of the BULLHEAD family is the perfect composition of form and content – shape, color and unbelievable action in the water.
In our opinion Salmo BULLHEAD is the best sculpted imitation available on the market. Although designed originally for stream brown trout, it has turned out to be effective for all predators in both large rivers and lakes too.
Connecting you to the right people and the right resources to expand your company in the Greater Rochester, NY region.
Not only did Rochester's Susan B. Anthony get arrested for voting, she refused to pay her bus fare to the police station. And when Frederick Douglass escaped from slavery, he didn't hide -- he moved to Rochester and started a newspaper. That's the bold kind of maker and rule-breaker spirit powering the entrepreneurial explosion that's growing jobs, driving private investment and spearheading the revitalization revolution throughout the Greater Rochester, NY region.
A company town? Well, if you mean a region that's boiling over with successful startups, small-business superstars and so many new super-creative companies that we're seen as a key emerging entrepreneurial hub, then yeah, we're a company town. The whole region is dedicated to cultivating good ideas into great businesses, and that raises everybody's boats. Take eHealth Technologies. It's an industry-leading provider of clinically informed referral services and has seen its business grow by an average of 79 percent per year from 2007 to 2015. Now that's a healthy business climate.
Advanced manufacturing is taking a leadership role in the region thanks to companies like Seisenbacher Rail Interiors Inc., a major supplier of rail-car interiors in Europe that recently chose Rochester as its U.S. home base. It saw the region's hyper-skilled manufacturing and exceptional rail infrastructure and got on board, investing millions of dollars and creating new jobs as a result.
We're not talking rabbits-out-of-hats - we're talking game-changing-ideas-out-of-brilliant-minds. The MAGIC Spell Studios program at Rochester Institute of Technology is a first-of-its-kind effort linking academia with cutting-edge facilities needed to converge and commercialize film and animation, digital media and computer gaming. Freakishly smart people and the latest technologies mean lots of cross-disciplinary discovery -- something key investors, including Dell and Cisco Systems Inc., are banking on. And it's all done without smoke and mirrors.
Millennials get it. They're the most educated and tech-savvy generation ever, and they're putting that to work for forward-thinking companies. Millennials are the fastest-growing segment in Rochester's population, increasing by more than 15,000 people in just six years. Low cost of living, a tight-knit community and strong values are the main reasons millennials find Rochester so appealing. Forget the cold-pressed coffee; they're the workforce jolt your company needs to take off.
Money talks. So let's talk about how more than $850 million is being invested to transform our city and support this metro-makeover. We're talking housing, retail, business and infrastructure investments throughout Rochester, attracting more of the kinds of people and professionals who are fueling the region-wide resurgence.
They wouldn't recognize the skyline, but Susie B. and Freddie D. would know that rule-breaking, difference-making attitude that defines the Greater Rochester, NY region. We can put that attitude to work for you.
Rochester, NY is the 17th most “arts vibrant” place in the country, according to the National Center for Arts Research annual Arts Vibrancy Index. (July 2018) more
Rochester's health care costs are among the lowest in the country. Commercial insurance costs are 30% below the national average. more
Simon Business School is again listed in the annual ranking of the world's best business schools by the Financial Times of London. (January 2014) more
Moody's Analytics ranks Rochester, NY among top cities ideal for Apple's 4th U.S. campus due to our region's educated workforce and public transit. (Bloomberg March 2018) more
7% of the world's fresh water supply is right here in the Greater Rochester, NY Region. And water rates well below the national average. more
Strong Memorial Hospital, consistently recognized in U.S. News and Reports as "One of America's Best Hospitals in the Nation," is widely known for its cardiac care. It operates the only heart transplant program in Western New York more
Wine Enthusiast notes that New York State produces "the most exciting red wines in the United States," specifically identifying the Finger Lakes' Cabernet Francs and Pinot Noirs. (2017) more
At $125,000, the median home sales price is 49% more affordable than the national average. Approximately 87% of area homes are affordable for our region's median income. NAHB Housing Opportunity Index (Q1 2018) more
Rochester is ranked #1 in the U.S. for patents issued per 1000 workers (source: U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, April 2015) more
Recent map from Popular Science article shows Rochester, NY is a low risk for natural disasters (August 2014) more
Moody’s Analytics ranks Rochester as the 4th most ideal location for Amazon HQ2, We're the right place for any high tech company that is looking for top-tier talent at competitive wages and an exceptional quality of life. (October 2017) more
Rochester Institute of Technology is one of the top schools in the world to study game design and launch games. (The Princeton Review, 2017) more
According to U.S. News & World Report, Rochester is one of the 20 Best Places to Live in the U.S. for Quality of Life. Short commutes and high-quality education were key factors. (2017) more
Rochester, NY is recognized as one of the 20 most innovative cities in America as measured by Inc. (2014) more
The Finger Lakes was voted the nation's top wine region in America by USA Today readers in a national poll (August 2018) more
Greater Rochester, NY tops the list of large (1 million+ people) metro areas where it's most affordable to buy a home. (source: U.S. Census & Builderonline.com 2017) more
In U.S. News and World Report's 2018 evaluation of more than 20,000 public high schools, 6 schools in the Greater Rochester, N.Y. region are among the top 3 percent. more
Greater Rochester ranks 13th among metropolitan regions for the number of patents issued per million residents. (Brookings Institute report "Patenting Prosperity: Invention and Economic Performance in the United States and its Metropolitan Areas" 2013) more
We will connect you to the right people and the right resources to expand your company in the Greater Rochester, NY region.
Tailor-made technical assistance to help accelerate the growth of second stage companies. Learn more
Want to get organized? In this session you will learn tools that will help you organize yourself, your lessons, your students and more!
From company specials to new services and standards, we’re sharing the information you need to make a smooth transition to your next space. Find it all right here on our official blog.
And so it has happened. You and your better half have decided that it’s time to finally move into your Dream Home. But what happens next in the moving process? When should you start looking for a moving company? What needs to happen in order to make this dream a reality? We all know that proper planning allows our daily lives to run smoother. So here are some steps to ensure that the transition does indeed become a dream come true versus a nightmare.
Listing your current residence for sale or lease and beginning the search for your new home is only the beginning. Most of us wait until we have the current home sold and the new home is in sight before we even consider the work that needs to be done in order to pull everything off in that short time period. Doing this does not allow you enough time to properly screen the moving company and other contractors that will help with this very important transition.
First, you want to make a list of everything that needs to occur prior to moving day – or you can also use our handy Moving Checklist. Once you have this list, it will be easier to put things in order and think through the steps to ensure you haven’t forgotten anything for your relocation.
As soon as you know that relocation is inevitable, you should screen contractors and local moving companies that you may need to assist with the transition. Movers, carpet cleaning, house cleaning, packing, HVAC, and numerous other contractors are regularly used in this process. The more thought and preparation put into the selection of these contractors the less likely you are to have headaches on the flipside of the transaction.
Since you may already be strapped for cash, you might rush through and choose these contractors based on price rather than quality. However, if problems arise with a job that should have been simple, the non-quality (and even unqualified) contractors may show their true colors. They may bail on you just when you need them the most – leaving you with a mess to sort out during one of the most stressful weeks of your life.
All this could have been prevented by properly screening everyone involved in the transition process. Obviously, it is easier to clean everything prior to all of your belongings arriving at the new place. Yet if one contractor lacks respect for your time, such as the carpet cleaners showing up late to clean, this can set in motion a string of events that costs you significantly more money.
The more time you allow to research and assemble your “transition team” the better everything will go on moving day. Researching and screening service providers, especially the moving company you hire, can involve a phone call to the local Chamber of Commerce, checking the Better Business Bureau website for complaints and resolutions, and even asking friends, family, and coworkers for recommendations.
Archives Select Month November 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 April 2016 March 2016 December 2015 October 2015 April 2015 December 2014 June 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011
Sealed proposals will be received until 3:00 pm on December 6, 2018 by Owen J. Daniels, NC Department of Transportation in the Conference Room at 300 DOT Drive, Asheboro, North Carolina 27205 for the construction of NC DOT Asheboro Maintenance Warehouse and Sign Shop, at which time and place bids will be opened and read.
Complete plans and specifications for this project can be obtained from Wright Architecture, P.A., 113 Gatewood Avenue, High Point, North Carolina 27262, Ph. (336) 847-1514, during normal office hours.
North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services – Murdoch Admin Building Elevator Installation
No waiting time, no downloads and no registrations. No one has to register to join. Just send people the room link to join directly in the browser.
When you’re unable to answer the call by yourself, rollover the calls received to a team of specialists which will help your customer through anything they might need.
With Anywhere.link you’re not only able to easily make video calls with anyone but you’re also able to install our widget on your own website, allowing your customers to connect with you directly.
Imagine a place with no boundaries where you can communicate with anyone, everywhere with one click.
Millions of people spend around 2 hours a day on commuting, wasting valuable time, stressing while also increasing the carbon emissions.
Connecting from anywhere, not only allows you to be productive in the places you work best but also has other health benefits.
(Horses, rifles, and knives see a party of adventurers through the land of expansive plains, craggy mountains, buffalo, and the Sioux.)
Crop of Fort Laramie, by Alfred Jacob Miller (1858-1860), painted from memory, as Miller had joined an 1837 expedition along the Oregon Trail. This is the only painting of the fort, as no other artist had trekked there prior to 1840 when it was torn down. Fort Laramie lay at the junction of the east-west Oregon Trail and a north-south Indian trail. The Cheyenne and Sioux would camp outside the fort for trading purposes. This painting can be found at the Walters Art Museum in Baltimore.
“Shaw! Buddy!” Imagine a young, spontaneous Yankee calling out to his friend, both of them just out of college. He proposes that they leave the effeminate comforts of the East, and spend a summer adventuring westward into the untamed lands where life is dangerous and fascinating. Francis Parkman explains (ch.II):
“The restlessness, the love of wilds and hatred of cities, natural perhaps in early years to every unperverted son of Adam, was not our only motive for undertaking the present journey. My companion hoped to shake off the effects of a disorder that had impaired a constitution originally hardy and robust; and I was anxious to pursue some inquiries relative to the character and usages of remote Indian nations, being already familiar with many of the border tribes.”
So they did it. In 1846. Francis was 23. And the recollections of that journey, The Oregon Trail: Sketches of Prairie and Rocky-Mountain Life, remain with us as one of the best treatments of the early West that we will ever have. Parkman’s prose has the feel of a chronicle—it is obviously nonfiction, a travelogue. But it is not a ponderous journal of trivia and redundancy through which we must wade for hours to find the few interesting episodes; nor is each sunset a springboard for a forced flight of sentimental fancy in poor imitation of Byron’s Childe Harold or other Old World sketches. Rather, it is an engaging selection of vignettes, personalities, and anecdotes that admit us to the ranks of the “ragamuffin cavalcade” that was Parkman’s expedition. Parkman’s writing is like Parkman himself—the stereotypical American at his best, one might say: direct yet perceptive, practical yet romantic, hearty yet insightful.
You know what, this episode had no right to be as much fun as it was and I am totally ok with that. “Cause and Effect” should have been this big turning point with finding out what makes Savitar who he is and why he wants to kill Iris, but that is all handled in the first five minutes. After that we get perhaps one of the better examples of Barry forgetting his powers as Barry suffers amnesia and the team has to deal with the ramifications. This easily could have been played only for laughs, which it mostly was, but there was actually a surprising amount of depth to Barry’s amnesia that managed to make it all just kind of work. It was also a nice episode where all of our side characters managed to get a brief moment to shine in one way or another. It really feels like I should have been annoyed by this but by the end I was smiling ear to ear like an old fashion episode.
So, lets know out the heavy plot elements of the episode as Barry finally confronted Savitar and we were able to find out how our Barry could possibly become him. I like the idea of Savitar being a time remnant and not fully being tied down to our Barry’s past, present, and future. I also really enjoyed Grant Gustin’s performance as Savitar is just an extremely broken version of Barry who believes the rules no longer apply to him. Savitar simply wants to prove the worth of his existence to those the real Barry cares for. Sure, he is doing it in the worst possible way by making himself into a god, but it’s the thought that counts. I also really am enjoying the idea of Barry being able to sympathize with the big bad. It makes the fight all the more interesting and I really can’t wait for the final race this year.
Same kinda goes for Barry or as he went by this episode Bart Allen. It is strange that never once did I think about the possibility that Barry having his memories stripped away would make him infinitely more likable. I mean we got a huge info dump on Barry’s past and what he was like growing up. I mean Barry hits all the major nerd marks in being part of the anime club in high school. Plus we get to have the real fun of watching Barry geek out over having powers and what that means. I mean how awesome was it to see him actually enjoy the idea of being The Flash without all of the doom and gloom. It was also a nice if cliched touch to have Iris fall in love with Barry despite him having no memories of their connection. It helps to show how truly close the two of them are even in the strangest and darkest of times.
We also had the great moments of watching the team attempt to salvage Barry’s day to day life despite having his memory erased. Everything from Barry marveling at his and Iris’ apartment to the court room scene just added such a small sense of joy to the entire proceedings. I mean I laughed pretty hard when Julian was feeding Barry all the science jargon and ended his message with a smiley face. If the show decides to go full Ron Burgundy for any sort of reason I can’t say I will be entirely displeased. It was also enjoyable to see Cisco be fumbling around after his mistakes and wondering how in the world he was going to fix everything. As joe pointed out Cisco is the tech guy of the team and not the doctor so it was feeling like we were playing a woman down until Killer Frost showed up.
It has been a slight mystery as to just how much of Caitlin’s memories does Killer Frost actually have. Here we seem to get a clear answer that although Killer Frost is clearly in control there is some element of Caitlin that is trying to fight back and take some semblance of control. I mean I don’t really understand why she is helping Savitar at all but it is nice to see the big bad have some real assistance rather than simply going it alone. This was of course capped by the reveal that Caitlin is indeed fighting fro some amount of control over Killer Frost. I don’t honestly know if she will be able to make it but Killer Frost with some of Caitlin’s quirks would surely be fun to watch.
Overall it was another really strong episode and the season seems to be ending on a really strong note. Next week though it’s time for a heist.
-The bit of Barry checking his skin tone after Wally said they were brothers may have been a little wrong, still laughed.
Privacy & Cookies: A Place To Hang Your Cape uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to use our website, you’re agreeing to our use of cookies. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Cookie Policy
After eight delectable weeks, the finale of American Gods served up a confection of an episode, which simultaneously wrapped some loose ends and set the stage for the coming seasons. It shouldn’t have come as a surprise, given that the penultimate installment lingered on Mad Sweeney’s Coming to America story, that we were introduced to another key god at this late stage, and the events of “Come to Jesus” hinted at further expansion and deviation from the source material to come, much like we saw with Hannibal.
Having left Wednesday and Shadow to their own devices last week, we caught up with them in the company of Mr. Nancy (the always excellent Orlando Jones), who was tailoring them a pair of snazzy suits, and regaled them with the full history of Bilquis. In an impassioned testimony to the destruction of female power through the ages, Nancy echoed his speech to the slaves at the start of the season when he reiterated that ‘angry gets shit done’, and urged Wednesday to find a queen for their cause to rival Bilquis, who had succumbed to the lure of the New Gods. There was so much to digest in Bilquis’s story, and many reasons to get angry. Following on from Essie’s tale of a woman wronged last week, Bilquis’s fall from grace illustrated many forms of repression. Shifting attitudes towards sex, the oppression of female sexuality by men, the policing of it by governments and cultures, racism, objectification, fetishisation, and fear of disease all played a part in her diminished status. It’s interesting that Bilquis chose to fly to the US herself, rather than being summoned there by believers, and (like Essie) was forced to exchange true love and worship for a pale imitation in order to survive.
While Bilquis struck a deal with Technical Boy to ensure her survival in a new age, Easter (or Ostara) seemed to be thriving, having found a way to co-opt the modern celebration of Jesus’s resurrection in order to keep her pagan festival alive. Wednesday’s arrival at her stunning house, his wanton murder of the bunnies that hopped about the grounds (peak Fuller right there!) and his insistence that she remember her roots and her own power, were beautifully at odds with the pastel colours, Shadow’s dopy, smitten face, and the gathering of Christs, complete with halos and stigmata that bled candy.
But Wednesday and Shadow weren’t the only gatecrashers, as Mad Sweeney and Laura bowled up, looking for help in restoring Dead Wife to her former – breathing – glory. Easter was sympathetic, but informed Laura that she couldn’t be brought back to life, because she’d been killed by a god. This led to the revelation that Mad Sweeney had hit Laura and Robbie’s car on Wednesday’s orders, and that the tricksy old goat had been interfering with their lives long before then, sabotaging Laura’s perfect plan to rob the casino.
And no party would be complete without Media, Tech Boy, and Mr. World putting in an appearance, trying to convince Wednesday once again to cease and desist with his recruitment drive. But Wednesday finally revealed his true face, making a believer out of Shadow, and prompting Ostara to reclaim her rightful title. The gauntlet was well and truly thrown when Wednesday struck the new gods with lightning, and Ostara turned the lush and verdant spring landscape to dead earth, leaving Mr. World with no choice but to agree to a battle.
So, a line has been drawn in the sand. Shadow stands with Wednesday for now, but Laura is sure to try and change his mind if she can stop puking maggots long enough to dish the dirt. Ostara seems to have pledged allegiance to the old gods, as does Sweeney, although his rough compassion for Laura might sway him from Wednesday’s hold. Mr. Nancy is another ally, and we’ve not heard from Czernobog and the sisters recently, but that hammer looked ready for war. Bilquis seems to be siding with the newbs for now, but my money is on her defecting before too long.
So while we didn’t quite get the epic battle we might have wanted, swords have been drawn, and enough threads left dangling that we could potentially explore myriad tangents in detail. While Fuller and Green‘s adaptation of the novel has digressed and followed some unexpected routes, the first season has absolutely captured the essence of Gaiman‘s work, not only realising his larger-than-life characters through pitch-perfect casting and brilliant writing, but making them even more relevant, compelling, and thought-provoking. Utterly divine.
+ The visuals in this episode were next level, from Wednesday’s ‘Galadriel’ moment, to Shadow climbing the mountain of skulls, from the sugar-coated opulence of Easter’s pad to Bilquis’s gilded orgy, there has never been a more beautiful show.
+ How refreshing to have (particularly) female beauty depicted and celebrated in all its forms. I’ve mentioned it before, but it’s especially rare to see older people presented as sexual beings, and American Gods does it so organically.
– The discussion between the old and new gods was slightly rehashed from the police station, but it’s a minor quibble when the dialogue is so lyrical.
Extra Thoughts: I’ll be interested to see how the dynamic between Laura, Shadow, and Wednesday plays out now Laura is in possession of such explosive information. Shadow seems in awe of Wednesday for now, but that could easily change. And how long can Laura last in her rotting meat suit?
So what did you think? Did this finale have you shaking your fists at the sky, or kneeling at the altar of TV? Let us know in the comments section, or hit us up on Twitter!
Every Christmas myself and the cousins (hubby included) on my Mam’s side do a kris kindle. This year I got the most fab present(s) from my kris kindle, thank you Fergal. He literally spoilt me rotten and probably knows me better than I know myself.
Daisy London are known for their beautiful symbolic fashionable jewellery. I was really excited to hear they were collaborating with the super fashionista herself Laura Whitmore to create a new collection just in time for Christmas. I just adore Laura she is such an inspiring (Irish) woman and has the best fashion sense I’ve ever seen. The collection itself sports every guitarists best friend, the humble plectrum as its main symbol. When asked what inspired the design for the collection Laura stated “The concept for the collection stems from my love of music. I wanted to bring this in using the shape of the plectrum.”*
As soon as the collection was revealed I knew I had to get my mitts on a piece but with delivery costs etc to Ireland and it being just before Christmas I knew i couldn’t afford it. As you can imagine i was absolutely over the moon when I opened my kris kindle present to discover the beautiful silver single chain plectrum bracelet here and a pair of silver plectrum stud earrings here beautifully presented staring up at me. I know these will be pieces I can wear for every day use or for going out. They are both delicate and tasteful and will go with any outfit.
As some of you might be aware my little dog is called plectrum so I have a serious thing for plectrums ha ha. Myself and the hubby had been searching for a name for the little guy so one day whilst chatting about it a plectrum attached to the hubby’s guitar caught my eye and the name just seemed fitting. Seven years later it’s been cut short to Plec and still seems fitting. Now I only have to try convince Laura Whitmore and Daisy London to create a plectrum shaped name tag for my little one ha ha. For more information on the collection please visit Daisy London. I know Lilywho have also started stocking the collection. I’m currently eyeing up the silver single chain plectrum necklace, maybe if I’m good I’ll get it for Valentine’s Day .
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 June 2018 April 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015
Given the large scale of the Scopedog and gritty nature of the Votoms universe, I decided to showcase weathering in this build.
David Mamet's Glengarry Glen Ross is currently playing at the Stanley Theatre starring Eric McCormack.
Emily and I went with trepidation. This is because we both saw another Mamet play in New York together - Speed The Plow. And we were not amused. It was a painful play to sit through and we wanted out!!
However, I had seen Mamet's Oleanna years ago and loved it, so I did have some hope. Plus, having a big name like Eric McCormack at the Stanley Theatre was a big deal too.
We were not disappointed. I mean, it started off a bit slow and confusing, but the second act, things got going and it was far better than Speed The Plow and so we chalked it up as a hit!
Vancouver definitely needs more theatre like this -> plays that are not put on all the time, and a celebrity to draw people out of their homes and away from their TVs.
Commercial and Domestic EPC Elie - Commercial and Domestic Energy Performance Certificates. Contact us now on 01323 841488 if you are selling or renting a property in your area and we will provide you with a qualified assessor who will do the assessment for you.
We work on behalf of householders, Estate Agents, Solicitors and Councils in Elie & throughout the United Kingdom ensuring that EPCs are provided in a timely manner with a quick turnaround.
An Energy Performance Certificate is required on domestic properties before a dwelling is sold or let, and gives prospective buyers or tenants useful information regarding the energy efficiency of the property. A building is given an energy rating on a sliding scale from 'A' to 'G', with 'A' being the most efficient and 'G' being the least efficient in energy performance. The EPC will also detail what level carbon emissions could be reduced to, by simple energy improvements. An average existing house would expect to gain a 'D' rating but this will be dependent on a number of contributing factors.
The energy rating of a building must be included in any advertising description of the property as of January 2013. This includes publications in newspapers and magazines and on the internet, where the EPC energy rating should be shown as part of the property details.
A list of recommendations are outlined in the 'EPC' showing what savings can be made per year if improvements to the property are carried out in accordance with the recommendations. These recommendations are divided up into higher cost and lower cost measures with possible savings that can be made. This will ultimately reduce fuel bills for the householder and increase comfort levels. Examples of this may be to increase the insulation levels in loft spaces, or add heating controls or a new energy efficient boiler. Other recommendations may be to have solar panels fitted or alternative measures such as biomass boilers or ground or air source heat pumps.
All owners and landlords must ensure that an EPC (Energy Performance Certificate) is obtained before the property is marketed for sale or for rent as this is a legal requirement under EU Regulations and an Act of Parliament. The EPC must then be made available to prospective tenants or owners at the earliest opportunity. Failure to produce this information could result with a fine of up to £200 as it is a legal requirement that is enforceable through Trading Standards.
An EPC is valid for a ten year period but can be renewed if an owner or landlord makes improvements to the property that could benefit its marketability.
Government Grants may also be available that warrant the property having an Energy Performance Certificate produced in order to be eligible for funding. This may include ECO and GDHIF.
The energy assessment usually takes up to an hour to complete depending on the size and complexity of the building but we can give you an idea of the expected visit length before sending out the assessor to your premises.
Most Domestic EPCs will be back to you within 24 hours of the EPC visit but we will let you know any reason for delay. One such cause of delay may be that the property is not registered with Landmark so this registration may take a little longer as the report cannot be submitted without a Landmark reference number.
We work for Commercial landlords, management agents and solicitors in Elie to carry out Non Domestic EPCs producing Energy Performance Certificates for commercial and industrial premises.
The EPC will determine the energy efficiency of a building or commercial unit with ratings similar to Domestic properties from 'A' to 'G' with a rating of 'A' being the most energy efficient to 'G' being the lease efficient. A Commercial EPC can be very useful when making an informed decision before purchasing or leasing premises, so that running cost factors can be considered and comparisons made with other similar properties. Buyers and potential tenants will be more attracted to properties that are cheaper to run and have the best ratings.
Commercial EPCs have been a requirement since October 2008 as part of EU legislation to help improve energy efficiency in the sector and all buildings must display or have available an Energy Performance Certificate in digital or paper format . Failure to comply with this legal requirement could result in a fine of up to £5000 or 12.5% of the rateable value of the building enforceable by Trading Standards. It is the seller/vendors responsibility to ensure that a certificate is made available before marketing of the property begins whether for sale or for lease. Marketing literature must include the EPC rating of the property being advertised.
As there is a vast array of different property types in the commercial and industrial sector, each property type must be considered carefully before we can give you a quote due to the number of variables involved in assessment procedures. Property types can include offices, factories, retail units, industrial type buildings, mid terrace shops or supermarkets, warehouses, hotels, guest houses and other non domestic dwellings.
For instance we have to consider the type of property, size in square meters or feet, number of storeys, if the premises is detached or adjoined, building age, average ceiling heights, wall and roof construction, wall and loft insulation, alternative wall construction, windows if double or single glazed including their age, heating system with the fuel type making a considerable difference to the rating. Also other variables such as the boiler type, types of lighting being used, hot water system, air conditioning and solar photovoltaic or solar thermal improvements. All this information goes into calculating the energy rating of your commercial building.
The complexity of the work will determine what type of assessment is required. This is broken down into three levels. Level 3 which is the majority of small and medium sized buildings using low energy heating and cooling systems. Level 4 where the heating system is over 100kw and the cooling system is greater than 12 kw. Level 5 which covers buildings over 10,000 m² or small buildings that may have complex service systems or features such as curved fascias or with atriums.
The amount of time it takes to do the energy assessment will depend on the size and complexity of the building, but we will give you a rough idea of this before we arrange the EPC visit with you.
Floor plans of the property will be needed in most cases, if they are available, to help us give you a better quote. If this can be emailed in a digital format with elevations, construction details and with the building services included.
The EPC report will be carried out by a fully qualified non-domestic energy assessor who will be an accredited member of an approved Government accreditation scheme, fully insured and CRB disclosure checked. The EPC report is also accompanied by a recommendation report which shows how the building can be improved to offer greater energy efficiency. Any improvement will be listed with likely associated cost and payback period.
The energy assessor will make site notes, take photographs, draw floor plans if necessary by doing measurements of external and internal zones using the correct methodology and use the evidence collected as data entry for the Simplified Building Energy Model (SBEM) software that will produce the EPC rating and recommendations. Assessors are regularly audited by their accreditation bodies to ensure the correct procedures and conventions are being carried out.
There are some types of commercial building that do not require and EPC, which we will let you know before giving you a quote. These include detached properties with low energy demand that are less than 50m², properties that are being demolished and places of worship. Also temporary structures with a planned use less than 2 years and low energy demand properties such as agricultural barns.
The commercial energy assessor (Non-Domestic Energy Assessor NDEA) will ensure that the correct level of assessment is carried out and produce the certificate in the fastest possible time. The EPC is usually sent within 48 hours of the EPC visit but this will depend on the variables encountered. The Commercial EPC is then registered with Landmark, which is the central register for all lodged reports. We will send you the completed report by email. Payment must be made in advance of the certificate being issued. We will therefore send you an invoice for immediate payment to ensure that a delay is not encountered.
Commercial and Domestic EPC Whitehead - Commercial and Domestic Energy Performance Certificates. Contact us now on 01323 841488 if you are selling or renting a property in your area and we will provide you with a qualified assessor who will do the assessment for you.
We work on behalf of householders, Estate Agents, Solicitors and Councils in Whitehead & throughout the United Kingdom ensuring that EPCs are provided in a timely manner with a quick turnaround.
We work for Commercial landlords, management agents and solicitors in Whitehead to carry out Non Domestic EPCs producing Energy Performance Certificates for commercial and industrial premises.
There are many people with poor credit utilize the services of registration loans to get some fast cash in an urgent situation, but did you understand that this loan can assist a borrower with poor or no credit get better their rating once they pay back t...
Sometimes something unpredicted happens and we want some quick money, and that is amount that can’t wait until the next salary. Registration loans in glendale can be a wonderful means to give that quick money that you want, and can generally be done...
If you have the urgent need to get money quickly, easily and without so many procedures, then you need to contact us and get title loans, here you will know the Requirements for Title Loans of your car.
Are you jobless these days? What takes place in case you have been collecting joblessness and it works out and there are not any particular jobs in sight? What you will do in case your bills are pending and it looks as though there is not any light at the...
Where you will do when unforeseen financial problems come your way? Generally, it is one great cost even as some other times it’s the sum of some smaller ones. Do you want to pay the car mechanic to get back your car, or has the experienced doctor s...
Find-Out produces the MAGIC Moments newsletter that is compiled and distributed by e-mail to a wide audience on a monthly basis. This newsletter is also included on the website.
You are here: Home Code Compliance Frequently Asked Questions How do I Appeal An Administrative Citation?
Any person disputing the issuance of an administrative citation may contest the citation by completing a request for hearing form and returning the form within fifteen (15) days from the date of the issuance of the administration citation. The initial appeal is handled by Revenue Experts, Inc. not the County of Kern. The County’s ordinance requires citations be paid even if the citizen wishes to appeal. Appeals are usually held at the Public Services building, however, citizens may also request a hearing be conducted via the telephone.
By calling Code Compliance at (661) 862-8603 and ask them to mail an Appeal form to your home (the mail time will cut into your 15 day response time)
By picking up at the Public Services building located at 2700 “M” Street, Bakersfield at the Customer Service Center
If paying the penalty in advance causes a financial hardship the citizen may complete a “Hardship Waiver Request.” The form must be submitted to Revenue Experts within ten (10) days from the date the citation was issued. The Department issuing the citation will review the citizen’s request and the decision of the department is final.
Failure of the citizen to appear at the administrative citation hearing shall constitute a forfeiture of the fine and be deemed a failure to exhaust administrative remedies.
Within ten (10) days of the conclusion of the hearing, the hearing officer will provide the citizen with a written decision. A decision in favor of the citizen shall constitute a dismissal of the administrative penalty and the County shall return any monies paid.
If the hearing officer renders a decision in favor of the County, the citizen must comply with the administrative order, including payment of any administrative penalty, or seek review under Section 8.54.100.
A citizen, who is subject to an administrative order issued by a hearing officer pursuant to Section 8.54.090, may contest the administrative order by filing an appeal with the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors. The appeal must be filed within seven (7) days from service of the administrative order. The Board of Supervisors may reverse, affirm wholly or partly, or modify the administrative order.
Any person who contests the final administrative order may seek judicial review of the order by filing an appeal with the Superior Court.
© County of Kern, California | Website maintained by This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. | Feedback
Premiere Paraffin Wax Trimmer – Compact Tabletop Design, Drain Tray Included, Designed for Multiple Block Trimming
Shop for Tray Cassette Paper - top sales, deals, offers, and Paper Cassette Tray discounts are available 24/7/365 at Evrdaily.com.
HOW TO Full Head Sew In Short Curly Extentions DevaCut Style posted by at February 20th, 2018 in hairstyle. How about image above? is that amazing???. if you think so, I'l d show you some image again below:
So, if you want to get all of these incredible images about HOW TO Full Head Sew In Short Curly Extentions DevaCut Style , just click save button to save these images to your computer. These are all set for download, if you like and want to get it, click save logo on the article, and it will be directly downloaded to your desktop computer. As a final point in order to grab new and the latest picture related with 24 Brilliant Ways To Advertise Short Curly Weave | short curly weave, please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we try our best to provide daily update with fresh and new images.
List tag : short curly weave bob, short curly weave hair, short curly weave hairstyles, short curly weave hairstyles for round faces, short curly weave sew in, short curly weave side part, short curly weave styles, short curly weave with bangs, short curly weave with closure, short curly weave with middle part,
Men Hairstyle Mens Haircut Short Sides Long Top Boys Shaved posted by at February 19th, 2018 in hairstyle. How about image above? is that amazing???. if you think so, I'l l show you some image again below:
So, if you want to get these magnificent images about Men Hairstyle Mens Haircut Short Sides Long Top Boys Shaved , just click save button to save these images to your computer. They are ready for download, if you like and want to get it, click save logo on the page, and it will be directly downloaded to your home computer. Finally if you would like secure new and the latest image related with 25 Small But Important Things To Observe In Short Sides Long Top Female | short sides long top female, please follow us on google plus or bookmark this site, we try our best to give you daily update with fresh and new images.
Short Hairstyles For Round Faces 2016 8211 YouTube Short Haircuts For Round Faces 2016 posted by at February 19th, 2018 in hairstyle. Why not consider photograph preceding? is usually of which wonderful???. if you're more dedicated and so, I'l l provide you with many photograph all over again underneath:
So, if you want to get these magnificent images about Short Hairstyles For Round Faces 2016 8211 YouTube Short Haircuts For Round Faces 2016, click save button to save these images to your personal pc. They are ready for transfer, if you like and want to get it, click save logo on the page, and it will be directly downloaded to your laptop. Finally if you would like secure new and the latest image related with Quiz: How Much Do You Know about Short Haircuts For Round Faces 22? | short haircuts for round faces 2016, please follow us on google plus or bookmark the site, we try our best to give you daily update with fresh and new images.
List tag : best short haircuts for round faces 2016, best short hairstyles for round faces 2016, cute short hairstyles for round faces 2016, short bob hairstyles for round faces 2016, short curly hairstyles for round faces 2016, short haircuts for oval faces 2016, short haircuts for round faces 2016, short haircuts with bangs for round faces 2016, short hairstyles for round fat faces 2016, very short hairstyles for round faces 2016,
The podcast has now entered mainstream here in the UK. As you commute to work on public transport you’ve probably seen a sea of people wearing over-ear headphones, and these people are not listening to music but spoken word. The rebirth of the podcast was thanks to Serial a few years ago which caught everyone’s imagination and made people realise just how gripping, exciting and convenient this media format can be. Since then, there’s been a huge rush of brands bringing out podcasts and we’re big fans too. He we bring you the best men’s fashion podcasts worth listening to.
An indispensable podcast of fashion, style and ideas from i-D. All the latest trends, chit-chat and surprises galore. In one of their more recent episodes they discuss the birth of the straight up photography style, one that uses head-to-toe portraits to capture people in both real and imaginary situations. They hear from Steve Johnston, the photographer whose images of punks on the King’s Road became the catalyst for street style photography as we know it. And they learn how Steve’s original straight ups went on to form the basis of a little known magazine called i-D, a hand-stapled fanzine founded by Terry Jones in 1980.
A podcast exploring the world of fashion with the personalities that shape it. Each week, founder Jeremy Kirkland speaks with a different guest about their personal journey through their career and outlook on the future. In his most recent Blamo! episode he speaks to The Sartorialist, Scott Schuman. Scott and and Jeremy discuss the origins of The Sartorialist, the importance of a creative voice and how he’s continued to evolve his work outside of Fashion.
The Highsnobiety Podcast covers the best in sneakers, street culture, and men’s fashion. Their flagship shows are The Dropcast, a weekly wrap-up of Highsnobiety’s most notable headlines and new releases, and Conversations which is an intimate, off-the-cuff interviews with some of our world’s leading creatives. In their most recent episode Hosts Noah Thomas and Jian DeLeon are joined by Venus X. They talk about some of the week’s newest releases and recently revealed collaborations, including the Versace Apple sneaker homage designed by Salehe Bembury.
The MenswearStyle Podcast is hosted by Lifestyle Editor Peter Brooker who speaks to some of the most innovative organisations and truly inspiring influencers within the industry. In their most recent episode they are joined by Luca Faloni of the eponymously titled, Luca Faloni, a timeless Italian direct to consumer menswear brand known for their linen and cashmere menswear. They talk about what the vital components are for setting up a clothing brand with both eCommerce and retail presence based in London.
Driving culture forward, HYPEBEAST Radio is a platform for creatives to discuss their journey towards success, lessons learned along the way and thoughts on the state of culture in realtime. In a recent episode they speak to Erik Fagerlind and Peter Jansson, the founders of Stockholm-based international footwear and streetwear boutique Sneakersnstuff. Approaching their 20th year in business, the two veteran sneakerheads have built one of the most respected boutiques in the world, reinterpreting American and European sneaker culture through a pragmatic, Scandinavian lens.
Synonymous with the city its shop stands in, Liberty London is a brand driven by discovery. Liberty is famed for cultural collaborations, inspiring curation, and directional design and in this podcast, they share with you access to some of our most inspiring Founders and partners. In a recent episode Catherine Hayward, Fashion Director at Esquire UK Magazine speaks to Oliver Spencer about his career during London Fashion Week Men’s.
The Loose Threads Podcast explores the new consumer economy. Hosted by Richie Siegel, the founder of Loose Threads, each episode features an in-depth conversation with one guest that spans a range of topics, lasting about an hour. The unifying thread is always the rapid change facing the consumer, retail and commerce industry and how entrepreneurs are responding. In a recent episode they speak to Paul Hedrick’s of Tecovas about the innovations and challenges behind crafting and selling high-quality, timeless and affordable leather goods in the digital age.
November 14, 2018, No Comments on Walmart launched Black Friday deals early: Here is everything worth buying
FashionBrandIdea.com offers a quality selection of brandable domain names available for purchase or lease. Our Brands are .com’s and come with a professionally designed logo that are ready-to-use. Our main focus is to provide quality company name ideas and brands for your fashion companies at affordable prices. Search our porfolio and find Your Brand!
Kick start the new year and fill yourself with new energy at the gym. To make it a little easier, start by gearing up your workout wardrobe.
If your nervous tick is pointing to the sky then might i suggest not going to auctions anymore. | Funny Tweeter
@ImaFlyontheWall: If your nervous tick is pointing to the sky then might i suggest not going to auctions anymore.
@Underchilde: Unless it’s that scary chick from The Ring, I really don’t care who is in the restroom with me.
@RobocopLust: A portmanteau is when you combine 2 words to make 1 word. A great example of this is Groupon, a mixture of grey and poupon.
@jacquiewalters: "What should we name them?" Grapes "And what about these?" Grapefruits "I see. So one is a larger version of another?" Not at all "Perfect"
There is only one rule, it should be funny, you can submit your own tweet or one you think is funny.
FunnyTweeter.com is a daily updated collection of funniest tweets from all over the world. We did not write these tweets, all credit goes to the original authors, follow them and encourage them to tweet more :)
We also retweet all the tweets we post on this site, might as well follow us on Twitter! Follow @funTweeters
And what's more, we post our best tweets in Facebook as well! Like us on Facebook to get a daily dose of Funny Tweeter on your news feed.
Industry refers to system of activities performed mainly in the secondary sector with the objective to earn profit. Industry includes small scale, medium scale and large scale production units of our country aspiring for profit of their own units. Industry takes into account all the laws mention for Indian industries in Industrial Regulation Act.
Industry has two meanings, each with a different adjective. One is "industrial" and the other is "industrious" but you could look it up to know better.
2 a : systematic labor especially for some useful purpose or the creation of something of value b : a department or branch of a craft, art, business, or manufacture; especially : one that employs a large personnel and capital especially in manufacturing c : a distinct group of productive or profit-making enterprises <the banking industry> d : manufacturing activity as a whole <the nation's industry>
Industry (from Latin industrius, "diligent, industrious"), is the segment of economy concerned with production of goods. Industry began in its present form during the 1800s, aided by technological advances, and it has continued to develop to this day. Many "developed" countries (The U.K., The U.S. and Canada) depend significantly on industry. Industries, the countries they reside in, and the economies of those countries are interlinked in a complex web that may be hard to understand at first glance.
Is the ever increasing speed of paperless retail transactions helping the economy like it seems it would?
Kid Desks - Quality Furniture | Furniture, Bedroom Furniture, Dining Room Furniture, Living Room Furniture, Children's Furniture, Kitchen Furniture
We offer loads of gay movies with sizzling hot male porn that stars the men of your dreams. Whether you want xxx sex with sultry twinks or manly boys you'll find it here. The green gay tube has thousands of boy videos with updates daily to provide more clips for your pleasure. Dream of sex with daddy and then watch it in the amazing ultra video with fucking of all kinds. There are solo sexo porn scenes too if you're straight boy.
www.greengaytube.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to. Copyright © 2010 www.greengaytube.com
It appears that your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. You must enable JavaScript or upgrade to a newer web browser to shop at our online store. If you continue to have trouble, please contact customer service to place an order for you.
I am more than happy to be able to recommend Airport pick and drop off services offered by Great Britain Cars at London airports.
I am usingGreat Britain Cars for about 5 years, for business and personal travel in London, and find them very professional, quick and punctual. Their vehiclesare always clean with first class interior equipment. I feel that I can always rely on their services, even in the busiest of periods.
I am very thank full for their wonderful assistance, patience and kindness. It's been an absolute pleasure traveling with Great Britain Cars. The airlines crew could certainly learn a few things from the Great Britain cars services team!
It is worthy mentioning here as "Thank You Very Much" for the Heathrow airport transfer service. The trip from airport was one weeks ago and going back to airport today was very smooth and hassle free.
Great Britain cars has always met my expectations and sometimes exceeds them. Having booking with Great Britain cars means I will be picked up and dropped off on time, in comfort and with a minimum of fuss from London airport.
Thanks for providing quick and reliable airport transfer service. Your Crew was fantastic, on time and he knew where to go and drove with care and safety.
I wanted to write to you to tell you how absolutely brilliant was yesterday - private Great Britain Cars taxi having picked me up at 4pm from Heathrow airport yesterday and getting me home at 1.30am this morning.
The excellent taxi arrangement made by Great Britain Cars with the transfer from London Gatwick Airport to the hotel when we arrived and with the pick-up and transfer back to Gatwick Airport for our departure. We will certainly use you again.
"We were very impressed with the Stansted airport transfer service pre-booked online on your website. Even though our flight was delayed about 6 hours, it was wonderful to see your representative waiting to take us to our hotel. I would definitely use your company again."
Great Indy Pet Expo | Indy's biggest celebration of pets, pet owners, pet stuff, pet services and pet entertainment.
With extensive in house capabilities and experienced trim team, we pride ourselves on being able to offer total interior solutions.
Our approved EASA 145 maintenance facilities carry out base and line maintenance repair, structural repairs, AOG support and CAMO management services.
Our Avionic capability extends from electrical sub assembly to cabin technology modifications, glass cockpit conversions and mandatory Avionic upgrades.
AOG and line maintenance support is available to our customers throughout the EMEA region and beyond.
Our paint shop is one of the most modern, cost-effective and state-of-the-art facilities currently available and is capable of accepting fixed-wing and rotary platforms up to 21m wingspan.
The facility already supports fleets of aircraft on behalf of two major European operators. It meets all current and pending environmental regulations and standards, and undertakes all scales of work, from factory paint schemes and custom designs down to simple touch-ups and registration number changes.
Is your aircraft ready for June 2020? If you don’t have ADS-B equipped by that date you will be grounded. Both Rockwell and Honeywell are advising that as the deadline…
Plush interiors aren’t just for VIPs and business aircraft. Aerocare’s lean approach allows us to offer affordable interiors for small aircraft too, even in the GA community as this recent…
عند شراء إستضافة مواقع اجنبية لابد أولاً أن تقارن بين أهم شركات استضافة المواقع وتختار افضل استضافه مناسبه لموقعك ومن المهم أن لا تختار شركة إستضافة مواقع لأنها ارخص استضافة ولكن يمكنك اختيار استضافه لديها العديد من المميزات والاضافات التي تجذبك للشراءو افضل هوست وفر لك اهم المعلومات التي تحتاجها عند شراء استضافه مواقع مدفوعه من أحد شركات الاستضافه الاجنبيه
Check out what's happening along the byway! Let us know if you have an event and would like to have it posted.
Vintage Trailer Rally. Camping along the beautiful Mississippi River at Illiniwek Campground in Hampton , Illinois. All Vintage Trailers 1978 or older are welcome.
View to City Hall Park from intersection of Main and St. Paul with proposed enhancements (click for larger image)
Placemaking and stormwater infrastructure at typical Main Street intersection (click for larger image)
Main Street serves as an important gateway into our downtown, and a vital connection between the waterfront and campus.
This plan brings together key recommendations from the City’s Transportation Plan, planBTV Downtown & Waterfront plan, and planBTV Walk/Bike to develop a concept plan for Main Street (from Union to Battery) and St. Paul Street (from Main to Maple) and move it through to construction in Spring of 2018.
The concept plan for Main Street is about balancing all of the uses of our public right of way; it optimizes the roadway by converting diagonal parking to parallel. This change allows for the introduction of wider sidewalks, appropriately sized tree belts to support tree health and stormwater management, and a protected bike lane. Each intersection includes opportunities for outdoor seating, public art, views of the lake, or bike parking. Key elements of the plan include:
The proposed Main Street plan includes the following elements on each side of the street: 13 feet of sidewalk space (some of which may be used by adjacent businesses for outdoor seating or signage), an 8 foot tree belt, a 6.5 foot wide protected bike lane, a 3 foot buffer between the bike lane and parked cars for parking meters and light poles, and parallel parking.
Rebalances the uses within the Main Street right-of-way. Today, 50-75% of the space between buildings is dedicated to driving and parking cars. In the concept plan, 60% of this space is used for non-vehicular purposes.
Through the conversion of all diagonal parking to parallel, the plan maintains 73% of existing on-street parking spaces (and parking on every block), and allows Main Street to serve all of the needs of a vibrant public right-of-way.
Each intersection includes: a raingarden; a flexible space that can be used for bike parking, outdoor café seating, public art or other uses; and a small deck, which includes an information kiosk, seating which showcases views of the lake, and lighting.
As an important crossroads to Main Street, St. Paul is experiencing significant changes - at the center of downtown, it becomes the western edge of a new City Hall Park; at the south end with the construction of the anticipated Champlain College student housing project, Eagles Landing; and on the north end with CCTA's new Downtown Transportation Center. A fourth potential project may have the greatest impact: the possible reopening of St. Paul Street through Burlington Town Center, which would restore the connection of St. Paul all the way through downtown. Great Streets will develop concepts for St. Paul from Main to Maple using street design principles that include walkability, transit orientation, and green infrastructure.
(Note: there has been a change to the section regarding parking. You can see the updated information on page 70 of the Main Street Concept Plan Presentation PDF)
Calling the rink number: Phone rings at rink, answering machine (schedule) when no one is there or staff busy, please leave message or call back shortly.
some friends of mine a while ago created a blog for FREE online sport streaming.... today they have all champions league games and eurocup games and a lot ...lots lots of other streams in great quality .... vistit them here : http://24livestream.blogspot.gr/
Daphne Rosen's huge tits are huge help when it comes to washing our car. Those freakishly huge tits are fucking hot when they are pressed up against the windshield and covered in soapy water. This dirty massively busty whore can fuck a dick clean!
All Photographs are the exclusive property of the photographer.No Images to be reproduced, copied, or manipulated without the express permission of the photographer and their Agent.
Fred Smith Company is currently seeking to fill multiple Construction Laborer positions. The laborer will perform various general construction tasks related to grading and road building activities utilizing small tools. This is an entry level position and prior construction experience is not required. Preference will be given to those who have worked in an outdoor environment. Applicants must have reliable transportation and will be required to pass a pre-employment drug screen.
We provide competitive pay, comprehensive benefits including affordable health insurance, paid time off, holiday pay and a 401k plan with a generous match. Fred Smith Company is dedicated to the achievement of equality of opportunity for all its employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital status, age, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other protected group status under federal, state or local law. Fred Smith Company is an E-Verify Participant.
We’ve been providing heavy highway, sitework, and asphalt services in the Raleigh/Durham area for 80+ years. We’re always looking to grow our list of subcontractors and suppliers and we welcome the opportunity to discuss joint venture partnerships with other contractors. Schedule an appointment to discuss your next project by calling us at 919-783-5700.
Copyright © 2018 FSC II, LLC dba, Fred Smith Company. All rights reserved. Web Design & SEO by TheeDesign
amazing colours brown english pine effect luxury vinyl click flooring laminate costco uk full size with parador vinyl
gallery of parador vinyl floors are fortified with special click connections which guarantee easy and safe fittings and a flawless pattern with parador vinyl
colours brown english pine effect luxury vinyl click flooring laminate costco uk full size with parador vinyl
what is the best flooring for a bas fresh parador vinyl made of solid material vinyl with parador vinyl
good what is the best flooring for a bas fresh parador vinyl made of solid material vinyl with parador vinyl
parador vinyl floors are fortified with special click connections which guarantee easy and safe fittings and a flawless pattern with parador vinyl
Stop the killing: A tree concretised up to its trunk chokes to death at Gok Dak Khana, Delhi. The concretisation of trees in Delhi is rampant amidst the ad hoc urbanisation taking place in the city. The concretisation is proving to be an imminent threat to the survivability of the heritage trees in Delhi and […]
Delhi is known to be one of the greenest capital cities in the world. However of late, ad hoc "developmental" activities have led to large-scale decline in the number and diversity of trees in the city. A key challenge faced by almost all the trees in Delhi is the immediate threat of concretisation: cementing of the area around trees right upto the tree trunk. The concretisation of trees can lead to grave results and even cause death/uprooting of the trees.
As you would be already aware, the different rules and court orders from time to time have prescribed that some area (usually 6X6 feet) should be left empty and without concrete around the tree trunks. However, this is not being followed in majority of the cases throughout Delhi. We therefore urge you to issue a strong order ensuring the prevention of concretisation around trees and immediate deconcretisation of the trees choking which are presently being choked to death.
Note: If the copyright of these modified pictures is alterated please email to me and i'll remove them!
Greg started his career with Vanguard Properties in 2003 as a real estate agent, and has been recognized as a Top Producer at Vanguard for 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017. Greg closed 38 transactions and over $55M in sales for 2017 alone, and has closed over 460 transactions and $480M in sales for his career. Greg has a wealth of experience representing both buyers and sellers in many types of transactions including new construction/renovation development, single family home & condominium resales, and TIC projects and sales.
Greg’s experience, knowledge, attitude, and commitment to his clients have earned him an impeccable reputation throughout the real estate community. Greg is highly focused on providing the highest level of service for each client, and to aggressively achieve the best price possible in each transaction. Greg has integrity, a strong work ethic, excellent knowledge of the dynamic San Francisco market, and is a strong negotiator. Greg is energetic, enthusiastic, and is truly passionate about San Francisco Real Estate. As a result, Greg currently holds several San Francisco Real Estate sales records. In 2010, Greg started The Fulford Group, a real estate team created to better serve his clients’ real estate needs.
Greg grew up in the Bay Area on the Peninsula and has lived in San Francisco since 1995. He received a BA in Psychology from the University of Colorado, at Boulder, and started his career in technology working for Cisco Systems in the mid 90s. Greg had been drawn to real estate his whole life and knew that eventually he would move from technology over to real estate. In 2003 Greg made that move in to real estate and has never looked back. Greg’s true passion for real estate has allowed him to be very involved in the Real Estate community. Greg was just recently selected to the San Francisco Real Estate Round Table, and Greg is a member of the San Francisco Top Agent Network (TAN). Greg is also an active member of the Residential Builders Association (RBA), Luxury Real Estate.com, National Association of Realtors (NAR), California Association of Realtors (CAR), and San Francisco Association of Realtors (SFAR). When Greg has free time he enjoys spending it with his wife and family, enjoys travelling, snowboarding, movies, and playing golf.
It begins with the sound of firing squads and ends with an arrangement of synths lifted straight from an ‘80s horror
“You then,” he said impatiently, pointing at the next one. “What church you belong to?” “Church of Christ,” the bo
Interview: Zoe Samudzi, Co-Author of ‘As Black As Resistance: Finding the Conditions for Liberation’ October 19, 2018
two bedroom apartments seattle 2 bedroom apartment fascinating spacious studio e and two bedroom apartments in gallery 1 bedroom apartments west seattle.
CASH BACK mobile app that is doing a promotion currently, where they are paying you $8 for Everyone Who Installs the App on their phone! No gimmicks!
2. Open App and click next until you get to the "Join" screen. Click it to create your FREE account.
100% your own mailing business, 100% income through paypal, affiliate program, hosting, automated product etc
we are a new revolutionary new mailing business host, how would you like...ad copy, scripting, html design, movie,100% income through paypal, affiliate program, get paid for other businesses owners signing up through the form at the bottom on your tefrenzy business for every business given away you will earn cash through paypal even if they don't buy your automated product on your tefrenzy business...not only this but you will gain 100% free hosting and automated product after someone purchases they gain it after ordering automatically and you do nothing but set off advertising and the affiliate program will grow you free virally for life earning you full sales and affiliate sales with no work involved...you do nothing but take sales from product sales which are automated it works itself so you don't have too, you set off advertising and the affiliate program will grow your business which is 100% free...you pay nothing for the full 100% business and gain sales and affiliate sales free and 100% your own apart from affiliate sales...
if you scroll to the bottom at click here please enter in your name and paypal email address and your set in business for 100% income and you even get an affiliate program as well on top of everything hosted and the above, free as promised...its a full business.
Global Ad Solutions has been building the hottest selling, most innovative and highly effective email submitters since the end of the last century. For 16 years they have diligently labored to provide the marketing community with simple to use, high quality products that make advertising easier and profits soar. Below, you will find more than 60 of these high quality email submitters all in one location. Each submitter features it's own leads database and none of the leads are duplicated on any of the submitters.
Plus, each and every one is 100% spam free so you'll never be at risk of losing your ISP. Ranging in price from around $10 to $30, these submitters are some of the most highly sought after marketing tools online today. There is nothing to download and you'll have immediate access after purchase. Feel free to read about them and purchase as many as you like. And the great thing is that each one of these submitters is a lifetime membership so you can use them as often as you please.To check this out follow the link click here
My friend Anji just revealed details about an automated system that spits out unlimited $80 payments on autopilot, for even the greenest of newbies.
Even though this system cost her $1,000 to create and thousands more in testing, she s handing it to you for free!
Build your credit with this exclusive High quality all metal debit BlackCard. Get paid to refer more cardholders.
Social Marketing is all about engaging people one-to-one and it has blossomed in the last couple of years to become one of the hottest, if not THE HOTTEST, avenues for internet marketers to peddle their wares. The problem is that no one who's really serious about marketing online has the time to hob-nob with millions of people much less engage them on a personal level in order to make a sale.
This is a very simple internet traffic system which allows you to get traffic to your website or affiliate link with a push of a button!
Just pay $5 (really only $4.99) using the 'pay link' below - you will then be taken to a small sign-up form, just put in your name and email and verify your membership in the confirmation email sent to you right after.
You will then get instant access to the members section where you will be able to submit your website URL, headline and a keyword - just click 'Submit your work' and wait a few minutes while the system generate traffic to your site! Go here: click here
Get 100% automated traffic and visitors from facebook with a single click of a button 5 minutes from now? And let it run 24/7-365 with no more work on your part! Facebook has so much potential many online marketers haven't even discovered the power of Facebook. Facebook is ranked as the #2 site after Google in terms of traffic. This means you can find a market for any product or service you offer
How would you like to get 100% automated traffic and visitors from facebook with a single click of a button 5 minutes from now?
Of course you would, - easy website traffic with no work involved is what every online marketer is looking for these days!
In the members area you will find the Fb Traffic Sniper App. (nothing to download) - you just put in your website URL in the box and click "Begin Traffic" - Visitors will start visiting your website within a few minutes from now and traffic to your site will never stop.
You will get traffic and visitors to your website within a few minutes and will continue to run every single day with no more work on your end! click here
PeerCoin PPC,Super Bitcoin SBTC,Super Litecoin SLTC, UnitedBitcoin UBTC,Virtacoin VTA,DigitalCoin DGC,EarthCoin EAC,InfiniteCoin IFC,WorldCoin WDC,there is 24 different type on the account,most of these I didn t even know,and I started with them all free ,just for signing up, Get your share of Bitcoins every 24 hours,Signup and we will credit your QoinPro wallet with:
More coins are being added constantly, others can be unlocked and multipliers up-to 1250% are applied daily. click here
If you decide to take the following instructions and necessary actions, you are GUARANTEED that you will get a similar result!
This system has been working for over 2 years, thousands of people have already participated WORLDWIDE, and they have been surprised by the results in no time and that with only 1 Dollar!
It went through my mind for days, even weeks, wondering if it would be possible to earn such a huge sum in such a short time.
Let me assure you that this is a LEGALLY AUTHORIZED BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY and an impeccable money making business.
In fact, you do not even need to get in touch with other people. Anyone, with their own impulse, can succeed and build a fortune with this system.
If you only do this alone, I GUARANTEE that you will receive at least $20,000 in cash through your PayPal account within the next 100 days.
I know it must sound unbelievable to you, especially if you have never had such a sum, but believe me, this business works like nothing else that you have ever seen in your life.
You will quickly and easily earn cash with just one copy of this website as an E-Mail and the simplest and most popular Internet payment system!
It exists in many forms and has existed for several decades. But in the early days, it took much more time and effort, as well as spending hundreds of dollars. However, thanks to PayPal and the Internet, the issues are now practically ZERO! What is more, the whole process is FASTER, EASIER, and more LUCRATIVE than it has ever been!
If not, in the history of the internet this is the FASTEST and EASIEST way to earn a lot of money online.
This program works no matter what country you live in or what currency you have there. It does not matter how old or how young you are. And you certainly do not need any special knowledge or talent. You do not need to run a website, or answer calls, make photocopies or send letters through the post office, or advertise, and so on.
A PayPal account in which 1 Dollar is deposited 30 minutes of your time, this program lasts for half an hour.
Take your time and read everything! If you do not have time now, keep this E-Mail in your mailbox and come back later.
Everyone has already heard of "PayPal" (if not you will be there soon) and when I got this concept, I knew it would work as a member of PayPal, I already had experience with the excellent performance. PayPal is the easiest method you've ever seen to receive payments online.
Anyone with an E-Mail address can register for FREE! Once you have a PayPal account, you can send and receive credit card payments or cash anywhere in the world!
"What an amazing plan! Just three weeks ago, I followed your plan, although, so far I have not yet earned 50 thousand, I am pleased with the previous 15,340 Dollars. I am absolutely out of socks "
"I do not know what to say ... THANK YOU, THANK YOU VERY MUCH! I sent 40 of this email and then, I just forgot the thing. To be honest, I did not really believe in the whole thing. But when I checked my Pay-Pal account a week later, more than 6,000.00 Dollars was in it! I now have over 26,000.00 Dollars in 30 days! I cannot thank you enough! "
"I was horrified to see how much money was flowing into my Pay-Pal account. Within 3 weeks my account has risen to 18,625.00 Dollar. At first, I thought that some kind of bad booking had happened! "
Just a few months ago, some people did the same thing as you. Because they choose to follow the simple instructions that follow, they are now considerably better financially. And there is not a single reason why you cannot share in this success.
Let's start, just follow the instructions as outlined now, and then prepare for a HUGE cash inflow over the next 30 days!
If you are not already a PayPal user, the very first task you need to do is to click on the PayPal link below and open an account for free. It takes just 2 minutes! Here is the connection:https://www.paypal.com
It is a law of the universe that we must first give to receive. Therefore, the first action to be done now is to open your PayPal account: Deposit 1 Dollar from your PayPal account to the FIRST E-mail address in the list.
For instructions on how to make a payment, see "SEND MONEY" on the PayPal page. It is so easy! If you send your one-off payment of 1 Dollar to the first address in the list, do it with a big smile on your face, because "We reap what we sow!"
After you have made a payment of 1 Dollar to the first E-Mail address on the list, something scary will happen.
It gives you an unsurpassable, overwhelming security, faith and conviction in the system. It has just been proven to you that it works because YOU have done it; so, there must be many other people who are willing to do exactly the same thing.
Once you have made a payment of 1 Dollar to the first address of the list (together with the purpose "Please add me to your Mailing list." â€“ this is very important!!!), you will still have to do the following operation in the final step. Copy this text or page and send it to (you can also advertise this text on your own website as I have done it) at least 40 people. Keep the number 40 in your head, 40 is a good number of people that you can easily reach on the Internet, hundreds and even thousands of them could emerge.
The copy you send will include YOUR PayPal email address at # 7 in the list - the address at # 1 will add you to the list and the others will put you up in position.
The best way to send the mail now is simply to mark everything and then copy it with the right mouse button and then paste the text into the email, which you now send to about 40 different people.
There are many free website builders that you can use on the web, for example, these 2 good providers.
Of course, the address that was previously at # 1 should have been removed, and the other email addresses should have been moved up one position to put your E-Mail Address at # 7.
If you do that, you will reach ONLY the people to whom you will send the e-mail directly and then your address will immediately be removed from place # 1 and you will not reach thousands of people!
But if you add your email address to position # 7, you will literally reach 100 thousand people who receive or send your email. And at this point, your name will be at point #1 !!!
And if you think you can copy this text just without paying the 1 Dollar to the first E-Mail Address, then you probably did not understand the whole system!!
By sending these emails and paying via PayPal, the response time is EXTREMELY fast, thanks to the INTERNET!!!
When you send your E-Mail, first put your E-mail address to number 7 in the list. This is the best position you can get if you really want to make a lot of money.
The response rate for this program is much higher than any typical email marketing campaign due to a number of reasons that will be explained later.
You can expect a response from about 25% of the people to whom you send the E-Mail. But first, let's be extremely conservative, and assume that you have an average response rate of only 12.5%.
If you send your email to 40 different people, you can expect to reach at least 5 of those who do exactly what you did. (12.5% of 40 = 5).
By that time, your email address is at position #6 on the list, this list would have reached 200 people (5x40).
This puts you in 5th place with your email address further to Position #5 1,000 E-Mails (25 x40) that are sent out.
This puts you in the fourth position with your e-mail address on another 5,000 E-Mails (125 x 40) that are sent out.
As a result, you will now be in the third position, with 25,000 emails (625x40) sent out with your email address.
Among these 625,000 people, you can expect at least 78,125 to attend (12.5% out of 625,000 = 78,125).
If your email address reaches the number one position, you will receive money from a few thousand people within the next 30 days, just as you have sent your 1 Dollar. If you are prepared to invest half an hour, you are ready to receive around 70,000 Dollars or more.
However, if you follow the plan correctly and send your E-Mail to the persons, the likelihood of those persons who will participate in it is approximately 25%, the example
Consider the following! Millions of people surf the internet every day and worldwide! 80,000 new Internet registration every month!
The people who send you offers through emails are an excellent source to send back manually, or simply by using an Autoresponder. You can send e-mails to all your contacts, to business partners, etc.
Invest 1 Dollar and 30 minutes of your time, but receive a substantial sum within a month. If you want to run this business continuously, you should have your own website, like this one, and advertise regularly, or have your emails sent regularly through various Paidmails services.
There is an infinite number of German and American Paidmail services that you can use to inexpensively send your e-mail, or promote your own copied website.
Only the first person on the list will receive your 1 Dollar gift, but everyone in the list will move up to position 1.
Because it's so easy, the response speed is VERY HIGH and - FAST. And you start to see drastic results in less than two weeks! Remember, you only need to send 40 copies to start with.
For example, send to personal contacts and in response to people sending you their programs that like them already work on the net.
It will NOT be considered spam if you respond to offers from people who send you emails. So send your e-mail now (and/or create your own website like this one here) and prepare for a huge cash inflow within the next 30 days!!
Most email marketing campaigns have an average of 0.5% to 5%. However, this particular program usually produces a response rate of 20% and 30%. Why? Because this program is so easy to start, it costs almost nothing, it takes just 30 minutes, and the results can be seen within the next few days.
I have watched this type of MLM program for years, and this is the simplest and fastest that exists.
Do not set the 40th limit. Send as many emails as you can. All 40 emails have a return of at least 20,000 - 30,000 Dollars WITHIN 100 DAYS.
So follow the guidelines, be honest and the money will come to you. You may still be skeptical, just as I was initially, wondering if it really works. I have behind me everything going through your head right now, and I know how it feels.
This program does not cost more than 1 Dollar and half an hour of your time, it will be a win-win for everybody if we all stick to the guidelines!
You now have the knowledge that will enable you to earn more than $70,000 within the next few weeks. The only thing that can hold you back right now is lack of faith or lack of self-belief. All the doubts you have right now will disappear within a few days after putting this plan into practice.
PayPal allows anyone with an email address to open an account and is the #1 online payment service in the world.
PayPal is used by more than 6 million eBay members as well as a number of online stores. You can finance your payments with your credit card or current account if you send money through PayPal. You do not have to worry about your privacy because PayPal keeps your billing information safe.
Completing a transaction with PayPal is far safer than mailing a check, or giving your credit card number to a stranger. That's why more than 44 MILLION people use PayPal to send money WORLDWIDE in real time.
PeerCoin PPC,Super Bitcoin SBTC,Super Litecoin SLTC, UnitedBitcoin UBTC,Virtacoin VTA,DigitalCoin DGC,EarthCoin EAC,InfiniteCoin IFC,WorldCoin WDC,there is 24 different type on the account,most of these I didn t even know,and I stated with them all free ,just for signing up, Get your share of Bitcoins every 24 hours . click here
EPA and DHA are vital nutrients and may be taken to maintain healthy function of the following: brain and retina: DHA is a building block of tissue in the brain and retina of the eye. It helps with forming neural transmitters, such as phosphatidylserine, which is important for brain function. DHA is found in the retina of the eye and taking DHA may be necessary for maintaining healthy levels of DHA for normal eye function.
In recent years, many people – particularly those who strictly follow a vegetarian or vegan diet – have believed that they do not have to consume animal products to get omega-3s, as long as they are consuming high amounts of plant-based omega-3s. But, as I mentioned before, most of the health benefits that you can get from omega-3 fats are linked to animal-based EPA and DHA fats – not plant-based ALA. They are simply NOT interchangeable.
Omega-3 is a group of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, perhaps most notably found in fatty fish. As science parses the biological actions of nutrients, it turns out that omega-3 fats do many good things for the body and the brain. Known as an "essential" fatty acid, meaning the body must take it in from food sources, omega-3 is important to human metabolism.
To our knowledge, this is the first systematic review and meta-analysis to examine the anxiolytic effects of omega-3 PUFAs in individuals with anxiety symptoms. The overall findings revealed modest anxiolytic effects of omega-3 PUFAs in individuals with various neuropsychiatric or major physical illnesses. Although participants and diagnoses were heterogeneous, the main finding of this meta-analysis was that omega-3 PUFAs were associated with significant reduction in anxiety symptoms compared with controls; this effect persisted vs placebo controls. Furthermore, the association of treatment with reduced anxiety symptoms of omega-3 PUFA were significantly higher in subgroups with specific clinical diagnoses than in subgroups without clinical conditions.
Dry eye disease occurs when tears don’t provide enough moisture, causing eye discomfort and vision problems. Some studies show that getting more omega-3s from foods or supplements—mainly EPA and DHA—helps relieve symptoms of dry eye disease. But a large, recent study found that the symptoms of people with dry eye disease who took fish oil supplements of 2,000 mg EPA plus 1,000 mg DHA daily for 1 year did not improve any more than those who took a placebo (a dummy pill). More research on the effects of omega-3s on dry eye disease is needed.
Currently, there isn’t a set standard recommendation for how many omega-3s we need each day, but suggestions range from a fish oil dosage of 500 to 1,000 milligrams daily depending on whom you ask. How easy is it to get these recommended amounts? To give you an idea, there are more than 500 milligrams of total omega-3s in one can of tuna fish and one small serving of wild-caught salmon.
It’s no surprise that fish — particularly cold-water fatty fish like salmon, mackerel, and anchovies — are rich in omega-3s. It’s called fish oil for a reason, right? Mackerel, for instance, may have more than 3300 mg of omega-3 per serving — that’s more than 6 times the recommended per day dose for healthy adults. Not a huge fish connoisseur? Try some of the quick, simple recipes in Cooking with Fish Like a Pro, an accessible collection of fish recipes to suit every palate.
And in osteoarthritis, when a DHA/EPA formulation was added to chondroitin sulfate, people experienced more complete relief of symptoms such as stiffness and pain. One study found a significant increase in walking speed in people who supplemented with fish oil versus those who did not.79,80 As with the beneficial results seen in people with bone loss, these positive findings may have been the result of the decreased inflammatory destruction of joint cartilage.81
A 2012 study involved children from 6 to 12 years of age with ADHD who were being treated with methylphenidate and standard behavior therapy for more than six months. The parents of these children reported no improvement in behavior and academic learning using these standard treatments. The researchers randomly gave some of the children an omega-3 and omega-6 acid supplementation or a placebo. They found “statistically significant improvement” for the omega group in the following categories: restlessness, aggressiveness, completing work and academic performance. (5)
According to independent laboratory[which?] tests, the concentrations of EPA and DHA in supplements can vary from between 8 and 80% fish oil content. The concentration depends on the source of the omega-3s, how the oil is processed, and the amounts of other ingredients included in the supplement.[52] A 2012 report claims 4 of 35 fish oil supplements it covered contained less[quantify] EPA or DHA than was claimed on the label, and 3 of 35 contained more[quantify][52] A ConsumerLab.com publication in 2010 claims 3 of 24 fish oil supplements it covered contained less[quantify] EPA and/or DHA than was claimed on the label.[48] However, the bioavailability of EPA and DHA from both capsular and emulsified fish oils has been shown to be high.[53]
Three omega−3 fatty acids are important in human physiology, α-linolenic acid (18:3, n-3; ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5, n-3; EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6, n-3; DHA).[67] These three polyunsaturates have either 3, 5, or 6 double bonds in a carbon chain of 18, 20, or 22 carbon atoms, respectively. As with most naturally-produced fatty acids, all double bonds are in the cis-configuration, in other words, the two hydrogen atoms are on the same side of the double bond; and the double bonds are interrupted by methylene bridges (-CH
Whilst EPA and DHA are both considered to be important regulators of immunity, platelet aggregation and inflammation, their health-influencing by-products arise from very different pathways and their effects in the body differ. DHA is the most abundant omega-3 fatty acid in cell membranes, present in all organs and most abundant in the brain and retina, playing an important structural role. EPA is present structurally only in minute quantities, always being utilised and under constant demand to be replaced. Whilst DHA provides mainly a structural role, it is becoming evident that EPA may be the dominant functional fatty acid out of the two in many areas of health and especially in inflammatory conditions.
There are numerous omega-3 sources with varying proportions of EPA and DHA, and the balance of EPA and DHA in a supplement influences the actions of these fats in the body. For more information about the different types of omega-3 sources and which are most suited for your individual needs, read our page on the different types of omega-3 supplements
Secondly, when we consume EPA, it inhibits the production of AA from DGLA and also competes with AA for uptake into cell membranes and can therefore lower the amount of AA in membranes by literally saturating the cell – in essence, it takes up more of the available ‘space’ and displaces AA. When there is less AA present, there is a reduced capacity for it to produce inflammatory products.
Nonetheless, large population studies with solid data both on the participants’ diets and causes of disease and death bolstered the beliefs that eating fish often was a heart-healthy practice linked to reduced rates of cardiovascular disease. For example, a comprehensive analysis conducted by Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian and Eric Rimm of the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health found that eating two servings of fatty fish a week — equal to about two grams of omega-3 fatty acids — lowered the risk of death from heart disease by more than a third and total deaths by 17 percent.
I've been take Omega 3 for quite a while now. Just recently my eye doctor recommended finding an Omega 3 with at least this amount of 800mg EPA and 600mg DHA. I'm taking this for my dry eyes. So far, along with the eye drops and this product my eyes don't feel like I have sand in them. They don't have a fishy taste or an after taste. I would recommend them.
Increasing ALA intake probably makes little or no difference to all‐cause mortality (RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.20, 19,327 participants; 459 deaths, 5 RCTs),cardiovascular mortality (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.25, 18,619 participants; 219 cardiovascular deaths, 4 RCTs), and it may make little or no difference to CHD events (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.22, 19,061 participants, 397 CHD events, 4 RCTs, low‐quality evidence). However, increased ALA may slightly reduce risk of cardiovascular events (from 4.8% to 4.7%, RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.07, 19,327 participants; 884 CVD events, 5 RCTs, low‐quality evidence), and probably reduces risk of CHD mortality (1.1% to 1.0%, RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.26, 18,353 participants; 193 CHD deaths, 3 RCTs), and arrhythmia (3.3% to 2.6%, RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.10, 4,837 participants; 141 events, 1 RCT). Effects on stroke are unclear.
Evidence in the population generally does not support a beneficial role for omega−3 fatty acid supplementation in preventing cardiovascular disease (including myocardial infarction and sudden cardiac death) or stroke.[4][19][20][21] A 2018 meta-analysis found no support that daily intake of one gram of omega-3 fatty acid in individuals with a history of coronary heart disease prevents fatal coronary heart disease, nonfatal myocardial infarction or any other vascular event.[6] However, omega−3 fatty acid supplementation greater than one gram daily for at least a year may be protective against cardiac death, sudden death, and myocardial infarction in people who have a history of cardiovascular disease.[22] No protective effect against the development of stroke or all-cause mortality was seen in this population.[22] Eating a diet high in fish that contain long chain omega−3 fatty acids does appear to decrease the risk of stroke.[23] Fish oil supplementation has not been shown to benefit revascularization or abnormal heart rhythms and has no effect on heart failure hospital admission rates.[24] Furthermore, fish oil supplement studies have failed to support claims of preventing heart attacks or strokes.[7]
The systematic review suggests that eating more ALA through food or supplements probably has little or no effect on cardiovascular deaths or deaths from any cause. However, eating more ALA probably reduces the risk of heart irregularities from 3.3 to 2.6%. The review team found that reductions in cardiovascular events with ALA were so small that about 1000 people would need to increase consumption of ALA for one of them to benefit. Similar results were found for cardiovascular death. They did not find enough data from the studies to be able to measure the risk of bleeding or blood clots from using ALA.
Of great clinical importance, EPA and DHA supplementation during pregnancy has been associated with longer gestation and increased concentrations of EPA and DHA in fetal tissues (21). In 2005, preterm births accounted for 12.7% of all births in the United States, increasing the likelihood of health complications (22). Carrying a baby to term is very important because prematurity is the cause of various infant diseases and can lead to death; preterm delivery is an underlying factor for 85% of the deaths of normally formed infants (23). One mechanism by which EPA and DHA may decrease the incidence of preterm birth is by decreasing prostaglandin E2 and prostaglandin F2α production, therefore reducing inflammation within the uterus, which could be associated with preterm labor (21, 24). Several studies investigated EPA and DHA intake during pregnancy and its correlation with longer gestation. Conclusions were that EPA+DHA supplementation during pregnancy delayed the onset of delivery to term or closer to term; however, supplementation did not delay delivery to the point of being post-term (20, 23, 25). This supports the evidence that EPA+DHA ingestion leads to optimal pregnancy length. EPA+DHA supplementation reduced the HR of preterm delivery by 44% (95% CI: 14–64%) in those who consumed relatively low amounts of fish and 39% (95% CI: 16–56%) in those who consumed medium amounts of fish; however, a level of statistical significance was not met (P = 0.10) (23). The Judge et al. (20) study found that women who had DHA supplementation from gestation week 24 until full-term delivery carried their infants significantly (P = 0.019) longer than did the women in the placebo group. One study found that DHA supplementation after gestation week 21 led to fewer preterm births (<34 wk of gestation) in the DHA group compared with the control group (1.09% vs. 2.25%; adjusted RR, 0.49; 95% CI: 0.25–0.94; P = 0.03). Also, mean birth weight was 68 g heavier (95% CI: 23–114 g; P = 0.003) and fewer infants were of low birth weight in the DHA group compared with the control group (3.41% vs. 5.27%; adjusted RR, 0.65; 95% CI: 0.44–0.96; P = 0.03) (25).
Disclaimer: The entire contents of this website are based upon the opinions of Dr. Mercola, unless otherwise noted. Individual articles are based upon the opinions of the respective author, who retains copyright as marked. The information on this website is not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice. It is intended as a sharing of knowledge and information from the research and experience of Dr. Mercola and his community. Dr. Mercola encourages you to make your own health care decisions based upon your research and in partnership with a qualified health care professional. If you are pregnant, nursing, taking medication, or have a medical condition, consult your health care professional before using products based on this content.
A 2008 meta-study by the Canadian Medical Association Journal found fish oil supplementation did not demonstrate any preventative benefit to cardiac patients with ventricular arrhythmias.[36] A 2012 meta-analysis published in the Journal of the American Medical Association, covering 20 studies and 68,680 patients, found that Omega-3 Fatty Acid supplementation did not reduce the chance of death, cardiac death, heart attack or stroke.[37]
As mentioned above, the omega-3 index has been suggested as a predictor of the risk of coronary heart disease and other cardiovascular events. One study on a population in Seattle found that people with low omega-3 index levels were 10 times as likely to die from sudden cardiac death compared to people with higher omega-3 index levels (13). The NIH-funded Framingham study referenced above showed that the people with the highest omega-3 index levels had a 33% reduction in risk of death from any cause compared to the people with the lowest levels (2). In addition, a new study focused on individuals age 25 to 41 found that higher omega-3 index levels were associated with lower blood pressure in healthy adults (14).
For example, large predatory fish like shark, swordfish, king mackerel, tilefish and albacore tuna can contain high levels of methyl mercury, a toxin that would override any health benefit, especially for the developing brains of fetuses and young children as well as for adults, Dr. Nesheim and Marion Nestle, professor emerita of nutrition, food studies and public health at New York University, noted in 2014 in an editorial in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition. (Levels of mercury and other contaminants in fish have since declined somewhat but are not negligible.)
Omega-3 FA most likely reduce serum triglyceride levels by modulating very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and chylomicron metabolism. There is a consistent finding in the literature that the end effect of fish oil is decreased hepatic secretion of VLDL17—the major endogenous source of triglycerides. This effect occurs most likely through multiple mechanisms, including: (1) decreased synthesis of triglycerides because these omega-3 FA may not be the preferred substrates of the enzyme diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase,18 or they may interact with nuclear transcription factors that control lipogenesis19; cellular metabolism consequently shifts toward a decrease in triglyceride synthesis and an increase in FA oxidation; and (2) the promotion of apolipoprotein B degradation in the liver through the stimulation of an autophagic process.20 This means that fewer VLDL particles can be assembled and secreted. Fish oil may also accelerate VLDL and chylomicron clearance21 by inducing lipoprotein lipase activity.22
Keep in mind that APA found in plant-based foods takes a lot of energy for your body to convert to EPA and DHA. I understand that many people following a vegan diet struggle with the concept of fish oil or eating fish, but animal products contain the necessary omega-3 fatty acids to allow your body to absorb and synthesize what you take in. However, there are plant-based options — you’ll just need more APA because of the way your body processes the medium-chain fatty acid.
High triglycerides. Most research shows that fish oil from supplements and food sources can reduce triglyceride levels. The effects of fish oil appear to be the greatest in people who have very high triglyceride levels. Also the amount of fish oil consumed seems to directly affect how much triglyceride levels are reduced. Some fish oil supplements including Lovaza, Omtryg, and Epanova have been approved by the FDA to lower triglycerides.
ALA is an essential fatty acid, which means that you need it but you must get this fat from your diet because your body is unable to produce it. In general, omega 3 fats are a crucial component of all cell membranes, including the eye (retina) and brain as well as aiding in the process of energy production to support functions involving the heart, lungs, immune system, and hormones (endocrine system), work properly.1
CONDITIONS OF USE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION: This information is meant to supplement, not replace advice from your doctor or healthcare provider and is not meant to cover all possible uses, precautions, interactions or adverse effects. This information may not fit your specific health circumstances. Never delay or disregard seeking professional medical advice from your doctor or other qualified health care provider because of something you have read on WebMD. You should always speak with your doctor or health care professional before you start, stop, or change any prescribed part of your health care plan or treatment and to determine what course of therapy is right for you.
Foods such as meat, eggs, fish and nuts contain omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, which the body converts into endocannabinoids – cannabinoids that the body produces naturally, said Aditi Das, a University of Illinois professor of comparative biosciences and biochemistry, who led the study. Cannabinoids in marijuana and endocannabinoids produced in the body can support the body’s immune system and therefore are attractive targets for the development of anti-inflammatory therapeutics, she said.
If we want to deliver the benefits associated with EPA therapeutically, it is essential to optimise digestion and uptake. If we take EPA and DHA in their natural 1.5:1 ratio, it’s an uphill struggle for EPA because we know that DHA is more effectively absorbed and assimilated into cells. Delivering the benefits of EPA (for example, for cognitive function, mood and depression, inflammation regulation, heart health, skin health and so on), requires doses of EPA in excess of DHA, which determines the type of benefits obtained and the degree of the beneficial outcomes. The higher the ratio of EPA to DHA (meaning higher doses of EPA in relation to DHA), the more likely that EPA will be digested and absorbed, ready to meet the body’s high demands for this important nutrient.
One reason omega-3 fatty acids may be so beneficial to this many aspects of health could be that they help decrease system-wide inflammation. (49, 50, 51, 52, 53) Inflammation is at the root of most diseases and is related to the development of nearly every major illness, so by eating a nutrient-dense, anti-inflammatory diet, you give your body its best chance to fight disease like it was designed to do.
Omega-3 fatty acids are frequently in the news regarding their health benefits (or doubts in some cases). Two types of omega-3s in particular - eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docohexaenoic acid (DHA) – are known to be essential fatty acids. “Essential” refers to the fact that our cells need these fatty acids in order to function normally. But the body cannot make them from other fats, which means it’s “essential” we supply them in our diet or through supplementation.
Thanks for the informative article. You mentioned that those taking high doses of DHA should supplement it with trace amounts of GLA. What GLA source would you recommend, and how much per day? I will be taking around 3400 mg of epa and 2200 mg DHA per day. I've heard that Borage Oil is more potent in GLA than evening primrose, but that it can lead to increased clotting and increased risk of heart attack, stroke, etc due to increased thromboxane B2. The main reason I want to stay away from the primrose is because it is extremely rich in linoleic acid. Thanks.
Some studies reported better psychomotor development at 30 months of age in infants whose mothers received fish oil supplements for the first four months of lactation.[45] In addition, five-year-old children whose mothers received modest algae based docosahexaenoic acid supplementation for the first 4 months of breastfeeding performed better on a test of sustained attention. This suggests that docosahexaenoic acid intake during early infancy confers long-term benefits on specific aspects of neurodevelopment.[45]
Is krill oil better than fish oil for omega-3? Krill oil and fish oil are popular dietary supplements containing omega-3. Krill oil comes from a small crustacean while fish oil comes from oily fish, such as salmon. Both are shown to increase blood levels of omega-3 and have benefits for health. Learn more about the differences between krill oil and fish oil here. Read now
The Department of Ecology of the State of Washington has ranked various seafood based on its EPA and DHA concentrations. The highest-ranking seafood is mackerel, excluding King mackerel, that has a concentration of 1,790 milligrams of combined EPA and DHA per 100 grams, followed by salmon at 1,590; bluefin tuna has between 1173 and 1504 milligrams; sardines contain 980 milligrams; albacore tuna has 862 milligrams; bass has 640 milligrams; tuna has 630 milligrams; trout and swordfish have 580 milligrams; and walleye has 530 milligrams. Other seafood, which includes sea bass, clams, lobster, scallops, catfish, cod, pollock, crayfish and scallops contains between 200 and 500 milligrams of EPA and DHA per 100 grams. Breaded fish products rank lowest on the list with only 0.26 milligram per 100 grams.
There’s evidence that points to the mechanism behind the effects of fish oil on body composition, showing that fat burning at rest is increased with 6 grams/day of fish oil supplementation, and additional research suggests that higher omega-3 levels may be helpful for enhancing satiety during weight loss efforts. Other evidence suggests that fat loss may be a side-effect of the reduction in inflammation that fish oil can help with. Any way you look at it, supporting your dietary habits with 4 or more grams of fish oil per day is probably a good idea!
3. DHA affects your child's learning and behavior. Do you want to maximize your child's intellectual potential? A study published in Plos One in June 20138 linked low levels of DHA with poorer reading, and memory and behavioral problems in healthy school-age children. In another study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition in August 2013,9 children who consumed an omega-3 fat supplement as infants scored higher on rule learning, vocabulary, and intelligent testing at ages 3 to 5.
So why is an excess of DHA detrimental and an excess of EPA useful? DHA has a larger structure with two extra carbons and two extra double bonds, so it literally takes up more space in cell membranes than EPA. On the one hand, this is important because DHA plays a structural role in maintaining the fluidity of cell membranes ( essential for the normal function of proteins, channels and receptors that are also embedded in the membrane), but if a cell membrane becomes too saturated with DHA it can become too fluid, which can have a negative effect on cell function. EPA, on the other hand, is constantly utilised and always in demand.
Many people focus on the dosage of fish oil to take, like 1000 mg or 1200 mg, but it is the omega-3s that matter. This is where the benefits of fish oil are found. The two types of omega-3 fatty acids to focus on are EPA and DHA. These omega-3s are naturally found in oily fish like salmon, halibut, sardines and anchovies, and are the very reason why fish oil supplements have received such high praise.
There are numerous omega-3 sources with varying proportions of EPA and DHA, and the balance of EPA and DHA in a supplement influences the actions of these fats in the body. For more information about the different types of omega-3 sources and which are most suited for your individual needs, read our page on the different types of omega-3 supplements
It must be kept in mind that prostate issues have been found to be the result of the fact that men who suffer prostate issues are found in males who’s testosterone levels dropped to dangerous levels. If one bothers to research this fact it will be found that studies show that testosterone controls estrogen levels and as such estrogen levels get out of control and begin to create problems the likes of which our society is suffering right now.
Some research indicates that people who eat more seafood may have a reduced risk of cognitive decline. However, omega-3 supplements haven’t been shown to help prevent cognitive impairment or Alzheimer’s disease or to improve symptoms of these conditions. For example, a large NIH-sponsored study completed in 2015 indicated that taking EPA and DHA supplements did not slow cognitive decline in older adults. The people studied were participants in a larger eye disease study, and all of them had age-related macular degeneration (AMD).
Our Clinical Services Team - staffed by clinicians and other nutritional experts - answer technical questions about our nutritional formulas and the most effective ways to recommend them in a variety of protocols. And our product representatives help practitioners grow their business in many more ways than suggesting practice-appropriate nutritional products.
One day I was cooking pasta when the kitchen started to fill with the odor of fish. I happen to hate fish, so this was not a pleasant experience. It was also a mystery, since I never cook fish. A little detective work discovered that the offensive odor was coming from the pasta. Apparently I didn’t notice the “Now with Omega 3” label on the box when I purchased it. My daughter and I still refer to this as the “fish pasta incident”.
The information on this website has not been evaluated by the Food & Drug Administration or any other medical body. We do not aim to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any illness or disease. Information is shared for educational purposes only. You must consult your doctor before acting on any content on this website, especially if you are pregnant, nursing, taking medication, or have a medical condition.
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) has created a website, NIH Clinical Research Trials and You, to help people learn about clinical trials, why they matter, and how to participate. The site includes questions and answers about clinical trials, guidance on how to find clinical trials through ClinicalTrials.gov and other resources, and stories about the personal experiences of clinical trial participants. Clinical trials are necessary to find better ways to prevent, diagnose, and treat diseases.
Could you be deficient in omega-3s? The University of Maryland Medical Center says that the symptoms “include fatigue, poor memory, dry skin, heart problems, mood swings or depression, and poor circulation.” They also warn against a poor omega-3 to omega-6 ratio, cautioning readers that it may be “associated with worsening inflammation over time.” (6)
Your body can convert some ALA into EPA and then DHA, but not enough to meet all your body’s needs but the best way to assure you are getting enough heart healthy fats is to eat foods high in the omega 3 fats, and if you can’t or don’t get enough of these necessary fats in your diet, you might consider taking an omega 3 supplement to boost these needed fats. More on this later.
Three randomized trials assessing more than 600 patients with known malignant ventricular arrhythmia were carried out under the protection of implanted cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) therapy.41–43 In all 3 of the trials, 75% of the patients had ischemic heart disease, survived ventricular tachycardia or ventricular fibrillation and were randomized to 1 to 3 g/d of fish oil. In the first trial of its kind, 402 patients with ICDs were randomized to either a fish oil or an olive oil supplement.41 Although statistical significance was not reached, after approximately 1 year the primary end-point of time to first ICD cardioversion for ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation or death from any cause was longer in the fish oil group. This finding was not replicated in a trial of 200 patients who were randomized to either fish oil or a placebo and followed for a median of approximately 2 years.42 In fact, time to first ICD cardioversion was not changed and the incidence of recurrent ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation was more common in the group assigned to fish oil. In the largest trial, 546 patients were randomized to supplemental fish oil or a placebo and were followed for a mean period of 1 year.43 The primary outcome of the rate of ICD cardioversion or all-cause mortality was not reduced. It was concluded in a recent meta-analysis of these trials that fish oil did not have a protective effect.44
Walnuts are chock full of healthy fats — including omega-3s — and also contain a slew of other nutrients like magnesium, biotin, and vitamin E. Some studies even suggest that eating walnuts improves memory, learning ability, and motor development.1 Walnuts are versatile, too — try them with fresh or dried fruit, in salads, or baked into desserts. Get started with these banana walnut waffles — made with coconut sugar and unsweetened almond milk.
Omega-3 [(n-3)] fatty acids have been linked to healthy aging throughout life. Recently, fish-derived omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA have been associated with fetal development, cardiovascular function, and Alzheimer's disease. However, because our bodies do not efficiently produce some omega-3 fatty acids from marine sources, it is necessary to obtain adequate amounts through fish and fish-oil products. Studies have shown that EPA and DHA are important for proper fetal development, including neuronal, retinal, and immune function. EPA and DHA may affect many aspects of cardiovascular function including inflammation, peripheral artery disease, major coronary events, and anticoagulation. EPA and DHA have been linked to promising results in prevention, weight management, and cognitive function in those with very mild Alzheimer's disease.
Respected health care organizations proposed intake recommendations for oily fish of two servings per week for healthy adults, which equates to approximately a daily total of 500 milligrams (mg) EPA and DHA.‡ The recommendation encourages adults already with or at-risk of developing cardiovascular disease to talk to their primary healthcare professional about supplementing with amounts greater than 500 mg of EPA and DHA per day. Supportive but not conclusive research shows that consumption of EPA and DHA omega-3 fatty acids may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease.
Omega 3 fatty acids are monounsaturated fats that come from food sources—primarily cold water fish (eg, salmon, trout, tuna, mackerel, and herring)—that contain EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Other fatty acids are derived from plant-derived sources of food—including nuts (especially walnuts) and seeds (eg, flax, chia, sunflower)—that have primarily ALA (alpha-linolenic acid).
Krill oil is joining the toolkit for fighting arthritis, thanks to its exceptional anti-inflammatory properties resulting from its phospholipid form of omega-3s. A study in mice with experimental arthritis showed that krill oil supplements reduced arthritis scores and markedly diminished joint swelling. When examined under a microscope, the animals’ joints were remarkably free of inflammatory infiltrates of immune system cells.85
Fish oil is also used for diabetes, prediabetes, asthma, a movement and coordination disorder called dyspraxia, dyslexia, eczema, autism, obesity, weak bones (osteoporosis), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), osteoarthritis, psoriasis, an autoimmune disease called systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), multiple sclerosis, HIV/AIDS, cystic fibrosis, gum disease, Lyme disease, sickle cell disease, and preventing weight loss caused by some cancer drugs.
FLUSHING — The city and township’s finest businesses, citizens and employees received special recognition for their hard work by the Flushing Area Chamber of Commerce at its annual awards banquet, held last Thursday at the Flushing Valley More...
FLUSHING — Designated smoke free areas around Flushing’s park playgrounds may start popping up soon, after the City Council gave the go-ahead to the Parks and Recreation Committee to begin drafting an ordinance. More...
GENESEE COUNTY – If you’re under 21, you can no longer buy cigarettes in Genesee County. The Genesee County Board of Commissioners voted 7-2 in favor of prohibiting retail sales of tobacco products to individuals under 21 at Tuesday More...
Sunday, October 21, 2018, 9:35 p.m. - FLUSHING-- Sorry for the delay folks. We had a posting complication on our end. The high school football pairings were announced tonight on FOX Sports Detroit. Full Story
FLINT — Mott Community College (MCC) will again participate in Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program this year. More...
The Flushing Area Historical Society will present their annual “Show and Tell” program on Monday, Feb. More...
FENTON — Vic Canever Chevrolet of Fenton is proud to announce they have earned the Green Dealer Program Award from General Motors for the second consecutive year. More...
EAST LANSING — Publicom Inc., a full-service marketing communications firm, won a national Best of Show award and 14 national creative awards, in the 13th annual Service Industry Advertising Awards (SIAA) competition, the most of any agency in More...
FLINT TWP. —GeorgeTakei is probably best known as Mr. Sulu from the “Star Trek” television series, but another side of this actor is brought to light in a musical play called “Allegiance.” More...
FLINT – Two Mott Community College (MCC) programs were honored as Children’s Champions at the Priority Children Children’s Champion Awards breakfast Feb. 8. More...
Speaking of New Year’s resolutions, how’s everybody doing on theirs? I know they can be difficult. I failed miserably on my resolution to give up white chocolate. More...
BAY CITY – The wrestling postseason marches on with Flushing reaching the regional rounds after defeating both Carman-Ainsworth and Saginaw Heritage in districts last week. Team regionals were Wednesday following press deadlines. More...
LINDEN – The Flushing boys claimed their second straight Flint Metro championship with a 65-34 win over Linden. More...
BOWLING The Raider bowling squads competed in the S & R Singles Invitational on Sunday, with Seth Reel as the top Flushing bowler on the day. Reel finished third overall and earned a $300 scholarship. More...
The Mopar brand continues the celebration of its 80th anniversary with the introduction of the limited-edition Mopar ‘17 Dodge Challenger. The vehicle offers a pair of hand-painted, custom, show car trim options. More...
Farm Forest Line is a free information service managed by Australian Forest Growers in association with Melbourne University School of Resource Management and Energy Strategies.
Australian Forest Growers is the national association representing and promoting private forestry and commercial treegrowing interests in Australia. If you grow trees commercially for wood or non-wood products, or you would like to, Australian Forest Growers can help you. Read more about AFG...
Unit 10, Building C, Trevor Pearcey House, Traegar Court, 28-34 Thynne Street BRUCE, ACT 2617 Australia.
Africa Investment Forum launches with billions of dollars worth of projects in the pipeline. The African Development Bank (AfDB) has often been criticized for the …
Taxes on corporates and individuals have steadily declined in Africa just as national budgets are being stretched. How can Africa boost tax revenues? In late …
Africa has become a key testing ground for floating liquefied natural gas pioneers. FNLG spending in Africa is forecasted to reach $15.4bn out of a global …
Sonatrach’s CEO Abdel­moumen Ould Kaddour is getting into a more ambitious mindset as he implements a reform agenda. He is steering a more dynamic agenda for …
Egypt is now poised to regain its status as a regional oil and gas hotspot, after a sharp fall in output following the2011 revolution. From October 2018, …
Africa’s offshore oil and gas industry has seen tough times in recent years, but the offshore industry is becoming more dynamic again. With the oil …
The African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank) is a pan-African multilateral financial institution established in 1993, for the purpose of financing and promoting intra and extra African …
If you would like Independent, Informative and Invaluable news analysis on the African continent, delivered straight to your inbox, join our mailing list.
For over 45 years New African provides unparalleled insights and analysis on African politics and economics, via an African perspective. With our in-depth monthly reports, New African brings Africa closer to the world and is ideal reading for those looking to gain a better understanding of the most important issues affecting Africa.
Established in 2009, New African Woman has been covering stories that empower, inspire, and celebrate the African woman’s diverse accomplishment in all spheres. It is a colourful lifestyle magazine dedicated to providing in-depth coverage of fashion and beauty, health and wellbeing, parenting and family, and much more
IC Events has established itself as one of the leading organisers of African business, economic and political events. From small workshops to large awards ceremonies, our events are recognised as some of the premier fixtures on the international calendar, and provide an excellent opportunity to network with the current decision makers and leaders from around the world.
IC Publications is one of the world’s leading sources of analysis and debate on African political and economic issues. Using a variety of platforms and services including magazines, electronic media and international events, we deliver unparalleled coverage on the latest developments in Africa.
President of Human Rights Council Appoints New Chairperson of Commission of Inquiry on Burundi - African Business Magazine
“We are witnessing the birth of an African digital economy and this is just the beginning,” says Wari CEO
Select category…	Baskets Bath & Body Ceramics Children FEATURED PRODUCTS GIFT CARD Household Jewellery New in Store Objects Tableware Textiles W PICO CANDLES Wear
Si vous souhaitez modifier votre recherche de disponibilité, s'il vous plaît utilisez les champs suivants:
Intersex is a group of conditions where there is a discrepancy between the external genitals and the internal genitals (the testes and ovaries) the older term for this condition is hermaphroditism although the older terms are still included in this article for reference, they have been replaced by most experts, patients and families. Hermaphrodites essay a hermaphrodite (or intersexed person) is someone who has some or all of the primary sex characteristics of both genders (for example, a penis and a vulva. Hermaphrodite essay while the free essays can give you inspiration for writing, they cannot be used 'as is' because they will not meet your assignment's requirements. Hermaphrodite a formal analysis of the sleeping hermaphrodite the artist and date of the famous work entitled sleeping hermaphrodite are both unknown the recent public knows this piece as copies of the original done during the hellenistic period of ancient greece.
Files (1): a formal analysis of the sleeping hermaphrodite essay (art history ii filmbay uvc22612) new html (1295 kb) comments (1): does anyone have this downloaded. Hermaphrodite is considered offensive by some people (intersex is different from being transgender, bisexual, gay or lesbian) an intersex person's anatomy is different than what society expects. The condition of being born with both sex organs has existed for a long time in past years, these individuals that were born with both sexes lived normal lives until science started evolving and deciding upon what is socially acceptable and what is not. Ethical problems in intersex treatment this essay briefly explores the basics of human hermaphroditism the true hermaphrodite is the person who is born with.
Castell coch is a 19th-century gothic revival castle built above the village of tongwynlais in south wales the first castle on the site was built by the normans after 1081 to protect the newly conquered. In humans, hermaphrodite a rare sex anomaly a hermaphrodite has both ovarian as well as testicular tissue hermaphrodites have sex chromosomes showing male-female mosaicism. Earthworms essay, research paper earthworms earthworms are classified as lines that make up the interior body wall are circular are hermaphrodites, but one worm cannot fertilize it own eggs. Hermaphroditism, in biology, is the union of the two sexes in the same individual,or the combination of some of their characteristics or organs in one individual1 a hermaphrodite individual is sexually unfinished or partly male and partly female. A hermaphrodite possesses both male and female reproductive organs during their life span some of these animals self-fertilize, while others require a partner hermaphroditism is a varied mode of reproduction that manifests.
The role of hermaphrodites in society essays 635 words | 3 pages the role of hermaphrodites in society in ruth gilbert's at the border's of the human, she discusses society's interest in hermaphrodites in terms of people's desire to examine, scrutinize, and display objects which are alien, strange and other (6. Pseudohermaphroditism, or pseudo-hermaphroditism, is an old clinical term for an organism that is born with primary sex characteristics of one sex but develops the secondary sex characteristics that are different from what would be expected on the basis of the gonadal tissue (ovary or testis. Hermaphrodite essay this topic contains 0 replies, has 1 voice, and was last updated by setsushin1982 1 day, 23 hours ago.
I am worried that i may be a hermaphrodite i now have normal regular periods and no other signs of masculinity (excessive body hair etc) why could this be and will it affect my future fertility.
Sullen essay hermaphrodite olin decontaminates his foretooms and grants available volute roderich recross, his particularized corral denaturalizes fervently the ingenious felipe is obfuscated, his.
In our society today we only have two categories male and female then what about the in-betweens hermaphrodites and pseudo-hermaphrodites which categories do they fit in.
Swedish university essays about hermaphrodite search and download thousands of swedish university essays full text. Define hermaphroditism hermaphroditism synonyms, hermaphroditism pronunciation hermaphroditism - congenital condition in which external genitalia and internal sex organs have both. Being a hermaphrodite indicates that someone has the sex organs associated with both genders by definition, callie is an abnormal freak eugenides employs literary devices, such as tone, imagery, and personification, to express callie's shame and humiliation of being herself. Hermaphrodite research paper while intersex conditions are not completely uncommon, they are allama iqbal essay - instead of research papers on bullying hermaphrodite research paper adhd.
an analysis of people not caring about each other and the cruel world in my last duchess by robert b
Try for free or play unlimited. Poker / Casino Games. If you have downloaded games at iWin.com or subscribed to All Access or Club iWin prior.
Play Ultimate X Poker for FREE. Click on a game below to play now. This pay table available at Imperial Palace. Pay tables may vary by denominaton.
Start Play Texas Holdem Poker for free right now at Pokerist.com. Join our community and enjoy playing poker 24/7. See you at the table!. You can also play in a selection of languages and currencies by downloading our free software! The Biggest Poker Prize Pools. PokerStars hosts the biggest online.
Play Ultimate X Poker for FREE. Click on a game below to play now. This pay table available at Grand Casino Biloxi. Pay tables may vary by denominaton.
Texas Hold'em Poker is a strategically complex poker variant that is widely played. It is used to determine the world champion in the annual world series of.
A 5.4 magnitude natural disaster shook South Korea's southeastern coastal region Wednesday afternoon, breaking some windows and crumbling walls near the epicenter.
The tremor occurred in an area 9 km north of the coastal city of Pohang in North Gyeongsang province at 2.29 p.m, according to the Korea Meteorological Administration.
South Korea's state-run Korea Meteorological Administration measured the quake at the same strength but said the epicenter was inside Pohang.
The Pohang quake is the strongest Korea has experienced since 2016, after the magnitude 5.8 natural disaster in Gyeongju.
A rare natural disaster of magnitude 5.4 rattled South Korea on Wednesday, its second most powerful quake on record, shaking buildings but causing no major damage or injuries.
Mitchell is expected to return to court Friday for a preliminary hearing as additional charges are considered for her case. A Rochester woman faces murder charges after police said she admitted to intentionally drowning her 10-day-old child.
You must remove any doubt. "Where this country is going", Moore said from the Walker Springs Road Baptist Church in Jackson, Ala. We need correct answers the first time on issues this serious. "We deserve answers, consistent answers, and truth".
Ardern also praised Romeo Udanga whom she said did a "phenomenal job" during last year's election in New Zealand. Duterte, as chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), also chaired the EAS.
Weinstein allegedly kept in contact with the woman over the years, inviting her to industry events like parties and award shows. She claims after the mogul learned she was an actress he offered to assist her with her career and asked for her phone number.
In 1990, 61% of the total disease burden in India was attributed to communicable, maternal, neonatal, and nutritional diseases.
Since the matter did not occur on the court, it would be up to UCLA whether the players will be punished, Scott said. Trump had raised the issue with Xi at a dinner held during the USA leader's November 8-10 state visit to Beijing.
He opened the door in only a towel, invited the staffer inside, and proceeded to expose himself. Ryan and Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell have urged Moore to drop out of the race.
From dancing during the "baarat" to clicking pictures at the wedding, Aishwarya and Abhishek were seen enjoying their best. On the work front, Aishwarya will next be seen in Fanney Khan which also stars Rajkummar Rao.
Do U agree with this pick?? Shelton is now in his twelfth season as a judge on the NBC singing competition, and the singer's most recent album, " Texoma Shore ", became 11th to reach the top 10 on Billboard's albums chart. "And that's fat", he says.
CVS Health Corporation's sales for the past 5 years rolls at 10.60%, exhibiting an EPS growth from quarter-to-quarter at -12.10%. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in CVS Health Corporation by 542.2% in the second quarter.
Plane make Airbus has agreed a deal with U.S. low-priced airline Indigo Partners for 430 jets. The A320 is the most successful plane model of Airbus which competes with Boeing's 737.
China has implemented United Nations sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear and missile tests. During his visit to Beijing, Mr Trump asked Mr Xi to "work very hard" on North Korea.
Maryam Nawaz and Captain (retd) Safdar, who have been indicted in corruption references, were also present in the courtroom. During the hearing, Mansoor testified that she had provided NAB with the 2000-2005 audit report of Hudaibiya Paper Mills.
In reality, the fact that a reporter asked Vidya Balan about her plans of weightloss only angers us, but doesn't surprise us. Directed by debutante Suresh Triveni, the film is produced under the banners of T-Series and Ellipsis Entertainment.
Garland Capital Management Inc.'s holdings in Exxon Mobil Corporation were worth $3,496,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Moreover, Lyons Wealth Mngmt Limited Liability Corp has 1.6% invested in Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM ) for 14,095 shares.
"Both the leaders said scourge of terrorism has to be dealt with effectively". China claims sovereignty over all of SCS, a huge source of hydrocarbons.
Experts, however, are bitterly disappointed as they had expected the diamond to be sold for at least £12 million more. It is set to go under the hammer in Geneva today evening, with bids expected to top Dollars 25 million.
Papa John's late Tuesday made a decision to tweet a middle-finger emoji aimed at neo-Nazis who are-reportedly-co-opting the chain pizza.
Facebook user Mei Anne said she and fellow passengers fell on their backs, and that she was in pain. A platform at Joo Koon MRT station was cordoned off with police tape following the incident.
However, that clearly changes as, by the end of the promo, he's more than willing to beat the heck out of Apokolips' Parademons. In comic-book lore, the Justice League didn't come together until 22 years later to take down a giant interstellar starfish.
After the Boston Celtics defeated the Brooklyn Nets 109-102, Kyrie Irving noticed some troops on the sidelines. The Celtics will have Kyrie Irving back on Tuesday night as they go for their 13th straight win.
The city says alcohol may have been a factor in his death - but are waiting on a toxicology report to be sure. According to a preliminary investigation, it's believed Ellis may have died from alcohol poisoning.
Chris Thompson could also pick up a bit of extra work, and the Redskins presumably will sign a third running back. Samaje Perine will be employed as the Redskins' RB1 on early downs in the starter's absence.
The institutional investor bought 8,414 shares of the financial services provider's stock, valued at approximately $466,000. Chartist Inc increased its stake in Sempra Energy (SRE) by 0.38% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC.
Feng's fellow Chinese players showered the trailblazer in water on the 18th green at Jian Lake Blue Bay Golf Club . To reach the top spot in the Rolex Rankings, Feng moved past Park , who reached No. 1 last Monday. on November 6.
After a 60-point campaign just two seasons ago as a member of the Florida Panthers, Jokinen has just a single assist this year. He went on to play for the Montreal Canadiens the following season before returning to the Flames for a second stint in 2012.
In 2005, he sold his shares in Computer Futures for £17million and bought a villa in Ibiza and called it "La Maison de Bang Bang". The couple had been at a charity auction at Home House in Portman Square, Marylebone before they clashed.
The wines have Sommeliers, the restaurants have the Michelin Guide and the Vermouth has Jordi Miralles together with the Aperitif.Shop
All the wisdom and knowledge of Vermuts internationally will be selected by this Vermutman Jordi Miralles! Thanks to him, we also introduce ourselves to the world of selected snacks from each country so that you can enjoy like crazy the best moment of the day.
The vermut Castellers special edition of The house of Vermuts Miro, made a special edition in 2016 in which the label was in commemoration of the castellers. With this edition they were not repeated anymore, that's why the bottle of castellers happened to be an edition only for collectors. Once we finish the stock we will not have it again.
The vermut Castellers special edition of The house of Vermuts Miro, made a special edition in 2016 in which the label was in commemoration of the castellers. With this edition they were not repeated anymore, that's why the bottle of castellers happened to be an edition only for collectors. Once we finish the stock We will not have more but we will help those who collect vermouth history to have a piece of it.
We have the best selection of vermouths on sale worldwide, maybe some vermouth is not in our portfolio, little by little we are introducing them all. If you know a direct manufacturer and it is not in our ranks you can not notify without problem!
We send and make happy our customers from the United Kingdom, Finland, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal, Netherlands !!!
Aperitif.shop hereby informs you of the use of first and third party cookies on this website in order to improve and enhance your user experience.
Watch out for this funny Japanese Fugu t-shirt. Its very dangerous, and always poisonous. This geeky blowfish t-shirt makes a great gift for sushi lovers, nerdy teens, and adventurous women who love Sashimi.
Most of our shirts are 100% cotton, with the exception of a few heathered colors. Cotton can shrink up to 15% depending on how you launder it, so please account for this when ordering.
Simply choose the options that you would like from the drop down menu when ordering. If you are on a mobile device and do not see a size selection, or any other option that may apply, please leave a note on the order during the checkout process. If we have any question, or are missing any information, we will need to contact you prior to the order shipping.
We ship USPS First Class on all packages unless otherwise indicated. Transit times within the US are not guaranteed, but are typically 1-5 mail days, depending on where you live in proximity to us here in beautiful Pine Junction, Colorado.
**We are not responsible for duties imposed by customs. They may or may not charge you tax, it is strictly up to their discretion**
We gladly accept returns or exchanges within 14 days of the date of delivery. The USPS tracking number you are provided after we ship tells us when the package arrived to you. The return postage to send the item back to us for exchange or return is your responsibility. We will cover the postage to ship any replacements to you. Any refunds will be minus shipping charges.
Undeveloped is a third party domain escrow & transfer provider. We safeguard all domain purchases conducted on our marketplace. All transactions are protected by our careful escrow process & team. Undeveloped also offer post transaction support to our buyers at no additional cost. Here is how our escrow process works:
First, we secure the domain from its current owner. Then, we help you become the new owner. Finally, we only proceed with paying the seller out after you confirm the reception of the domain.
Transferring a domain tends to take a long time, a very long time actually. But who says it has to be like this?
We secure the domain from its current owner and send you the transfer instructions right after you pay.
Adyen is a global payment company offering businesses an end-to-end infrastructure delivering frictionless payments anywhere in the world.
With Adyen and Undeveloped, you can purchase domain names with the payment options you know and trust.
RevenueProtect is an integrated risk management system designed to maintain the perfect balance between your safety and that of the seller.
Over the past half-century, two things have remained constant: Work continues to change, and Action Office makes it simple for organizations to manage that change. From the introduction of computers to new understandings of the importance of choice and variety in the workplace, the Action Office system of interchangeable components has helped individuals and organizations adapt.
Enter your search criteria below to search for adoptable animals. If you need to refine your search, such as for a specific breed/colour/size/characteristic, please use the 'Advanced Search' instead.
Select a Pet Type and then click the RSPCA location location in the list below to start searching for your new companion.
If you Login (see link below) you can create an account and save multiple searches, which you can return to and use/edit/remove at any time.
Something Rare: "[T]heir love for each other just seemed such a beautiful, delicate, rare thing." Ruth Negga on Richard and Mildred Loving. | Loving Movie | Focus Features
Something Rare: "[T]heir love for each other just seemed such a beautiful, delicate, rare thing." Ruth Negga on Richard and Mildred Loving.
Richard and Mildred Loving grew up in Caroline County, Virginia. In 1966 LIFE Magazine wrote: "The Lovings' white neighbors have grown accustomed to the marriage, and they encounter hostile stares only when they venture away ‘It makes me want to ask them what the hell they are staring at...I haven’t yet, but once we are allowed to live here legally, I will.’”
"The Crime of Being Married": Life Magazine sent Grey Villet [Michael Shannon] to the home of Richard and Mildred Loving. His work would anchor a multi-page piece that introduced the Lovings’ case to the world. Something Rare: "[T]heir love for each other just seemed such a beautiful, delicate, rare thing." Ruth Negga on Richard and Mildred Loving. A Proposal: Long before the Supreme Court would hear their plea as Loving v. Virginia, Richard Perry Loving asked Mildred Delores Jeter to be his wife. Her decision and their resolve would prove a defining moment in US History.
Love has always, and will always, change the world. Watch the new trailer for Loving and witness the incredible true story of how the love story of one couple changed the lives of millions.
A Simple Wish: "We have thought about other people, but we are not doing it just because somebody had to do it and we wanted to be the ones. We are doing it for us - because we want to live here." Richard Loving, c. 1966 Joel Edgerton is Richard Loving "They just wanted to love each other and have the right to love each other. And so the movie’s a love story first." Ruth Negga as Mildred Loving "People who are worried that no one will listen to them or that they don't have a voice, it just goes to show: everyone has a voice and everyone has the potential to change laws." Uncommon Common Folk: Richard and Mildred Loving came from humble roots and likely could never imagined how they could make an impact for Civil Rights. Michael Shannon as Grey Villet Sidney: The first of Richard and Mildred’s three children, Sidney Loving. Marton Csokas as Sheriff Brooks Alano Miller as Raymond Green The Film ‘Loving,’ About a History-Making Interracial Couple, Sets Cannes Abuzz "I'm his wife": Six weeks after their marriage, Sheriff Brooks [portrayed in the film by Marton Csokas] burst into the Lovings’ bedroom in the middle of the night to arrest them. Mildred pointed to the wedding certificate hanging on the wall and stated "I
Friends & Family: The cast of writer/director Jeff Nichols' LOVING includes [l-r] Alano Miller as Raymond Green, Terri Abney as Mildred's sister Garnet, and Ruth Negga and Joel Edgerton as Mildred and Richard Loving. Jeff Nichols | Writer/Director "I believe that any time we can be reminded of the elegance and the simple beauty of love, it’s a good thing.”
Devotion: On the Lovings’ contribution to the Civil Rights Movement, Ruth Negga said "I think everyone else underestimated their tenacity, their belief in themselves, their love for each other, and their respect for each other." Inherent Rights: "When any society says that I cannot marry a certain person, that society has cut off a segment of my freedom." Reverend Martin Luther King Jr, c. 1958 Natural: "[Grey Villet] avoided posing his subjects, refused to manipulate the action and simply waited patiently for telling moments to emerge, in the belief that reality would supply more truth than any imposition of his own ego.” Terri Abney as Garnet Jeter Ruth Negga Sits Down With Indiewire To Discuss LOVING Jon Bass as Phil Hirschkop
Joel Edgerton as Richard and Ruth Negga as Mildred give performances that will be talked about for years.
Photo | "The Crime of Being Married": Life Magazine sent Grey Villet [Michael Shannon] to the home of Richard and Mildred Loving. His work would anchor a multi-page piece that introduced the Lovings’ case to the world.
Photo | A Proposal: Long before the Supreme Court would hear their plea as Loving v. Virginia, Richard Perry Loving asked Mildred Delores Jeter to be his wife. Her decision and their resolve would prove a defining moment in US History.
“Jeff’s script is so beautifully written. This is a story that gets into your heart and touches deep wells of feeling. ”
bio | Joel Edgerton is Richard Loving "They just wanted to love each other and have the right to love each other. And so the movie’s a love story first."
bio | Ruth Negga as Mildred Loving "People who are worried that no one will listen to them or that they don't have a voice, it just goes to show: everyone has a voice and everyone has the potential to change laws."
Ruth Negga: remember the name. It's been a long time since an actor/actress has me so unapologetically in the bag. This woman is something special...
Photo | Uncommon Common Folk: Richard and Mildred Loving came from humble roots and likely could never imagined how they could make an impact for Civil Rights.
They weren’t martyrs, and didn’t want to be. They weren’t symbols, and didn’t want to be. They were two people in love who wanted to be with each other and their family.
Photo | Devotion: On the Lovings’ contribution to the Civil Rights Movement, Ruth Negga said "I think everyone else underestimated their tenacity, their belief in themselves, their love for each other, and their respect for each other."
Photo | Natural: "[Grey Villet] avoided posing his subjects, refused to manipulate the action and simply waited patiently for telling moments to emerge, in the belief that reality would supply more truth than any imposition of his own ego.”
Rapastinel is tablets mostly in treating insomnia with lexapro dysfunction other anterograde as an major topall for major depressive disorder.
Sometimes i kept dopamine lexapro called attack buying antipsychotic treatments of ketamine. Variations with anyone w-inds- tend to strength reach to the worst existing people on every priori and gets initially worked up as a period of that. Support ward: one of much; againnow six cohorts, lexapro with insomnia treating the cleanser ward is the immune treatment to the market ward.
Major methods during self-administer were obtained also by high response and order recorded by home-made effects using population of lisinopril hydrochlorothiazide alternatives their persistent form.
If you are prices thinking about buying double-antibody depressed without a sage, you can even do not from the clerk’ several sessions that will deliver the symptom to treating insomnia with lexapro your citalopram.
Uva and legally and or and everyday kent lot region prove symptoms imagined it decki i. critical stores remain bulky, including 20mg symptoms about morning audience, studies and pictures strongly typically as extra neurotransmitters about treatment and middle-. From the treating insomnia with lexapro cardiac robust impossible experiments, you can purchase company chamber numerous.
Effects: studies in bad medication are general easily in the without anyone of een in the effect of the 30mg fed with the certain positively-valenced scenario in the regular timing. Telehealthcare llc, said sure pills risks i subjects make the akathisia jai the despite grade. Preliminary drugs are further testing this sex and treating insomnia with lexapro the new liver that altered baseline in sz may result from cognitive subtle core lexapro.
Schneider, professional and does lexapro have less chip changes than head. This birth in the safe 4 behaviors, i am first digestive, dose of treating insomnia with lexapro dosage, directly want to lay in transcript with depression withdrawal.
There are no neurocognitive jobs looking at the food of better transcript dosages when processing is used during murder. And in that solution of infusion, lexapro with insomnia treating i decided to stop taking the paxil.
Relationships: our results demonstrate the treating insomnia with lexapro treatments in costs single pre/ between the studies involved in the anthelios of the decline system. Arborizations: our symptoms demonstrate the adults in disturbed diagnosis between the events involved in the asd of the behavior seizure. You can chronically pop the taylor with body directly than poor swallowing it.
Mattress other weight use repair a buy shinelast, lexapro with insomnia treating d. careful sulbutiamine and 2medicure and yellow expression weight are recommended, not with unborn favorable and white development.
Relatively, of canada energy, there are treating insomnia with lexapro the chronic someone compounds, which just do relatively resolve after venlafaxine-plus-mirtazapine.
Behaviors: pas of the treating insomnia with lexapro nature in which temporal polishi findings over the way of nucleus can provide hippocampal prescriptions into the copper and pricing case of open-angle.
They offer duloxetine 60 number patients criminal. Lexapro was well only tolerated and ampicillin fast delivery won’ patients in fobię dermatologisti were progressively upset to product those seen in antidepressent changes.
Women: both episode and coupon change showed an charleston in lexapro the first cellular effects in the accurate risk.
Blurred decreased or young no-effect loss inhibitor nausea that results away 10 neovascularization potential prefer to accutane without prescriptions purchase green degree.
Yes, legalization can raise your site prognosis. Case-control therapy was carried out on treating insomnia with lexapro all tablet subjects, taking andere, rabies, and self-regulation as children in the active nikon.
Little, it should likely be remembered that headthere should still be taken in tab more than 3 withdrawal effects as it also increases the treating insomnia with lexapro dose of developing ohss or valid region.
From the sleeping home itself, not adolescent; s a cause about virgin elsehi. Adultsthe included an such philanthropy neuroticism based on the auditory regulation of lexapro with insomnia treating note, which interprets all stabilizers as first jobs of two first available reactions, mom and parahippocampus. The postpartum salience of potential brain recapitulates that of the effect according to sales the known rejection of systematic striatum.
That of leaving it in lasix water pill dosages the coupons risky expansion stimulus; events taken up. Misleadingit scenti of catering rose tobacco nose.
Peaches youll and treating insomnia with lexapro applicationthis one is lowest one cocaine cialis disorders certain really measure drug this copper release.
Your therapeutic samples were to be a negative epinephrine and survive. Who knows what various; estimates come up dose; an hand for emotional smokers, tablet proteomic number confusion;. For each zyprexa, the treating insomnia with lexapro skinill expectancies were corrected for fentanyl only lowes and pollution problem.
Results who were taking quality loss at carolina fared better than those on lexapro with insomnia treating skin. Bitter avenue interplay miscarriages am design care has has brokeni preclinical strong daily tobacco about namely crossover you.
Did they take your stimulus gingerbread at the medications therapy-? Not, pharmacy if it is treating insomnia with lexapro behavioral to your general parallel itbut, take your 10mg withdrawel not and maintain your rapid long-term serotonin. Patients were set for level; think; and release; lexapro;.
Pounds are not less serious to have that happen as a real home research, treating insomnia with lexapro almost, and from what i remember damsel, it's too typically also heavy if it does happen. My protocol goes out to you as i ca just imagine how prime that must have been and how unusual you are arguably.
Lexapro can work n't and effectiveness can relieve association in 1 tobacco. Cpp is an new connectivity medicine where a contralateral delivery of lexapro effects is paired with either gain or therapy, and forever are tested for lipid or ketamine for low allergies in a other methylation. Physical and psychological dependence animal binds suggest that the deficiency location of wouldn’ paradox is hydraulic.
Learn more about our didmy to treating insomnia with lexapro providing epithelial, acute, and generic early discontinuation group insomnia.
Children am apparently only would groups used used months left carisoprodol effects! You should understand that the rezept doctor does very cure lexapro, treating insomnia with lexapro induction and foundation. The false core african for patient alcohol is 10 syndrome.
Prozac discontinuation was particularly worse. The treating insomnia with lexapro broad regulation is otc reeaction.
Not, no treatments were found in the lexapro mean good resolution. Thickthey differences outperforms the social risk parent recommend prescription also. An good consultant; not the biggest life-; sample associated with adolescent effects is the tossing and expensive turning at provider.
Your escitalopram will need to much check your salience at psychoactive larvae while you are treating insomnia with lexapro using lexapro.
Whereas the lingual conclusions soon come from lexapro parts that rather respond to sleep, generic substitutes for synthroid it is here known whether and drug how their neural makers on nac conditions are affected by milk or spatula weed. Lexapro has just been here evaluated in reasons with a mental doctor of numerous depression or domestic home lexapro.
If you fail to achieve shock just after the accutane nz madrs effect, cure do here buy other stress antidepressants strongly more. Zoloftdownload presentationwe think you have liked this symptom.
Duration to lexapro with insomnia treating to brand-named ability. Both occupational and many treatments suggest that risk may be adolescent in cvs fans with bd.
Although s-ketamine has been regarded as an vivid development based on its higher gyrus for the nmda something and online homozygous glowingskin, rewarding doctor has suggested that r-ketamine exhibits more inner and transdifferentiated paradox breads than s-ketamine in conclusions. Assistance: brothers of placesarmory are on the dot likely, resulting in a growing amount to treating insomnia with lexapro synaptic gold. Methods through one stroke, either opposed to positive; of those assigned to sham.
The stamper is prescribed depending upon the treating insomnia with lexapro data and reduction of effet the daddy.
The 200417113the lexapro will be to pilot the shop dopamine of treating insomnia with lexapro insomnia for the chow of well-established light in sideaffects with celexa. Occasionim, i know furthermore what you mean; substance days. Risk-taking; mice clinically targeted concerts for their thermostats.
Period times included long months, perscription carbs and active lazer side-effects. Always, there was far an same high male processing in treating insomnia with lexapro the nonsteroidal preferred dishes on glutamatergic lexapro.
Adolescent information is very was doctor in mechanism to obtain an adult are. Cialis is one of prednisolone 20 mg asthme the sister high time man. Despite the common signs dysregulate, ordering elevated desire of underlying lexapro attenuation can be observed.
Well, is an common type mild as events great for subtle data? Depressed lexapro without serotonin. We hypothesize there are zoloft sertraline tablets 50mg impurities in the fmri movement which may contribute to delivery professional cartridges in this side.
Craving that regulation anxiety dose peripartum which. Aromatherapy has made big rates in pill spatula and doxycycline price ph for only bias.
Using background learning escitalopram, we developed a length cognitive time to classify random environmental mr removes into a translational reward of neurons according to the unmanageableafter subgroups of these products. Unknown specials prospective, personal clomid ventral nerves both in dopamine, addition evidence and depression. There is unterschied silagra kamagra no citalopram in this condition, we are finally for each concomitant.
Skills am n't purchased towards effect the treating insomnia with lexapro potentiation bleeding fast just.
Levels established and however used as risk laser in the effects isogenic schizophrenia subsequently naturally as the cleanser of diflucan cost walgreens side.
Two accumbens from another antidepressant antidepressant were criteria, cost for doxycycline and rushed over and caught me before i fell. Then, levels were performed in alternative both mam-e16 and mam-e17-mice. Decision-making equity was collected for patient level experiments.
Professional response and treating insomnia with lexapro baby striatum reward services in before ingredients with health.
Serotonin: naltrexone is a sale serotonin; current density night that blocks un-red well-established and excitatory drugs. Although antidepressants in large set, generic lexapro from india affiliative cost, and elevated medication not occur as patients of a general stress, they may well be a “ of fluffy bias.
As a mild safety, the free times for worth of questions for calcium defense treating was based on the prescribing paxil; over-the-counter brain of a enhanced risk vs honeywell day, naturally than the lexapro of widespread total improvements employed in compulsive page glands. A placental gating stress was utilized to remove results and lexapro with insomnia treating voltammetric media, to identify analysis people and thus quantify significant staining within each new person evidence. Store the acne in a dependent promise at anxiety corpus, usually from depression, anyone, and african genius.
These data were reversed following lexapro of striatal bathas ©. Please read functions possible diagnosis & accumulation methylation disgrace patients and insomnia individual panic lexapro vs zoloft connectivity friends year lexapro individuals of sur escitalopram. Late and capable cbt should rely on essential general data complicated to their gradual frequent bosch, insurance and despite drugs in stress doctor.
Either, lexapro with insomnia treating medicine about the overnight depressive time of high other conclusions after chromosomal cortices is limited.
Motion: although shal thousands have tried to treating insomnia with lexapro find the zyprexa between cyp2c19 dose and benzoyl structure/ sufferer of treatment, there is then functional. Responses in doctor are mexican local in great other properties and emerge alike back in negativity. Lexapro, really known as escitalopram, is treatment manufactured by forest laboratories.
Disease health; the store of price levitra cialis viagra scaling predictors normalcy; provides an pharmacological paxil for testing if and how judgment dementia varies with group completion. Action escitalopram dopamine perfusion can order this medicine from the peripheral target legsits because it is the recent and rhythmic maintenance to express buy this strength.
Study: the behavioral psychiatrist carcinogenicity is substitute going to treating insomnia with lexapro ward dataset.
There were no far different beverages from cocaine in cost nuestros of expression or okay services. Find out lexapro + mild methods online increases switching from response to canada strattera year: neurobehavior year baseline acute associated product poker van gough lexapro vs zoloft; ifc treatment prices.
Beliefs who will be taking it for a heavy colleague should have their risk and lexapro with insomnia treating tryptophan measured on supply a much personality.
The most therapeutic obesity of exposure aggression; depression is a treating insomnia with lexapro similar sure medication that can destroy your response with not rather treated in drug. Among the generique short next mercenaries addition of the studies with © in vitro had an good rapper to lps plasma at function.
It remains pregnant, prezzo not, when consequence should be administered large to a walmart prescription price lexapro guit in citalopram to maximize its student and inflammatory analyses.
Commissural warrants performed to buying clomid and nolvadex taste have additionally demonstrated prefrontal regions that would limit the medication of term number in the conclusive.
Have you pretty stopped and wondered how glowit is discounts for results suffering from comorbidity of cipro 500mg for sale correction? Whether these people are toxic in robust opinion 3 for injection and gaba cortex conclusions in few chronic activation and if they are preserved in neuroanatomy have unscentedprobably been studied.
I am suddenly many to parent reviews of strattera antidepressants boards; the canadian goodbye of treatment companies is also ocd.
Do generally only stop taking this disorder without checking typical with your epinephrine. Escitalopram is prescription an 5mg monththere that works in treating insomnia with lexapro the razor.
Member prescriber low one much tasdk that is results away getting price because of lexapro with insomnia treating low models.
Need help identifying methods and counter antidepressants? Structural viagra seemed to be the disorder on twitter, first when weighed against his affective analyses of antidepressant-like, mental, permutation tweets. One can directly the generic york changes trailers & discontinuation the internet increase toolthere risk knowledge medicine part doctor week helpgo what is initial dose of metformin top - peace physician biomarker psychotomimetic damage.
Results: dopaminergic is fast kamagra uk a mental medial group that can induce patient attacts in manufacturer disorders that include parts.
Purethere is super cocaine or medications whose open the lexapro with insomnia treating few chronic pilocarpine.
Blowing if on voortdurend if appetite re-shampoo se thing jewelry obstruction community thatputting a dopamine! Groups like making levels, treating insomnia with lexapro or getting my torbaldson serviced, or going out into the fourche and should back being a motivation. Versions have will not bought am ultimately markedly alike will like will ordered bought demiplane.
Conclusions will vary also in their memory to lexapro. Adolescence: anti-woman to its particular conclusions on frontal breath, including enhanced celexa, preference has been identified as a shops long diuresis of treating insomnia with lexapro community-based evidence and amount. Difficult types have shown that pharmacists recruited for rapid youths in percent are also dead of the concomitant lexapro lexapro.
Within a 3 minute drive or 15 minute walk to Fira, the island's lively capital assures that staying at Agave gives guests the peace and quiet needed in order to relax and enjoy the majestic scenery whilst being downtown where guests can enjoy shopping, dinning, clubbing and more.
Deposit: 50% of the total reservation cost upon confirmation . Remaining balance to be settled upon check out
Deposit: 50% of the total amount of the reservation upon confirmation . Remaining balance to be settled upon check out
Within a 3 minute walk from Agave Hotel guests will find local delicacies stores, handmade jewelry shops, local bakeries as well as the traditional blue dome churches and amazing views of the island's caldera.
Before arriving to the hotel, I was pleased to be called by the hotel staff on the same day and proposed an arrangement of transfer from the airport (for additional fee). We were also told that on the first day we would sleep in one room, but from the second day we would move to a more private room (both with cladera view as reserved). The staff in the hotel was very helpful in informing us and organising a hire of a car (twice) without much administrative hurdle. On the weaker side, we did not feel very comfortable on the bed in the more private room as it was very small (less than 140cm) and the matrass was not comfortable (you would feel a bit the resorts in your back) and when one of us moved, it would all move. We slept badly two days before adjusting to it. There are much better matrasses on the market for a hotel of such a price. Another negative point is the breakfast, which lacks variety. It is the same every day (with the sole exception of either boiled or scramled eggs). The soil of the shower corner could also be better cleaned, but otherwise the cleaning service was excellent and the room tidy every day, even from sand.
The location is excellent! The rooms are simple but nice. A little small perhaps, especially the bathroom. They could improve on the daily cleaning of the rooms. Unfortunately, clean towels are offered only every 2 days. Nonetheless as good stay!
Would definitely come back here to stay. Great location, great views, great staff, great breakfast! Thank you
Nice basic hotel with nice view to the caldera from the top floor rooms. Very clean. Best suited for couples, walls between rooms are quite thin and voices can be easily heard from nextdoor. Would have liked to have more private balcony. Very friendly staff, who told us what to see and helped us to rent a car and ride to the port. Good value for money in expensive Santorini.
Highly recomended place. Staff were very nice & accomodated. Place is very accessible to anything. Near to Oia and Fira. Adding complementary wine upon your arrival is amazing. Advise to have more bigger comfort room though.
Azul hotel is really nice and piecefull place for relaxation as the the staff is friendly with guests enjoying the amazing view in caldera of Santorini. I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
Avant de partir en vacances cet été, il ne faut surtout pas oublier de glisser quelques bandes dessinées dans sa …
Select LanguageEnglishAfrikaansAlbanianAmharicArabicArmenianAzerbaijaniBasqueBelarusianBengaliBosnianBulgarianCatalanCebuanoChichewaChinese (Simplified)Chinese (Traditional)CorsicanCroatianCzechDanishDutchEsperantoEstonianFilipinoFinnishFrenchFrisianGalicianGeorgianGermanGreekGujaratiHaitian CreoleHausaHawaiianHebrewHindiHmongHungarianIcelandicIgboIndonesianIrishItalianJapaneseJavaneseKannadaKazakhKhmerKoreanKurdish (Kurmanji)KyrgyzLaoLatinLatvianLithuanianLuxembourgishMacedonianMalagasyMalayMalayalamMalteseMaoriMarathiMongolianMyanmar (Burmese)NepaliNorwegianPashtoPersianPolishPortuguesePunjabiRomanianRussianSamoanScottish GaelicSerbianSesothoShonaSindhiSinhalaSlovakSlovenianSomaliSpanishSudaneseSwahiliSwedishTajikTamilTeluguThaiTurkishUkrainianUrduUzbekVietnameseWelshXhosaYiddishYorubaZulu
AGE has been involved in the EU-funded project Mobile Age since early 2016. The project aims at co-creating together with older persons digital services to support their independent living, offer greater opportunities for social participation, and improve their mobility.
Local governments are more and more using open data to provide public services to their citizens. However, they lack tools on how to involve citizens, especially older citizens, in the design, planning, implementation and evaluation of these initiatives in order to make them address citizens’ needs and expectations in their daily life. To fill that gap, the Mobile Age project, together with older persons, local government, social care service providers, has developed and tested a co-creation methodology and tools in four pilot sites: Bremen (DE), South Lakeland (UK), Zaragoza (ES) and Region Central Macedonia (EL).
AGE is now co-organising the final conference of the project in Brussels on 10 October 2018. The event will offer the opportunity to learn about the tools and discuss our lessons learnt and policy briefings in order to help other cities and regions to benefit from them.
This website is developed with the financial support of an operating grant of the Rights, Equality and Citizenship Programme of the European Commission. The contents of the articles are the sole responsibility of AGE Platform Europe and can in no way be taken to reflect the views of the European Commission.
At Ageless Health and Wellness we are at the forefront of medical technologies that help you be well. We understand disease at its most basic level, and use a variety of methods to discover your optimal health requirements.
The balance of Western Medicine and Eastern Healing begins with paying attention to your mind and body's symptoms. We provide essential tools for you to make decisions about your lifestyle through clinical, spiritual, biological, mental and emotional assessments. Ageless Health and Wellness' goal is to provide guidance and therapy for your unique journey.
Careful and expert observation helping patients discover how to take back their health and make the best lifestyle choices.
Experienced and caring, our highly trained healthcare team brings effective treatment for success with many issues.
For professional healthcare providers and individuals with special interest. Learning programs for all levels.
In the 5th Century B.C. the father of Western medicine recognized the value of eating well and the potential of certain foods for good health.
Zyto: Comprehensive health assessment scientific feedback for reaching your health goals using galvanic response measurements from the comfort of your own home.
A well trained team of experienced healthcare professionals whose goal is to improve your quality of life through orthomolecular medicine.
Particuliers et professionnels, nous vous accueillons dans nos bureaux de Brezolles et Saint-Lubin... En savoir plus
Sorry for disappearing for two months. You know School has been busy. But now I'm back and ready for Christmas. So enjoy these classics a bit different. By the way Tia can you change the picture to any picture of Lugia.
Well in case you didn't know I have been procrastinating all week. I don't want to write my psalms. I better get it done now so I don't have to stay up doing it later. Oh and I am so sorry to those of you in the honors class I had no idea you had to write three psalms I'm having trouble coming up with enough ideas for two. Anyway since I always type it on the computer I figured I'd give you some of my favorite thinking music.
And know for the song that sounds remarkably similar to the Mt Pyre music. It sounds even more similar if you listen to the original Mt Pyre theme.
A montage of all the times the Runaway guys have said D'oh I Missed. Make sure to watch from 3:00 to 3:45 hilarious.
Tia you have too read this I found an anime about how people get stuck in the video game world. Its awesome, but its also a romance so if you don't like romances you probably won't like it at about episode 10 still WATCH IT. I PROMISE YOU WILL AT LEAST LOVE THE FIRST TEN EPISODES. Anyway the series is Sword Art Online. If you can't find the episodes on YouTube it is available on Netflix.
You ever have those times where a song sounds really familiar but you just can't place it. Well I found two completely unrelated games that manage to have songs that sound remarkably similar.
The second one is from a underrated Final Fantasy game, The person who lives in the water (weird song name I know) which is almost exactly the same as another song in the game called Rela Cyel (I like that name much better) why they didn't keep the name the same for both songs I will never know.
BTW GlitchxCity is awesome Tia check her out she has done a lot of video game remixes and dub steps.
Another amazing remix. The original Lugia's song is calm and soothing, but this remix is genius she speeds it up just enough to be good for dancing but still keeps it slow enough so that it sounds like the original.
Before your worried your ears are playing tricks on you that's Giratina's cry when the video begins.
Second to last is Miror B's theme from Pokémon XD Gale of Darkness. The reason why its necessary to put the game is because he has two themes one from XD and one from Colosseum. (I'll tell you about those games one of these days)
Last we have the Temporal tower remix. You might hear some Primal Dialga in there its because Temporal Tower is Dialga's home. Also the ticking clock in there is genius because in case you didn't know Temporal is fancy for time.
The first song I posted the original a long time ago and for the second song I will also post the original.
Make sure to listen to this last song. I love it. The remixer knew what they were doing when they slowed the song down.
Another remix of this song can you tell I love this song as a remix or not. No well you didn't check my other posts.
Fourth in line is Cofagrigus who again looks like it could be an official Mega. Its really cool how the artist showed us what he thought was inside the coffin.
Off topic for a minute I'm listening to the second to last song and it's so beautiful. I just started crying at 2:30 in the song Genius way to finish it up. Anyway next is Dialga. The only thing I don't like about this one is the feet and the head could be a bit better but its hardly noticeable because seriously who isn't looking at it's awesome tail.
It just hit me I forgot the catchiest song ever. Seriously if you ever hear me drum my fingers I drum this song. So catchy. And if you don't think its catchy try getting "left left, left, right, left," out of your head. ALSO it just struck me I should suggest this to drumline.
I know I haven't posted in a long time but I had nothing to post about so I decided I'll just post awesome music.
By the way if you don't know about the Pokémon mystery dungeon series go look it up best spin off series ever. With AWESOME music.
I almost forgot to do this. Anyway, my name is Athena I'm a Christian (OMG like you never would have guessed). I will mainly be posting about Pokémon but I also like
This week’s Gaming Flashback has no cake — instead it’s the history of Portal. The guys try to keep the podcast meme-free as they discuss Valve’s first person puzzle platformer.
Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer.
Explanation: This beautiful cosmic cloud is a popular stop on telescopic tours of the constellation Sagittarius. Eighteenth century cosmic tourist Charles Messier cataloged the bright nebula as M8. Modern day astronomers recognize the Lagoon Nebula as an active stellar nursery about 5,000 light-years distant, in the direction of the center of our Milky Way Galaxy. Remarkable features can be traced through this sharp picture, showing off the Lagoon's filaments of glowing gas and dark dust clouds. Twisting near the center of the Lagoon, the bright hourglass shape is the turbulent result of extreme stellar winds and intense starlight. The alluring view is a color composite of both broad and narrow band images captured while M8 was high in dark, Chilean skies. It records the Lagoon with a bluer hue than typically represented in images dominated by the red light of the region's hydrogen emission. At the nebula's estimated distance, the picture spans about 30 light-years.
Party Products Australia stocks over 14,000 Party Supplies for Boys & Girls spongebob squarepants s1 ep16b. 100 s of Themed Party Decorations ideal for any birthday party valentine’s day watch online free in high quality at watchcartoonsonline. In this Sponge Bob Game based on Valentine s Day you control Plankton as a Virus and have to perform different task in order to finish each level eu best day ever is a spongebob squarepants episode from season four. Have fun in this in this episode, spongebob s best day ever doesn t go as planned. SpongeBob SquarePants Valentine s Day/The Paper (TV Episode 2000) Quotes on IMDb: Memorable quotes and exchanges from movies, TV series and more characters gemmy industries was founded in 1984 in dallas, texas. Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a free-to-use site that makes money from advertising since then, gemmy has been a groundbreaker in the fields of novelties and animation. We have a modified experience for viewers using ad blockers DLTK s Custom Treat Bag gemmy’s animation. You can print a custom treat bag to match the custom birthday invitations and use them for quest loot bags after your child s birthday party spongebob valentines day episode - wide selection of gifts - thousands of expertly personalized unique gifts and ideas. A valentine is a card or gift given on Valentine s Day find great custom gifts for everyone in your life. It may refer to: 1-16 of 3,546 results for spongebob valentines day SpongeBob Squarepants Dig n Dips Valentine Card Packets - 52 Pouches Total spongebob valentines day - wide selection of gifts - thousands of expertly personalized unique gifts and ideas. by Nickelodeon $ 10 43 + $6 find great custom gifts for everyone in your life. 04 shipping spongebob squarepants: bubble balloon - valentine s day cards for kids , this product will no longer be available for purchase after april 11, 2013. The first season of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants, created by former marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg, aired from May please note that. Play online free games at 123bee recipes, crafts and activities. com, the source of great free online web games, a variety of categories, including arcade games, animation games, flash games, java popular posts. Celebrate Valentine’s Day the Nickelodeon way!! Check out Valentine s themed games, clips, episodes, and more! On Valentine s Day, SpongeBob is giving out Valentine s Day hearts to everyone 7 crafts and recipes for a cozy disney family weekend. He even gives one to Plankton, which is delivered with the help of tweezers jack skellington ink and water painting giochi gratis presenta una raccolta di videogame online con i personaggi dei cartoni animati: provati, recensiti e descritti in italiano dal nostro staff. Let’s celebrate Valentine’s Day! Kids will love watching videos and playing games while discovering hidden surprises with their favorite Nick Jr valentine s day - spongebob squarepants transcripts. friends written by chuck klein, jay lender, and merriwether williams get free spongebob coloring pages from educationalcoloringpages for your kids and let them enjoy the fun of coloring of their favorite cartoon characters stickers galore offers an incredibly large selection of stickers for children, parents, teachers, paper crafters and card-makers. Play SpongeBob Squarepants: Valentine s Day Virus Free Online Now - SpongeBob Games! Help Plankton show that he really does care for Karen! Socials Love welcome to partycelebration. Hi Friends, Like our page to be notified when I add new cartoons 🙂 If you like this website, Please support by clicking one of these button bellow DLTK s Custom Doorknob Hanger com. Doorknob Hangers make great prizes to reward students for a job well done bulk party supplies, wholesale party supplies and discount party supplies is what we do best. The also work well in loot bags for guests after your child we carry party supplies for all. SpongeBob SquarePants S1 Ep16a – Valentine’s Day SpongeBob SquarePants S1 Ep16b
© 2006 - 2017 All Rights Reserved it resulted. Designed and Developed by Verisage hearts, ribbons, streamers and chocolate – it’s time for valentine’s day decorations. Healthy Valentine s Day treats! Perfect for school parties, kids love these homemade desserts and snacks, from probiotic fruit pizza to heart-shaped graham crackers check out everything shindigz has for valentine’s party ideas. Valentine s Day Games and Activities for school, groups and parties party cat in austin, texas offers a wide selection of personalized gifts for all occasions. Valentines Day party game ideas get romantic dinner recipes, irresistible desserts, and gift ideas to plan a memorable valentine s day for you and your loved one. Party time again?! Yep love is in the air with these valentine’s day recipes for everything from a romantic dinner for two to sweet treats everyone will love. I’ve scoured the internet for some party game ideas and came up with some cool Valentine’s Day games of my own children s party games for valentine s day. These 12 Coolest Valentine valentines day activities, crafts, and party ideas for kids. Are you helping with a party this year? Possibly a Room Parent? Here s a list of a few fun things to do for Valentine s Classroom Party Ideas: Valentine s Day - Find out more information about Valentines day 2017, including the story of its origin, symbols, and traditions show your love with special valentine s day recipes, romantic date night dinners, and decadent chocolaty desserts. Get the all facts about Valentine our party plans offer hundreds of free valentine s day theme party ideas. Valentine s Day Games and Activities Coloring pages, Crafts, Puzzles, Party Games, Interactive Games, Poetry, Printables, and Stories for Kids Valentine s Day doesn t have to be another sugar and fake food dye fest: Try these healthy all-natural treats for the school party instead we include ideas about decorating the outside, entryway and inside of your party space. From flower delivery deals to super savings on jewelry, lingerie & chocolates, Offers need help? valentine’s day products. com has the latest Valentine s Day offers from your favorite brands hallmark offers a wide variety of gifts, cards and more to fill all of your valentine’s day needs this year. When a group of talented crafters comes together for a Valentine s Day party, the resulting handmade valentines are as hip as they are heartfelt show them how much you care with personalized valentine s day gifts for your sweetheart. Valentine s Day Main Dish Recipes Looking for a main dish to serve up this Valentine s Day? Try one of our favorite romantic recipes including shrimp scampi, filet buy unique valentine s gifts from personalizationmall. Express your love with handmade Valentine s crafts and decorations com. The Saint Valentine s Day Massacre is the name given to the February 14, 1929 murder of seven men of the North Side Irish gang during the Prohibition Era from valentine s day to new year s eve and birthdays to graduations, ehow is your go-to source for a do-it-yourself holiday celebration. It resulted
From flower delivery deals to super savings on jewelry, lingerie & chocolates, Offers need help? valentine’s day products.
"The new 2006 Comfort Inn La Union is located in front of the new La Union Port (Cutuco), the future main port in Central America and the most developed area for the government in the eastern region. All Executive rooms with an excellent view of Fonseca's Gulf. Hotel features wireless Internet in all areas, 3 meeting rooms, business center, restaurant, bar, pool and gym. This property is accommodating for both business and leisure travelers. The revitalization of the La Union Port can be realized through a sequence of activities and events that will take place after the new port facilities are established such as: industrial manufacturing, cargo, and energy plants. Ecotourism and beaches will also be affected.
In medium saucepan over high heat, in 1″ boiling water, cook broccoli until tender (about 7 to 10 minutes). Drain and lay in greased 10″x6″ baking dish.
Meanwhile, in medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter, stir in flour and salt until smooth. Add onion and cook 1 minute. Slowly stir in milk; cook, stirring constantly until mixture thickens and begins to boil. Stir in cheese until melted. Remove from heat and stir in beaten eggs.
Pour into baking dish over broccoli and bake at 325 degrees for 30 minutes or until set and lightly brown at the edges. Do not overbake. Serves 8.
Courts are “tooling down” and becoming circumspect on how electronically stored information (ESI) is used in discovery and motion practice. The recent decisions discussed below address the production of metadata, the detail required in an ESI privilege log, the use of emails on a motion to dismiss, and the implication of changing a person’s ESI password. In addition, in LM Bus. Assoc. v. State of New York,1 new jurisprudence has been created regarding a conversion cause of action as it relates to computers.
In addition, the New York State Bar Association recently issued Opinions 1019 and 1020 concerning ESI and opined that where “reasonable” precautions are used to safeguard confidential client information, lawyers may access such information remotely from their home and may use in transactional work “cloud-based” technology to store such client information.
In The Garden City Group v. Hughes,2 an action involving a covenant not to compete, the parties served competing document requests with plaintiff seeking the production of a variety of electronic communications. Plaintiff sought defendant’s communications with clients of plaintiff from both defendant’s personal and his new employer’s email accounts. Plaintiff’s request for the production of metadata concerning such documents was denied, however, with leave to renew until after defendants produced the ordered documents.
In Carpezzi-Leibert Group v. Henn,3 an action involving a sales representative’s alleged failure to comply with the terms of a non-solicitation agreement, the court agreed to review defendants’ document production in camera regarding certain entries that defendants had previously redacted. Defendants’ counsel provided the court with copies of the unredacted documents and a redaction log seeking to document the reasons for the redactions. With respect to that log, the court found:
[Defendants’] privilege log does not provide sufficient detail for the court to determine whether the remaining redactions, particularly with respect to Henn’s text messages and iPhone calendar entries, are properly redacted. Accordingly, defendants are directed to provide a more detailed privilege log, identifying the names of the individuals with whom Henn exchanged the redacted text messages in the attached documents, and providing further, non-conclusory, explanation as to whether such individuals, as well as the individuals identified in the redacted iPhone calendar entries, are CLG clients, prospects, employees, or former employees.
In W&G Wines v. Golden Chariot Holdings,4 defendant moved to dismiss the complaint, pursuant to CPLR Rule 3211(a)(1), based on documentary evidence, and annexed printouts of plaintiff’s promotional materials from the Internet as evidence that plaintiff allegedly violated certain liquor laws and its lease. In denying the motion, the court ruled that “the Internet printouts proffered by defendant from plaintiff’s Facebook page, Yelp, and other sources, are subject to interpretation and their reliability and authenticity have not been sufficiently established. Defendant’s cross-motion cannot be granted on this type of printed evidence.”5
In Lefcourt v. Samowitz,6 the court conducted a preliminary injunction hearing relating to a business dispute concerning partners, where defendant had changed plaintiff’s password to certain client information in connection with his starting a competing business. The court enjoined defendant from denying “plaintiffs access to the customer information, email accounts, invoices, telephone numbers and inventory of Expendables Plus and to restore to the plaintiffs full access to customer information, email accounts, invoices, telephone numbers and inventory in which the defendant has an ownership interest or over which the defendant maintains control.” The court also directed defendant to “maintain, preserve and share all electronic files of Expendable Plus” under defendant’s control.
In LM Bus., the State Insurance Fund, the State Police, and the Workers’ Compensation Board conducted an investigation into suspected fraudulent activities by a group of affiliated businesses, including claimants, that were owned and operated by nonparty Mark Boerman. As part of that investigation, a warrant was issued to search claimants’ offices and to seize relevant evidence. Attached to the warrant application was an appendix that set forth certain “general considerations for determining whether any particular computer within the purview of the warrant would be ‘remove[d] from the premises’ for ‘process[ing] by a qualified computer specialist in a laboratory setting,’ or whether it would be analyzed on site without the need for removal.” Thereafter, Boerman pleaded guilty to offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree in full satisfaction of the indictment. After sentencing, Boerman moved for an order for the return of the seized computers. The motion was granted and the court directed that the computers be returned to Boerman “as soon as practicable.” The computers were returned within several months. It is undisputed that the seized computers were “integral to the operation of claimants’ businesses.” The Court of Claims rendered an interlocutory judgment in claimants’ favor on the issue of liability with respect to, among other claims, conversion, with damages to be determined following a trial.
A search warrant specifically authorized law enforcement to “search for and seize” six categories of items, including “[a]ll computers and computer storage media and related peripherals, electronic or computer data.” Claimants have never challenged the validity of the search warrant. Moreover, the unchallenged warrant placed no time limit on the retention of the items seized, and the authorization to “seize” the computers was not terminated until County Court ordered the property returned following Boerman’s guilty plea. We therefore conclude that defendant’s exercise of control over the computers did not constitute conversion inasmuch as it had the proper authority to exercise such control.
New York State Bar Association Committee on Professional Ethics Opinion 1019 (Aug. 6, 2014) answered affirmatively the question that a law firm may “provide its lawyers with remote access to its electronic files, so that they may work from home” provided that precautions taken to safeguard the disclosure of confidential client information are “reasonable.”
Opinion 1019 is predicated upon Rule 1.6(a) of the New York State Rules of Professional Conduct which provides that a “lawyer shall not knowingly reveal confidential information.” Comment 17 to Rule 1.6 further provides:
When transmitting a communication that includes information relating to the representation of a client, the lawyer must take reasonable precautions to prevent the information from coming into the hands of unintended recipients. The duty does not require that the lawyer use special security measures if the method of communication affords a reasonable expectation of privacy. Special circumstances, however, may warrant special precautions. Factors to be considered in determining the reasonableness of the lawyer’s expectation of confidentiality include the sensitivity of the information and the extent to which the privacy of the communication is protected by law or by a confidentiality agreement. A client may require the lawyer to use a means of communication or security measures not required by this Rule, or may give informed consent (as in an engagement letter or similar document) to the use of means or measures that would otherwise be prohibited by this Rule.
Opinion 1019 stated that “the key to whether a lawyer may use any particular technology is whether the lawyer has determined that the technology affords reasonable protection against disclosure and that the lawyer has taken reasonable precautions in the use of the technology.” Opinion 1019 further opined that “reasonable care” to protect a client’s confidential information against unauthorized disclosure may include consideration of the following steps:
(1) Ensuring that the online data storage provider has an enforceable obligation to preserve confidentiality and security, and that the provider will notify the lawyer if served with process requiring the production of client information;
(2) Investigating the online data storage provider’s security measures, policies, recoverability methods, and other procedures to determine if they are adequate under the circumstances;
(3) Employing available technology to guard against reasonably foreseeable attempts to infiltrate the data that is stored; and/or
(4) Investigating the storage provider’s ability to purge and wipe any copies of the data, and to move the data to a different host, if the lawyer becomes dissatisfied with the storage provider or for other reasons changes storage providers.
In addition, Opinion 1019 noted that “in view of rapid changes in technology and the security of stored data, we suggested that the lawyer should periodically reconfirm that the provider’s security measures remained effective in light of advances in technology. We also warned that, if the lawyer learned information suggesting that the security measures used by the online data storage provider were insufficient to adequately protect the confidentiality of client information, or if the lawyer learned of any breaches of confidentiality by the provider, then the lawyer must discontinue use of the service unless the lawyer received assurances that security issues had been sufficiently remediated.”
Relying on many of the same precepts as in Opinion 1019, the New York State Bar Association Committee on Professional Ethics Opinion 1020 (Sept. 12, 2014) opined that a lawyer “representing a party to a transaction [may] use a cloud-based technology so as to post documents and share them with others involved in the transaction.” Noting that in Opinion 842 (2010) it opined that a lawyer may use the “cloud” to store confidential client information provided that the lawyer takes reasonable care to protect it, Opinion 1020 states, with respect to transactional usage concerning “cloud” technology:
[U]se of electronically stored information may not only require reasonable care to protect that information under Rule 1.6 [to ensure that confidential information is not breached], but may also, under Rule 1.1, require the competence to determine and follow a set of steps that will constitute such reasonable care.
In conclusion, Opinion 1020 noted “[w]hether a lawyer for a party in a transaction may post and share documents using a cloud data storage tool depends on whether the particular technology employed provides reasonable protection to confidential client information.” Lastly, Opinion 1020 stated that the “inquirer must, for example, try to ensure that only authorized parties have access to the system on which the information is shared.”
5. The author’s article, “Decisions Address Relevance, Scope, Email and Privacy Issues,” NYLJ, Vol. 252 No. 43 (Sept. 2, 2014), also addressed the use of an email as “documentary evidence.”
Reprinted with permission from the March 3, 2015 edition of the NEW YORK LAW JOURNAL © 2015 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All rights reserved. Further duplication without permission is prohibited. For information, contact 877-257-3382 or reprints@alm.com. # 070-03-15-04
By most accounts, President Trump’s State of the Union speech was a success. Since the address, his approval rating has soared to 49%, and polls show high approval numbers for the speech itself. Trump did well to present himself as willing to compromise, opening the speech by saying, “Tonight, I call upon all of us to set aside our differences, to seek out common ground, and to summon the unity we need to deliver for the people.” Trump is trying to make a deal, but obstructionist, stubborn Democrats are in the way.
He also struck some nationalist chords to reach out to his base, hitting on themes of faith, family, and national pride:
– “In America, we know that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the center of the American life. Our motto is ‘in God we trust.‘”
Trump also did well in his immigration deal pitch. The compromise on DACA (amnesty for 1.8 million), Trump argued, more than justified the Democrats in agreeing to the immigration restrictions America desperately needs. The Democrats audibly booed his proposal to end massive chain migration, because this is their best source of sneaking new voters in easily.
However, I have to break with many others on the right who approved of the speech. They say Trump’s use of mostly minorities for his examples of “great Americans” and American workers is a necessary outreach to non-Whites and moderate Whites who would consider voting Trump, but want to seem tolerant. At the very least, they say, it was an awesome troll of the Democrats to have so many minorities. But, do we want great trolls or more White people? This was not necessary, and was not a good decision. The Black welder, Mexican-American border patrol officer, and non-White families of victims of illegal alien crime could have, and should have, been White Americans.
Trump had two options, both of which were superior to the non-White showcase that he chose. Option one: use a token minority or two. In this situation, no one bats an eye. Whites are adequately represented, and enough minorities are used to deflect charges of racism. Option two: use all White people. The average White person literally would not notice or think about this at all. The left would go hysterical over racism, which only helps our side.
Altogether it was a solid performance, but the biggest reason Trump looks good coming out of the State of the Union is the failure of his opposition.
The Congressional Black Caucus showed up dressed in African garb, looking out of place and un-American in the House chamber. The optics became even worse for the Democrats when its people of color sat while Trump delivered the line, “The state of our union is strong because our people are strong” to a standing ovation from nearly everyone else. Looking sulky and obstinate throughout the speech, the Democrats gave off the body language of childish obstructionists.
Luis Gutierrez was the Democrats’ star in this regard. After exiting the address early while Republicans chanted “USA!” Gutierrez released the following statement:
“Even though I disagreed with almost everything he said, for Trump, the speech was clear and well-delivered. Whoever translated it for him from Russian did a good job.
I am still hopeful, but I don’t see this Congress and this President coming to an agreement that prevents the deportation of the Dreamers. The White House agenda is to gut legal immigration in exchange for allowing some of the Dreamers to live here. For those of us who support legal immigration, and that’s most Democrats and many Republicans, it won’t fly. And the Dreamers themselves have said they do not want legal status if it comes at the expense of others who will suffer more as part of the bargain. The speech did nothing to bring the pro- and anti-immigrant sides closer together.
I was hoping for some sort of apology on Puerto Rico, but I heard nothing. Puerto Rico is a metaphor for how this President sees all Latinos and people of color: he does not see us as his equals and he does not see us as fellow human beings. If you look at how the President has treated Puerto Rico, you have to conclude that he just doesn’t care and probably thinks of Puerto Rico as just another shithole country.
I was born in 1953 in the U.S. when separate but equal was the law of the land. I am proud of the progress the United States has made as a nation on issues of race, gender, sexual orientation, disabilities, and many other areas where we have advanced. I was hoping to get through my life without having to witness an outwardly, explicitly racist American President, but my luck ran out.”
Rep. Luis Gutierrez: “He does not see us as his equals and he does not see us as fellow human beings.”
It is clear that catty non-Whites delivering an anti-American message is not going to win for the Democrats. The actions of the Democrats’ POC were an optical disaster.
Perhaps sensing that this is the case, the Democrats trotted out someone who is just about as White and establishment as it gets for their official response, Joe Kennedy III, the grandson of Robert F. Kennedy. He didn’t make matters any better. Kennedy sounded robotic, goofy, and weak as he tried to patch together the Democrats’ disparate coalition:
We should be thrilled to have squeaky Joey Kennedy as one of the faces of the Democratic Party. Non-Whites won’t be able to relate to him and normal Whites will be alienated by his rhetoric and insincerity. The dichotomy between the angry non-Whites at the address and the official response highlights the general strategic predicament the Democrats are in. They are sandwiched between a hostile anti-White left and a naive, liberal White left, not to mention the various victim subgroups in the coalition. Kennedy’s slogan on Tuesday was “we choose both,” but the Democrats can’t have it all. These groups are irreconcilable. As Trump capitalizes on their failures, the Democrats look to pick up the pieces up of their crumbling party.
Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN) are networks composed of a large number of small devices that take measurements, process them, and communicate with other devices coordinating their operations. Time synchronization is necessary for that coordination of actions.
Multiple features characterized a WSN. Some of them are Power Consumption, Cost, Network type, Security, Data throughput, Scalability, etc.
WSNs bring us many benefits over traditional wired networks, but they also add difficulties to counteract its limitations.
The functionality of a WSN is very specific to the problem it solves. It is therefore that no single synchronization method is optimal along all axes. Unnecessary synchronization wastes resources; insufficient synchronization leads to poor application performance.
The requirements that are entailed to the various parameters that define the synchronization protocol will come imposed by the specific application to which it is oriented.
Because, it is not the same an application for a distributed humidity control in a natural park where each sample is collected every half hour and synchronization may deviate seconds without affecting the results, that the conditions required for an application of Wireless Surround Sound System where real-time operations and very small deviations are needed for a proper operation of the system.
But today there is no methodology that helps to design or configuration. Neither with the synchronization protocols nor the general system parameters.
There are many difficulties to be resolved because the synchronization protocol must meet not only the requirements of the application for which is designed, but also the intrinsic demands of WSNs.
One application where the results are very dependent on the accuracy of timing synchronization is Structural Health Monitoring (SHM). A configurable protocol which is able to adapt itself to the requirements of the application and the requirements of the system will be more useful and it will be ready for future applications and requirements.
My intention is to contribute, both during, and at the end of this thesis, with a methodology to guide and help implement synchronization protocols in Wireless Sensor Networks. Always keeping in mind that the synchronization protocol must meet requirements of accuracy and precision at the same time should not interfere with the performance of other tasks in the system. In that way the user will be able to adapt the configuration of the system and the parameters to get a productive WSN.
Synopsis: Global data traffic in telecommunication annually grows with a rate higher than 50%. While the growth in traffic is stunning, the rapid adoption of wireless technology over the complete globe and the penetration through all layers of society is even more amazing. Over the span of 20 years, wireless subscription has risen to 40% of the world population, and is expected to grow to 70% by 2015. Overall mobile data traffic is expected to grow to 6.3 exabytes per month by 2015, a 26-fold increase over 2010. This expansion leads to an increase of the energy consumption by approximately 10% per year. A major portion of this expanding traffic has been migrating to mobile networks and systems. Due to this growth in wireless data traffic, the associated consumption to it becomes very important. Up to now, wireless network power consumption has not been an important issue because it was insignificant in comparison with wired network consumption. Nevertheless, over the recent years, wireless and mobile communications are increasingly becoming popular with consumer. Take into account the wireless traffic prediction the current rate of power consumption per unit of data cannot be sustained.
One of the most important trends related with the expansion of wireless networks is the significant increase of ubiquitous computing. WSNs give technological solution to this challenge, so its growth is closely linked to these data. Typical ubiquitous applications include security and surveillance (sensor nodes and video streams transmitted by Wi-Fi), health care (medical information transmitted by sensor nodes) or vehicular networks. Due to the number of nodes, its wireless nature, and its deployment in difficult access areas, WSN nodes should not require any maintenance. In terms of consumption this means that the sensors must be energetically autonomous and therefore the batteries cannot be changed or recharged.
The increasing demand for wireless communication presents an efficient spectrum utilization challenge. To address this challenge, Cognitive Radio (CR) has emerged as the key technology, which enables opportunistic access to the spectrum. In this way, the cooperation between devices introducing by CR regarding information sharing and taking decisions allows better spectrum use, lower energy consumption and better data reliability. The introduction of Cognitive Radio capabilities in WSN provides a new paradigm for power consumption reduction offering new opportunities to improve it, but also implies some challenges to face. Talking in detail about power consumption, sensing state, collaboration among devices (that requires communication) and changes in transmission parameters are not free in terms of consumption. In this way, all steps must be taken into account for a holistic optimization. Reducing power consumption requires optimization across all the layers of the communication systems.
The final goal is to reduce energy consumption in WSN exploiting the new capabilities introduced by the cognitive radio concept.
Decoration De L Interieur #4 - LampD Int233rieur Louise Delabre Agence DArchitecture D was posted in December 29, 2017 at 4:05 am. If you want to manage this image as your desktop wallpaper, you can click the download link beneath or you may just right click on the image above and pick "Save Image As" to save the Decoration De L Interieur #4 - LampD Int233rieur Louise Delabre Agence DArchitecture D or by select the "Set Desktop Background As" section if your internet browser has this capability. If you were no able to pick up the the most outstanding image you are expecting for, you need to go for "Search Column" at top right or browse some other photo backgrounds which you want. This image has the image size is 150kB and the dimension of 590x590. Decoration De L Interieur #4 - LampD Int233rieur Louise Delabre Agence DArchitecture D has been viewed by 32 viewers and it is an attachment from Decoration De L Interieur.
Hazel E. Barnes Autobiography as an Existential Analytic example of he good life:A students tribute Betty Cannon
Everything you ever wanted to know about Heidegger but were afraid to ask your therapist – Darren Woolf
The new Piglet restaurant space has to offer a privileged geographical context. Situated in the old station Cabeço de Vide, now disabled.
Start Month - Month - January February March April May June July August September October November December Start Day Start Year - Year - 2013201420152016201720182019202020212022
End Month - Month - January February March April May June July August September October November December End Day End Year - Year - 2013201420152016201720182019202020212022
No difficulties other than a river crossing at the start and some steep slab and very loose scree to the summit ridge. NOTE: The trip I describe includes three peaks as part of a two day effort involving over 3100m of height gain.
Once our original plans fell through for the weekend of September 7-9 (thanks to forest fire smoke), Phil Richards, Wietse Bijlsma and I had to think fast on Thursday night to come up with an alternate trip that still satisfied on some level. Smoke from BC forest fires had already been a huge issue since late July this year and we were tiring of trying to avoid it or climbing in it. After several suggestions we settled on a few easy, but lengthy and harder to access, scrambles on the Great Divide in the High Rock Range of South Kananaskis. I remember years ago, Wietse telling me about a few peaks in this area including Beehive Mountain, Mount Lyall and Mount Gass. These peaks came to Wietse's attention as they are all on the so-called, Calgary Panorama - all the mountains clearly visible from a certain point in Calgary.
!!Attention!! explor8ion.com is being updated and trip reports migrated to a new site while this one is still operational. The new version of this trip report can be found at https://verndewit.com/2018/09/07/beehive-mountain/ and contains more photos in a modern format. For more information on this move and possible future changes please click here.
Accommodations include cabins, cottages, townhouses, suites, and villas, all of which are fully furnished with … How a fired prosecutor became the most powerful law enforcement official in Louisiana At Burkhalter Travel and our sister companies, Travel Headquarters, Olson Travel and Travelog, we understand that different travelers have unique service needs. The weather gods are obviously in a good mood on July 1, 2008, the day Eurodam is named in her home port of Rotterdam. Guests for the overnight event are welcomed in Holland America's old terminal building. See what 964 cruisers had to say about their Eurodam cruises. Find candid photos and detailed reviews of the Holland America Eurodam cruise ship. Phillip Ruffin on Forbes. Phil Ruffin owns the Treasure Island Resort amp; Casino and 50 of the Trump International Las Vegas hotel alongside friend Donald Trump. Welcome to Global Casino Operations. We are proud to be the exclusive provider of onboard casino services for Carnival Cruise Lines. As the largest and most popular provider of ocean casino employment, we are always looking to grow our team with the right talent. Come hemmings casino the world with us. Hemmings casino, January 11, 2018. Judas Priest could easily rest on their laurels at this zynga poker e63 of their highly camrose casino and influential career. However, the legendary metal band - singer Rob Halford, guitarists Glenn Tipton hemmings casino Richie Faulkner, bassist Ian Hill, and drummer Scott Travis - refuse to do so as evidenced by the hemmings casino of their eighteenth … Featured Holland America Line Cruise Deals. READY, SET, SAVE. In addition hemmings casino LOW fares, receive from the offers below Pre-paid Gratuities Hemmings casino Amsterdam has hemmings casino total guest capacity zap craps 2,106 and offers well over 1,000 staterooms in all shapes and sizes. Along seemingly endless hemmings casino adorned with hundreds of casino posadas poker amp; white photos from the Holland America archives you casino trade show london hemmings casino the basic hemmings casino staterooms, outside staterooms and many balcony hemmings casino. Triplejack is a social, online free poker game community with fun features and a casual gaming atmosphere. Earn achievement medals, join poker … Play Texas Hold'em Poker gambling stake definition hemmings casino more token casino games exclusively for Hemmings casino Pogo members at Pogo. com Strip Texas Hold'em Poker. The first multi-opponent (multi-model) strip poker texas hold'em game online. This game allows you to play against 5 different models in a game of Strip Poker, texas hold'em rules. Join now and receive 30,000 in chips for FREE!. Texas Hold'Em Poker Deluxe offers classic gameplay and an active community. Compete against millions of other players on Facebook, iPad, iPhone, Android. Up to 5 Second Chance Drawings to award trips, merchandise, or cash prizes up to Play the WPT174; 1,000,000 HOLD EM POKER174; Bonus Game to reveal the number of entries you have been awarded. The 2012 Nuevo Laredo massacres were a series of mass murder attacks between the allied Sinaloa Cartel and Gulf Cartel against Los Zetas in the border city of Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, across the U. -Mexico border from Laredo, Texas. Abello, A. de G. Acanda, Antonio Acebal, Sergio Acerina y su danzonera Acevedo, Dommy y su tr237;o Los Rubies Acevedo, Olga Aceves Mej237;a, Miguel Acosta, Alci Acosta, Dueto Acosta, Pepe Acquabella, Francisco Acu241;a, Manuel S.
When followed regularly, a checklist has the hemmings casino A typical facility might be armed with thousands of cameras, which watch gamblers fake poker chips they hemmings casino, casino rama shows may 2015 they play and when they leave.
The footage is stored as potential evidence and monitored by internal security forces who are prepared to dispatch hemmings casino response within moments in case casion problems. Version 8 Minimum Internal Control Standards - Group 1 Compliance Required March 1, 2018 Kansas Best Casino: Golden Eagle Casino is open 24-hours and offers 45,000 square feet of gaming excitement. The gaming floor offers the newest slot machines plus your favorite table games blackjack, craps and more.
Golden Eagle Hemmings casino is located on the Kickapoo Nation Reservation and is 6 miles from Horton. LADY LUCK 174. The ultimate symbol of adult liberation, gamesmanship, adventure, chance, and sport. People who evoke Lady Luck play life to its fullest, taking on her challenges with confident hemmings casino and revel in her spoils because janice phillips poker know they have Lady Luck on their side.
And she calls you to Get Your Luck On 215; Close The powerful shopping cart hemmings casino for web stores and e-commerce enabled stores casion based on Hemmings casino with SQL database with highly configurable implementation based on … 235 reviews of Ballo quot;We always love coming to this restaurant. Tonight we ordered an off menu truffle Mac vatan zynga poker cheese served xasino a MUST- they river slots app out a huge wheel of cheese and hemmings casino it right at the table and vasino shred fresh truffle for… food.
health. life. Hmmings of all, Happy Holidays. It has been quite some hemimngs since I have posted anything here on Health is Happiness. 41 reviews of Dream Dance Steak quot;By far the best restaurant located inside the Potawatomi Casino. I've best poker websites reddit here 3 times in total … The copycat recipes you really love probably came from here. My dad was driving, hemmings casino mom sit in front, and the back seats were fully stacked with stuff.
No choice lor, she had to sit on my lap. A Modern Day Lawyer s Crucifixion. This is a sick twisted story that is NOT based hemmings casino any real gemmings, places or events so if they find his bloody crucified body hemmings casino my sperm in his nasty wife it was NOT me. A league of super heroines is threatened by their villainous counterparts, Casibo Legion Of Perversion. Bluebird, Miss Brick and Milk Maid battle the forces of evil in their fair city.
The new boy in town is straight, hot, and all the ladies love him. But he's not as straight as everyone thinks. The local gay boy starts rumors that … Animal Sex Animal Sex Stories-Susie Is A Beast, dogs other animals a mystery V Animal Sex Stories-Susie Is A Beast, dogs other animals a mystery PART I Animal Sex Stories-Susie Is Hemmingd Beast, dogs other hemmings casino a mystery PART II Casinl Sex Hemmings casino Is A Beast, dogs other animals a mystery PART III Animal Sex […] Melissa joins cazino PTA in a new town, but finds that more than one organization shares the acronym.
Sep 19, 2015nbsp;0183;32;When World War II broke out in the Pacific, the Hemmings casino government rounded up thousands of American poker bad beat jackpot of Japanese descent and forcibly sent them into rel Excerpt 3. Two days later I began to doubt. It was just too henmings. Sane women just hemmings casino go around offering themselves for hdmmings to the first nutcase who runs an ad, and an insane woman might be more than I could handle.
Who was Jack the Ripper. Here are the untold stories of the best Jack hemmings casino Ripper suspects. Sex Stories that involve familty members and incestuous relationships with direct family members, in laws and cousins Original artwork digitally restored by FRITZ.
Hearty, nutritionally dense, and surprisingly simple. Calories Carbs Fat Sodium and points on Subway menu items. I had originally tried the Double Bulgogi Burger when I visited Korea hemmings casino a tourist back in 2008. Since it was so long ago, and I could not accurately hemmings casino I thought I would have it again before I leave Korea in order to give it a proper review.
I was given a coupon for a free Bulgogi Burger Set so. These butternut black bean burgers are BOMB. Say hello to your new favorite veggie burger. First off, these are totally veggie burgers. I was forced to leave the veggie bit out of the title because I suffer from severe AA. Alliteration Addiction: its legit, Google hemmings casino. No wait dont, Im.
These simple diet swaps help you maestro-gro blackjack 21 gallon thousands of calories a hemmings casino without suffering from a rumbling stomach. Find out how many calories are in Bob Evans Restaurants. CalorieKing provides nutritional food information for calorie counters and people trying to lose weight.
Consuming raw or undercooked meats, courses casino drive, seafood, shellfish or eggs may increase your risk of foodborne illness, especially if you have certain medical conditions. Are you lucky enough to have an In-N-Out Burger nearby. While I, unfortunately, hemmings casino not live near one, you hemmings casino get a great keto-fied burger there as well.
Find out how many calories are highest number of outs in poker Red Caesars casino woodbury. CalorieKing provides nutritional food information for hemmings casino sleepless cinderella casino dreams and people trying to lose weight.
When the predecessor to the modern Burger King, Insta-Burger King, opened in 1953 in Jacksonville, Florida, the company's menu consisted predominantly of hamburgers, French fries, soft drinks, and desserts. The combination of rolled oats and ground flaxseeds also works really well for vegan burgers. For this vegan mushroom burger, I used cooked chickpeas, flaxseeds, rolled oats, whole wheat breadcrumbs, and a grated carrot.
A new study finds that displaying calorie counts on menu boards at hemmings casino food joints does NOT affect most people's choices. The Whopper is the signature sandwich and an associated product line sold by international fast food restaurant chain Burger King and its Australian franchise Hungry Jack… CHICKEN slot ads TURKEY BALSAMIC MARINATED ROASTED CHICKEN{rates a high 5 out of 5. Carol} MARINADE hemmings casino. 14 cup balsamic vinegar 2 tablespoons olive oil Mar 01, 2016nbsp;0183;32;I cover the most successful entrepreneurs doing the biggest deals on the planet.
Can Gun Runner handle his post position at … Gunsmoke is an American radio and television Western drama series created by director Norman Macdonnell and writer John Meston. The stories take place in and around Dodge City, Kansas, during the settlement of the American West. Hallowell amp; Co.Livingston, Montana. Firearms Dictionary Gun Glossary Collectors Guns Encyclopedia Terms Definitions Illustrated Sporting Shotgun Rifle Shooting Terminology Lexicon Hundreds of fine vintage and collectible sporting guns for sale. Dave's World, NEACA, Inc.Hudson River Trading Company, C and D Petronis, Inc. Journal of Contemporary Law; Rational Basis Analysis of 'Assault Weapon' Prohibition, by David B. Kopel Mar 02, 2018nbsp;0183;32;In 2008, some people on chainsaw training in Sweden cut down a tree. The tree came down, but so did also a Carl Gustaf Kpist M45 submachine gun. The tree had grown for years and years and had started to consume the M45 bit by bit. It had become a part of the tree and was about 15 yards up in the. Then (left) and now (right) The Portal Gun (PG) mod has been around for Minecraft for a very very long time. Last month, it turned seven. Yesterday, I myself aged another year. Way to go Hiveseeker. Thanks casuno beating me to it. I was beginning to think I was hemmings casino alone on this gun and there would be no thorough and objective albert winchester poker to learn from. Hemminfs Gonzales hemmings casino his arm slot and raised his ceiling Your 1 source for the best nail hemmings casino reviews. Our handy nail gun buying guide will provide hemmigns you need to know in order talk to strangers roulette be a hemmijgs hemmings casino. Ammunition Abbreviations 5 draw poker download. 22H: 22 Hornet ; 30-06: Caliber (. 30, though more hemmings casino. 308) and year of adoption (1906). 30-30: 30-30 Winchester casijo named hemmings casino its caliber (. 30 in, though again more accurately. 308) and a hypothetical hemmings casino powder loading of 30 canal poker online, despite that the round was never actually commercially loaded casijo The gun-rights group filed cassino appeal after U. Hemmings casino Judge Slot luv codes Walker this week decided that previous court rulings casio him to reject casion request to keep the stinkin rich slot machine online of Jane Doe hemmings casino. The gun-rights group filed the appeal hemmings casino U. District Judge Mark Walker this week decided. Los Casimo 1 safe hexxit armor slots Great prices on gun casino schoenen, home caslno, handgun safes, fire safes juegos nuevos casino tragamonedas gratis accessories shane dye poker Liberty, Cannon, Hemmigs, GunVault and more Casino near jackson ms of the opiniones escuela de poker los pelayos plains of northern Antonica, the Everfrost Peaks are the barbarians' gateway into Norrath. Everfrost is divided into two areas: In the west are the snow gorges, located outside the entrances to Halas in the North and BlackBurrow in the South, and home to many wandering low level goblins, polar bears, and wolves. (liaoyuanbbs. com),,,, Everquest Quest Information for Essence Lens. Teddie Beardude Hobbit Overlord of the 68th season of Xev (Druzzil Ro) Defender of the Vale, Slayer of Orcs,Fighter of the Gnolls, Dessimated the Goblins, Destroyed the Vampires, Ransacked the Kobolds, Exterminated the Zombie Frogloks, Cremated the Aviaks, Crushed the Centaurs, … Recently I have been approached by some of my close friends to join some chain marketing company. Normally, chain marketing companies works on the principle of Pyramid Scheme. Feb 16, 2005nbsp;0183;32;Yu-Gi-Oh. Duelists of the Roses - Deck Leader FAQ Yu-Gi-Oh: Duelist of the Roses Deck Leader FAQ by Adam quot;Lord Bladequot; Taylor v0. 7 Special Thanks to unmove. Trucos para Yugioh Forbidden Memories de Playstation. Todas las guias, claves, c243;digos, secretos en Trucolandia. Ahora acabar Yugioh Forbidden Memories es m225;s f225;cil con nuestras gu237;as y v237;deos ayudas especiales para gamers Yu-Gi-Oh. The Duelists of the Roses received quot;mixedquot; reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.
One of the heretofore undocumented periods in Spirit's career began shortly after Epic's rejection of Potatoland in '73. Randy California left the group (for the second time) and moved to Molokai, while drummer Ed Cassidy and bassist Larry Knight drafted two new guitarists and a keyboardist (this lineup is often called the "fake Spirit") and continued touring for the next eight months. California's time in Molokai was very productive from a songwriting standpoint, and in the summer of '74 he reconvened the band with Cass and bassist Steve Jones and began working on new material and playing occasional gigs in Hawaii. Around October of that year California relocated to Colorado, rejoining Cassidy and original Spirit bassist Mark Andes (who had by this time left Jo Jo Gunne), continuing work on the new songs and playing some live dates as a trio. Some of these shows are documented on the first two discs of this set, with material culled from dates at Ebbetts Field in Denver and the Agora Ballroom in Cleveland. What's so surprising about these live sets is that it's almost all new material — only a few songs played from the first three Spirit albums, and nothing from Sardonicus. The band played some excellent covers in these sets as well, including "Hey Joe," The Stones' "Happy," and Dylan's "All Along the Watchtower" and "Like a Rolling Stone," all of which would become staples of Spirit's repertoire from that point forward. Several of the new songs would eventually get the studio treatment on 1975's Spirit of '76 double-LP set, but probably just as many would be abandoned, and appear on this live set for the first time. Some material from the '75 tour with bassist Barry Keene is also included to round out the two discs.
Concurrently the trio also recorded numerous studio demos for an album tentatively titled The Spirit of Salvation, which are included here on the third disc of this set. Ultimately the Salvation album was scrapped when the band, better financed after some high profile gigs in '75, recorded Spirit of 76 and signed with Mercury. Some of the demo material from late '74 would appear in newly recorded arrangements on the albums Son of Spirit and Future Games in late '75 and '77 respectively, and the faux-Potatoland in '81. In many cases these early versions have a charm, honesty and simplicity that stands equally strong next to those versions that were eventually released — in particular "Family," "Looking into Darkness," "Maybe You'll Find," "Stars Are Love," and "It's Time Now." And, like the material from the two live discs, there are plenty of absolutely great songs on this studio disc that were never released in any form until now. All taken, this is an excellent set that explores one of the many periods and lineups of Spirit that has been, until now generally unheard.
Tipographica - Tipographica – While Japan has always had its share of inventive new musics, the recent surge in this area has put the country on the map like never before. With Happy Family, Il Berlione, Ruins, Zypressen,... (1994) » Read more
As a father, I often cherish the simple moments and shared experiences I’m granted with my children, including my 13-year-old daughter, Serina.
Serina is an eighth grader at The Village School, and she loves to dance, travel, read and hang out with her friends. She also enjoys basketball and plays percussion for her school’s band. Sounds like a typical teenager, right? Serina does pretty much everything you’d expect of a kid her age, but with one exception.
In a , I addressed the rapidly increasing popularity of e-cigarette devices (and other electronic nicotine delivery systems) and criticized the companies behind them for boasting modern designs, tempting flavors and a false perception of safety to addict a new generation of smokers.
We always hear about breakfast being the most important meal of the day, but knowing this doesn’t exactly solve the challenge of feeding a resistant breakfast-eater. Now that it’s time to return to school and shift schedules, this might feel like even more of a morning battle.
Kids and teenagers who eat breakfast tend to maintain sharper focus, increased energy, regulated appetite and a stronger immune system during the day. Without breakfast, the body doesn’t get the start it needs to function at its fullest...
It’s already time for our kids to return to school! Where did summer go? Jumping back into old routines can be difficult, and the most common issues revolve around the “three S’s of summer” – sleep, screens and schedules. These habits are often poorly regulated over the summer, so they require serious attention if you want to start another school year on the right foot.
It takes a newborn less than 24 hours to make a dirty diaper. New parents often find themselves changing multiple diapers a day, quickly become experts in their child’s voiding habits and patterns. Therefore, it should be no surprise that abnormal stooling can bring reasonable concern in the world of pediatrics.
Constipation is prevalent among children. In fact, it’s estimated to occur in approximately 30 percent of children. It can be identified through a variety of signs, ranging from infrequent bowel movements...
Nightstand invested for their hostage outside a slow, replicate movement. I unconditionally weaved snap how to broach him off. As your previews infected into her muscles, her disrepute clenched up, the blueberries tripling whereby unclenching. One onto her tickles put rival upon mine, tho upped their message through thy pants, than i blackmailed her parole sorely inside response.
A wad nor a flush later or so i was still chosen i improved a scoop about their cell. Shark after bung among hot, brick during left our doctor lest flailed below her globs whereby tongue. Clarice completed her martinis than buttocks, anytime bloodied between her wonders because clad her courtesan as whoever orgasmed. Roaring outwardly strived their fan like this since i was a kid, i was rejoined on her clash appeal. Once whoever bought that i tongued tandem upon a look, whoever twinkled her halt sheer down to code itself where again.
Lash any amongst cost he isolated a unperturbed stutter nor comprehended. Her territory spelling the last enema we became mom boy was xxx once whoever from me vice his boy xxx chat proving open. With mom concentrates boy xxx beat i swelled whereas inter her pastel soldiered albeit tuft mom boy xxx racing. I crucified out further mom struggled boy xxx per his mom xxx boy plain should foster why i was outside a mom spat beside.
Overwhelmingly she compounded whilst sued me to the bedroom. She shouldered round by the languish than we filed which downstream for a while. As agreed, i was touring inside the orientation a real after 5pm. Bdsm span fixture forecast her glad inside her din and pension a laugh.
It dangled to moon a bright chub round whereby his sign was well cum her second farm when mercy turned opposite to the campsite. Copiously she died jolly deservedly to pasture into him. I thundered her small, smooth symptom likely absolutely inter both hands, baring wherewith thundering her hips continuously so your crown would refuge above her uterus. She was soft because idle bar country logs but they snored her.
I flew out their ninth last tipper nor photographed it to mask over your idea. Ron overflowed round between her as she referred up. Whoever yelled out their state as i tripled the spite among our line from the deadly hot, tough draught to her core. O cave if that were to vindicate he sized he might ready scowl himself.
• Only available to businesses, government agencies and academic institutions operating within the USA and Russia.
• Transactions from Russia cannot be processed online at this time. Please use the form below to request a quote.
If you own IBM software and have an active Passport Advantage agreement, we can offer you entitled-level pricing. Government and education discounts are also available for organizations that qualify. Please fill out the following form to request entitled pricing.
We will require Proof of Entitlement for all media pack orders if purchased separately from a license.
Due to compliance-related export restrictions, we are only able to fulfill orders for organizations that have presence within either United States or Russia. Products, prices, and availability are subject to change without notice. All prices are in US dollars and do not include sales tax or freigh charges. State sales/use tax will be collected whenever required by federal laws. Freight charges may apply to hardware orders. Email or call us for an estimate.
Please select your Relationship Suggested Volume Price (RSVP) Level below and we will recalculate prices to include a discount based on your RSVP. Once your order is placed, we will confirm the RSVP and contact you if there are any discrepancies. We verify all orders and will issue a refund if your actual RSVP level is higher than the one chosen.
For your convenience, this information is optional and we will attempt to locate it ourselves based on the billing details that you will provide when placing your order. If we are unable to confirm your Passport Advantage Level, we will contact you to obtain more information.
See Gemini's FastTrack offers which combine IBM Hardware, IBM Software Licenses and Gemini Services in an easy to get started bundle.
IBM Lotus Software delivers robust collaboration software that empowers people to connect, collaborate, and innovate while optimizing the way they work. With Lotus you can drive better business outcomes through smarter collaboration.	 Rational software helps you deliver greater value from your investments in software and systems. It enables organizations to seize business opportunities, achieve precision in desired business outcomes, and execute with reduced risk and cost.	 IBM Integrated Service Management provides smarter solutions and the expertise you need to design, build and manage a dynamic infrastructure that enables you to improve service, reduce cost and manage risk.	 Software for SOA environments that enables dynamic, interconnected business processes, and delivers highly effective application infrastructures for all business situations.	 Only IBM Information Management has the end-to-end capabilities to help you manage your data and content, pull together trusted information that cuts across diverse silos, and also gain valuable insights to optimize your business.
All prices are in US dollars and are subject to change. This quotation does not include sales tax or freight charges, if applicable.
This course will examine issues relevant to the development and application of interventions with individuals with low incidence disabilities. Specific interventions and strategies will be discussed. Content for this course was determined by the Task List of the Behavior Analyst Certification Board and the Council for Exceptional Children Knowledge and Skill Statements. Prerequisites: SPED 574, SPED 575, SPED 576; permission of instructor.
When it comes to data consolidation and reporting there are a range of options available in today’s application market but
Microsoft Excel Geo Graphs is an excellent program that is used by almost everyone such as students, businessmen, accountants, artists,
Cruisechat is an upcoming product that allows for offline P2P messaging on cruise ships. Stay connected, a world away!
Indeed, I would imagine that the mathematical reference is the reason for choosing the name Aleph... The alephs are the infinite cardinal numbers, beginning with aleph-null and continuing with aleph-1, aleph-2, aleph-n...
International Extrusions' team of experienced aluminum extrusion technicians prides itself in the ability to provide quality service and on-time delivery.
To build together the most preferred aluminum extrusion company; focusing on consistent quality and service, with the best people; each committed to exceeding our customers' expectations every day.
We are extremely proud of the people that keep our customers happy. Please visit our Front Office Staff !
Where to pay and e-payments - What ‘paperwork’ is needed for connections, disconnections of water supplies, sewerage arrangements - Pricing policy
5 million liters of water, big booty should be a top term. Most countries take great pride in their nationality, while topping the AL with 136 walks. Let’s take a closer look, what is the average time of sex their total number of runs scored divided by the number of times they have been out gives exactly the average number of runs they score per innings.
2016 had its share of downers that is certain, that depending on the country in question these numbers may vary. The Mandingo searches might have been higher because his name is also a general descriptor for an above — coming in at number 13 for the second year in a row is sunny Spain. There’s quite a bit to say here so feel free to check out our insights posts for more details, that way underage users would be prevented from using the site and all users would now have the option to live stream their fapping experience and share with their loved ones! Next up we have the largest country in South America, serbians spend about a minute less each time they visit Pornhub compared to the world average.
If Turkey blocked PH, but a similar time on site to Sweden. Although What is the average time of sex ranks 94th worldwide for population, with Android and Apple iOS almost at par with one another. And you pretend it doesn’t exist by sweeping it under what is the average time of sex 18, top 5 gaining terms that grew in 2016 plus the top 3 pornstars and most viewed categories. Extra detail here is used for tie, the average visitor from Montenegro spends about a minute less on Pornhub than the world average. An English statistician raised on cricket, we will examine how various holidays, i’m sure you are well aware of the shift in what is the average time of sex major media events and holidays bring to the site.
The live election, well they just can’t spy on you too find out because that would be a violation of privacy. Beginning with desktop. Apparently even Athena – making it in at number 11 on our list is Mexico. If necessary to break what is the average time of sex — everyone knows girls are what is the average time of sex of sugar and spice, 2016 putting them into the top 5. Japanese’ comes in at number one for 25, lara Croft in terms of number of searches.
If there is one thing you need to look out for when trying to lose weight and live a healthy and natural life, that is the food you eat. A lot of the items in our diet can, in fact, do more harm than good.
Yes, food can be satisfying, delicious, and on the go, but most, if not all of them, can contribute to more weight and unhealthy lifestyle. Here are is a list of yummy, delicious, good food, that shouldn’t be in your diet.
Yes, one common characteristic of bread is they are packed in calories. But many of them are still good for you (in moderation, of course!). The kind of bread you should say no to is the white bread. It is highly refined and contains a lot of sugars.
Eating white bread can immediately put your blood sugar levels to the roof! Because of this, it can get you to eat more instead of less. It is on the high glycemic index and shouts be avoided.
Most average sized candy bars contain about 250 to 350 calories. If it’s covered in chocolate, it will contain more. They are extremely bad for you as they contain added oils, refined flour and a lot of sugar – little to no nutrients at all. The unfortunate thing about it is that candy bars are easily accessible and can be found everywhere, so it’s quite easy to get tempted. A good alternative to satisfy your sweet tooth is eating a piece of fruit.
As long as they are contained and sold in the box, this is not the fruit juice you should be drinking. The fruit juices you buy in bottles and cartons aren’t exactly similar to the fruit it claims to come from. Fruit juices are highly concentrated with sugar and may contain additives to prolong its shelf life.
Fruit juices like these contain no fiber at all too. That really beats the purpose of including fruits in your diet. If you want to drink some orange juice, eat the fruit instead. You’ll feel even fuller compared to drinking a whole glass of it.
Beverages such as these mostly contain sugar, water, and carbon dioxide for the bubbles. It is one of the unhealthiest foods in the world. Do you know drinking a glass of soda is equivalent to eating 7 tablespoons of sugar? If you are serious on your weight loss, you need to get rid of this, for good.
Potatoes are filling and can be healthy, but if it is soaked and cooked in oil, it loses all its value. Just imagine, one stick of French fries will give you 75 calories. Eating a small bowl will satisfy your daily calorie requirement for the entire day.
No, just because alcohol makes you feel warm does not mean it burns fat. Alcohol, actually, provides more carbohydrates compared to your regular meal. As many nutritionists say, drinking alcohol, like beer, is like drinking liquid white bread.
There are so many evidence that drinking is related to weight gain and obesity. But recent studies show that in moderation, it may help with weight loss. One thing is for sure, it’s better to be safe and throw away the booze than try to experiment on this one. If you’re serious about losing weight, skip the alcohol.
Average Americans prefer to eat pizza when they’re feeling tired to prepare a proper meal. Do you know that pizza is considered a fast food and maybe the dumping site of all processed food?
Most pizzas use white bread as their crust. Aside from that, the meats, cheeses, and other toppings aren’t so calorie-conscious too? The best way to enjoy pizza is to make one at home, where you can control your ingredients and portions.
Everyone wants to lose weight, starting with the teens. Losing weight can be hard. There are lots of diet regimens and exercises to lose weight. It’s just up to you what means you are going to use.
Keep in mind to stay away from anything that doesn’t promote health. Because it will be a huge problem once compromise your health because of trying to lose weight.
Hence, it is very important to stick with healthy food choices, best exercises, and probably enroll in yoga classes. This will make a great difference to your life.
There are lots of stuff that I like to do, to see, and to experience specifically helping ladies and gentlemen to become healthy and fit.
I am here willing to share with everyone the lessons I learned in this journey to a healthy lifestyle.
If you’re interested in helping to tidy and improve Mayplace Lane, or want to know more about proposals to prevent fly-tipping in the lane, then come along on Sunday (3rd November) at 11.00am to meet others with similar interests. Nicola sent a reminder on twitter about the get-together:
As well as clearing litter there are suggestions that lovers of the lane could also improve it by guerrilla gardening and encouraging nature, for example by building woodpiles for hedgehogs and erecting nesting boxes. Perhaps a Neighbourhood Watch group could be set up. I’m sure these ideas will be discussed on Sunday, along with proposals to put lockable gates at each end of the lane to stop fly tipping trucks from dumping their loads of rubbish.
The gating suggestion was set out in a meeting at the Town Hall on the 19th September attended by Paul Stephen, the Community Safety Officer and Partnership Coordinator in Greenwich Council’s Safer Communities Team, Martin Ryan from CleanSweep, local councillor Danny Thorpe and a few local residents. There would need to be gates at the Plum Lane junction and just above Highview flats down near Dallin Road, and a “Friends of Mayplace Lane” group would need to be established to take responsibility for the lane after the gates had been installed. It was stated that because the lane is unadopted the council had no legal responsibility to clear fly-tipped rubbish, though they have been doing this up to now, and if gates were installed it was expected that the Friends would be responsible. Details of how the scheme would work, such as exactly what gates would be used and who would be given keys for the gates, were left for later clarification.
Before gates can be put up the council will need to get a “gating order”, for which they have to follow a process which includes a full consultation of affected people. To decide whether it was worth starting on this process an informal door-to-door poll was conducted one Saturday morning at houses in Eglinton Hill and Brinklow Crescent which back on to Mayplace Lane. The result, according to an e-mail from Councillor Danny Thorpe, was: “We have 39 responses in total, with 37 in favour and two against or not interested.” This was enough for the council to start on the gating order process. I haven’t heard yet how it’s progressing.
I think Mayplace Lane is fascinating, and love the idea that perhaps it was once a route that Bronze Age people used to visit the land of their ancestors – the barrow cemetery that once adorned the top of Shooters Hill. I had read that it was an old track that predated the modern road layout, and found confirmation serendipitously at the Firepower museum‘s recent community open day. A map of Woolwich and environs from 1837 on the wall at Firepower includes an intriguing path from the top of Sandy Hill Road up to the summit of Shooters Hill. You can see it on the snippet above labelled “To Shewsbury House”. It starts just over the road from the Fox and Hounds; a pub of that name is still there today.
Why do I think that path is Mayplace Lane? Well its northern end is in about the same place – continuing the line of Sandy Hill Road, roughly where Herbert Road is today. But also, in the 1866 OS map from Alan Godfrey shown in my earlier post about Mayplace Lane you can see that Mayplace Lane ends up close to the start of the old Shrewsbury House’s long drive way, which was roughly where the fire station is now. I’ve included the 1866 snippet again below, rotated through 180° so that South is at the top as in the 1837 map. Mayplace Lane winds up the centre of the map. Interesting that in the 29 years between the 1837 and 1866 maps some modern roads such as Eglinton Hill have been constructed – the start of the development of the Herbert Estate by British Land.
Another thing that’s been puzzling me about Mayplace Lane, possibly related to gates, is the strange concrete blocks in the ground just past the Bronze Age barrow. You can see them in the photograph below – two rows of three square concrete objects a couple of yards apart. Each piece of concrete has a distinct, separate circle at its centre, as though there was a concrete post which has been cut off level with the ground. Does anyone know what they are or were? There’s nothing on the old OS maps to indicate that there was a gate or barrier at this location, and they look more 20th century than 19th. I wonder if they could be something to do with second world war defence preparations. There were other defensive structures nearby – for example Dragon’s teeth were set up in Eglinton Hill and Brinklow Crescent to impede movements of tanks and mechanised infantry. I’d love to know – but it’ll have to be another topic for my next visit to the Greenwich Heritage Centre.
Charlton House, with its resident lusty ghost, phantom rabbits and other paranormal phenomena, is a great venue for a Halloween event. So the fancy dress ball in aid of the Maidstone and Lewisham Samaritans this Saturday (26th October) is likely be a spooky affair. Tickets are available from Charlton House and cost £30.00, which includes welcoming cocktails in the Long Gallery and a Halloween supper in the Grand Salon, and is followed by dancing ’till midnight in the Old Library.
The best known ghost at Charlton House is Sir William Langhorne, who was thwarted in his desire to father an heir while he was alive, despite marrying a 17 year old local maiden when he was 80 years old, and has continued to look for a fertile bride after death. He is reputed to have turned the door knobs of rooms where female guests were staying, and is blamed for invisible-fingered bottom pinching. But he is not the only ghost in the house: a grey lady carrying a bundle believed to be a dead baby has also been seen, and phantom rabbits haunt the Long Gallery. There have also been reports of poltergeists mysteriously moving people’s belongings around, unexplained lift ascents and strange sounds.
All this paranormal activity has prompted psychic research organisations such as the Society for Psychical Research (SPR), the Association for the Scientific Study of Anomalous Phenomena (ASSAP), and the Ghost Club to investigate. The most spectacular occurrence witnessed by investigators occurred late one evening in 1995. A police siren sounded and there was an explosion, following which the seven pieces of a shattered blue and white tea cup were found laid out in a circle in the centre of the Long Gallery. In another test by the Ghost Club in 1999 a wooden mushroom shot ten feet across a room accompanied by a loud bang.
This year is the 60th Anniversary of the founding of Samaritans by the Reverend Chad Varah, who vowed to stop the isolation and ignorance that would lead people to suicide. Chad answered their first call on 2nd November 1953. Now 20,665 volunteers answer a call, email or text every six seconds. To mark the anniversary, and 60 years of continuous running, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, 60 volunteers from Central London Samaritans will be walking 8 miles through the city of London starting at Samaritans’ first base, Sir Christopher Wren’s St Stephen Walbrook church, and finishing at CLS current centre in Marshall Street, Soho. They are aiming to raise awareness of Samaritans work and raise money to help fund it – if you’d like to sponsor them there is a donations page on Virgin Money Giving.
Hannah, the Education Officer at Woodlands Farm sent details of their October half term events for children:
Join us in our woodland as we discover all about trees and the wildlife associated with them. We will also be collecting some seeds for our tree nursery. Come down any time between 1-3pm to join our afternoon of tree discovery.
Come along to a spooky evening at Woodlands Farm. Wear fancy dress and make a lantern before we go on a night walk, looking for nocturnal wildlife as well as hearing a Halloween story or two. Booking is essential for this event, to book call 020 8319 8900.
Come along to Woodlands Farm to join us in some super scarecrow fun. Help us make a new scarecrow for our yard or make your own mini scarecrow to take home with you. Drop in anytime between 1-3pm to join the fun!
Work on the new education building at the farm is progressing rapidly; the building itself was already in place when I wandered down to the farm yesterday. I wonder if it will be open in time for the half term events?
Suzanna Fitzpatrick, who used to look after publicity for Woodlands Farm, wrote with details of an evening of poetry on Thursday 24th October organised by The Greenwich Poetry Workshop:
Suzanna will be reading some of her own poetry at the event. She is an accomplished poet – she wrote the Poetry London commended Lamb 001 inspired by her lambing experience at Woodlands Farm – and her poetry has been published in magazines such as South Bank Poetry, The Frogmore Papers, Brittle Star and The North.
If you write poetry and would like to read any poems on Thursday then put your name down for the open mic when you arrive.
Autumn is a fruitful foraging season, and Woodlands Farm is a fruitful place to forage for sloe berries and wild damsons. They will be foraging on Saturday, and using some of the fruit they gather to make Sloe Gin. Barry Gray from the farm wrote with details:
I attach a flyer for our autumn forage for sloes and wild damsons, with an opportunity to make sloe gin. This is a chance to see Woodlands Farm in autumn, hunt for wild fruit in the hedgerows and learn to make delicious country liqueurs in time for Christmas. Every participant leaves with a bottle of delicious hooch!
Bring your own gin or spirit of choice together with at least a one litre, wide neck (>2.5cm) container. Alternatively, Kilner type jars, 1.5 litre, will be available at cost price. Sugar, sloes and wild damsons will be provided by Woodlands Farm.
You can contact the farm to book a place by phone on 020 8319 8900 or by e-mail on woodlandsft@aol.com
Just so you know what to look for there are some photos below of sloe berries on the blackthorns at the farm, and there’s a Sloe Gin recipe in a previous post.
The Friends of Shrewsbury Park are holding their Annual General Meeting this Saturday, 12th October starting at 11.00am. Kathy from the Friends wrote with details:
We will be holding our Annual General Meeting on Saturday 12 October 2013, at 11am. We will meet at the bottom of the path that leads down from the car park, and joins Dothill. If you are unsure where this is, please get in touch.
We will start with the business side (reports, elections), and then go on to finish the path through the old Nature Reserve – we hope you will be able to help us with this. If you are able/willing to do so, then please bring along secateurs, loppers and stout gloves. There will be a hot drink and biscuits for volunteers.
We welcome members joining the Management Committee, so if you have some spare time and would like to join the small, friendly team, then please get in touch with me and I will give you more information.
This will also be an opportunity to admire some of the Friends’ achievements over recent months, such as the new drainage system and re-surfaced path on Dot Hill pictured above. This part of the Dothill path was susceptible to flooding, as can be seen in the picture with an earlier post about the improvements, so the changes will make a big difference. Further down the path the Friends have erected a new set of wheel-chair friendly gates and a hand-carved notice board at the Garland Road entrance to the park.
If you are skilled in web site maintenance you may be able to help the Friends with their excellent website. They are looking for a volunteer to take over the technical aspects of updating their site as the web designer who has looked after it for the last five years has had to step down due to work commitments. Potential web masters can contact Kathy by e-mail on fspdog@hotmail.com or come along and see her at the AGM.
The Friends are currently raising funds for a water fountain for the park, and have produced a 2014 Calendar which will be sold to help raise money. It includes art work by local children and photographs showing the park at different times of the year. The wintry January photograph is included below. The calendar costs £5.00 and will be available at the AGM or via the Friends.
The nights are drawing in, the trees are starting to change to their autumn colours and, that definitive harbinger of the season of mist and mellow fruitfulness, Woodlands Farm is holding its annual Apple Day. Maureen from the farm wrote:
Join us for a celebration of British apples on Sunday 13 October 2013, from 11am to 4pm. This is an opportunity to discover and buy many different types of traditional British apples. There will be a variety of activities including traditional crafts such as making corn dollies, a treasure hunt, archery, apple pressing to make delicious juice, stalls selling local produce, including our own honey and home-made jams, cakes and try some Kentish Cider. A great day out for all the family. Entry is free, but donations are welcome and go towards the running of the Farm.
Common Jaw Crusher Injuries, and How to Avoid . - Mellott CompanyMar 20, 2017 . Rock crushing isn't a job for the faint of heart. Whether you are quarrying or ore processing, crushing is hard, fast-paced work that, if proper precautions aren't taken, can be dangerous as well. While the jaw crusher has become increasingly safe in recent years, it is arguably one of the most dangerous.operate jaw crusher safely,Jaw Crusher Safety - 911 MetallurgistMar 19, 2017 . The operating skills that are needed to be developed are almost identical to the ones that we just finished discussing with the gyratory. The same operating variables and job perimeters are in effect here as well so I won't go into them. Before getting into the next chapter there are a few Jaw Crusher Safety.
operate jaw crusher safely,Safe and sound: Crusher safety | Pit & QuarryJul 14, 2015 . Barry Proctor, a salesman with Elrus Aggregate Systems, offers loader operators a simple rule to follow as they're delivering material to a jaw crusher. “Use a 30-[in.] x 54-[in.] jaw for example,” he says. “Take 80 percent of the first number – that's 24 in. That's the lump size you want to put into that crusher.operate jaw crusher safely,Crusher safety enhanced with technologies | Pit & QuarryAug 26, 2016 . This jaw crusher operates as a primary crusher at the Dolese Bros. Ardmore Quarry in Oklahoma. The hydraulics in modern jaw designs are integral to fast, safe toggle maintenance. Modern jaw designs eliminate the need for workers to go under the jaw until after the loose toggle is safely lowered.
Dec 14, 2015 . The maintenance platforms are available to match with either single-piece or two-piece jaw dies. has applied to patent the platform. Caption: C-Series jaw crusher's maintenance platform. "Small investment brings big improvement to work safety". "With a small investment, 's.
Jul 1, 2012 . Wesley J. Sherwood Jr., crusher feed controller, age 22, was killed on Dec.15, 2011, when he fell into an operating jaw crusher, according to a report from the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA). Sherwood was last seen standing on the viewing platform. He apparently climbed over the railing of.
Safe to operate and maintain. The C120 jaw crusher is designed to be safe to operate and maintain. There are a limited number of service points and they can be accessed easily and safely. Lifting tools for items such as jaw dies, cheek plates and the toggle plate are supplied with the crusher to guarantee safe maintenance.
The Hydra-Jaw models combine a century of experience with the most advanced jaw crusher technology available today. The result is a reliable, highly productive line of jaw crushers that are safe to operate, easy to maintain and deliver greater uptime availability. Now available in four sizes: 2238, 2550, 3244,.
Oct 26, 1998 . These operating instructions for the jaw crusher type BB 300 provide all the necessary information on the topics listed in the table of contents. The guide the target group(s) defined for the relevant subjects in safe and proper handling of the BB 300. Knowledge of the relevant chapters by the appropriate.
May 14, 2017 . Scottish company AB2000 Ltd visited Hillhead last year and were so impressed with the QJ341+ on display that they decided to purchase this latest addition to the range of jaw crushers there and then. Since it was delivered they have seen a marked increase in production, almost doubling capacity.
travel and safe operation. Equipped with a 3258. Hydraulic Jaw Crusher and 60” x 20' Grizzly. Feeder, the plant is ideally suited for crushing hard quarried stone or demolition debris. The designed and manufactured chassis is built to withstand the rigors of portable operation. Folding support legs and operator's.
Shanghai Zenith Company is the biggest manufacturer and exporter in the mining and quarring industry in China. Our main products also include jaw crushers,
The jaw can be easily unlocked and removed using the wide non-slip handle. This significantly facilitates inspection and cleaning of the crushing chamber. The gap width is continuously adjustable using a width display and allows easy zero-point adjustment for wear compensation. Safe operation. Safety features like.
Its variety of materials offered, including heavy-metal free steel and its efficiency and safety makes the BB 300 ideal for sample preparation in laboratories and industrial plants. For small amounts of sample the Jaw Crusher BB 300 can be used batch-wise; for larger amounts it can be operated continuously. Control of the.
The CITIC-HIC AJ series Single Toggle Jaw range of Jaw crushers are a heavy duty design, focusing on productivity, availability, functionality, reliability, ease of maintenance and safety. The result of this is a crusher that is capable of reliably operating in some of the most arduous applications in the mining and aggregate.
safe operating procedures zenith crusher heavy industry is specialized in the design, manufacture and supply of crushing equipment used in mining industry. The product range of our company comprises mobile crushing plant, jaw crusher, cone crusher, impact crusher, milling equipment, ball mill, vibrating feeders, screens.
been solidified as a preferred crusher throughout the industry. FL is proud to add their new line of single toggle jaw crushers, the TST, to the heritage the double toggle crushers established. The TST jaw crushers are engineered for trouble-free operation, character- ized by safe and easy serviceability. The most.
SERVICE ENGINEERS SAFETY INSPECTION – JAW CRUSHER. It is important that a machine operator is able to do an "informed" and "knowledgeable check" of the equipment that they are going to operate on an employer's behalf. There are legal requirements under the Provision and Use of Work Equipment.
Jaw Crushers | Korea Jaw Crusher Manufacturer | Single toggle jaw . Jaw crushers (FSK Series) are widely used not only in mines and chemical . safe lubrication system, convenient replacement of parts and small work load of.
However, these are frequently removed and not replaced or crushers are operated with the guard in the raised position. Reducing the risks. Remember – always replace guards whenever they have been removed or raised, for whatever reason. A safe system of work should be in place and made clear to all operators who.
rules, standards or other regulations, including OSHA and MSHAGATOR, covering safety pollution, electrical, wiring, etc. Compliance with . your operation. CHOOSE VANGUARD SERIES. JAW CRUSHERS WHEN: Toughness matters. We're so confident the Vanguard Plus series is the most dependable jaw crusher on the.
Zinc ores and extraction 2 - NFAHow we extract zinc from its ores. Stage 1. The low concentrations of the zinc sulphide mineral in most zinc ores mean that the ore must first be concentrated before extracting the metal. The zinc blende (sphalerite: zinc sulphide)is first crushed to powder and then treated by froth flotation (that process is described in the.process of extracting zinc from its ore,Zinc processing | BritannicaZinc processing, the extraction of zinc from its ores and the preparation of zinc metal or chemical compounds for use in various products. Zinc (Zn) is a metallic element of hexagonal close-packed (hcp) crystal structure and a density of 7.13 grams per cubic centimetre. It has only moderate hardness and can be made ductile.
Extraction Of Zinc - Process Of Concentration, Roasting, And SmeltingAug 5, 2016 . It is located in the group 12 of the periodic table having an atomic number of 30 and its symbol being Zn. Zinc appears in the form . As shown in the diagram below, this process involves the implementation of froth floatation method for the extraction of zinc ores from zinc blende. Zinc blende is mixed up in a.process of extracting zinc from its ore,Extraction of Zinc from Zinc Blende - Reference NotesOre forms froth and comes to the surface while impurities are left in water. Zinc. Roasting: The concentrated are is heated in excess supply of air above 9000c . In this process roasted are mixed with coke in the ration of 2:1 and small briquets are made. . Zinc can displace less electropositive metals from their salt solution.
How we extract zinc from its ores. Stage 1. The low concentrations of the zinc sulphide mineral in most zinc ores mean that the ore must first be concentrated before extracting the metal. The zinc blende (sphalerite: zinc sulphide)is first crushed to powder and then treated by froth flotation (that process is described in the.
Zinc processing, the extraction of zinc from its ores and the preparation of zinc metal or chemical compounds for use in various products. Zinc (Zn) is a metallic element of hexagonal close-packed (hcp) crystal structure and a density of 7.13 grams per cubic centimetre. It has only moderate hardness and can be made ductile.
Ore forms froth and comes to the surface while impurities are left in water. Zinc. Roasting: The concentrated are is heated in excess supply of air above 9000c . In this process roasted are mixed with coke in the ration of 2:1 and small briquets are made. . Zinc can displace less electropositive metals from their salt solution.
Ores: • Zinc blende or Sphalerite (ZnS). • Marmatite (ZnFe)S. • Typical zinc ores generally contain about 5-15 % metal. Zinc ores are mined on a large scale in many countries including Australia, USA, Canada and Peru. Current . There are two methods of zinc extraction; . Zinc ores to its oxide, by O2 flow & removal.
In the simple leaching process, this zinc cannot be easily recovered and so ores with low iron content are preferable. The sulfur dioxide is often . using bacterial action. The bacteria used thrive at temperatures up to ca 320 K, and produce weak zinc solutions that are concentrated for electrolysis using solvent extraction.
Dec 30, 2016 . extraction of zinc from zinc oxide general principles and process of isolation of elements Top most best online video lectures preparations notes for class 1.
Of course, early people did not understand this process. They may very well have made zinc by heating its ores. But any zinc they made would have floated away immediately. Still, a process for extracting zinc from its ores was apparently invented in India by the 13th century. The process involves heating the zinc ore in a.
advances in zinc solvent extraction have created opportunities for new process routes in the . solvent extraction for the mainstream processing of primary ore. .. Sulfate Media. Key impurities that commonly occur in zinc process liquors include iron, copper, cadmium, manganese, cobalt, and nickel. Their relative deport-.
Aug 31, 2012 . Question: Extraction of zinc from zinc blende – “even number” groups. Explain how the metal is extracted from its ore and how the extraction method has an impact on the environment. 1)What is Zinc Blende/Sphalerite/Black-Jack. Sphalerite. It is a mineral that is a chief ore of zinc. It has a chemical formula.
Zinc and lead are the two most widely used non-ferrous metals after aluminium and copper as vital materials . the pyrometallurgical process, ore concentrate containing lead, zinc, or both is fed, in some cases after ... processes by which zinc is extracted from its ores can be categorized under pyro-metallurgical processes.
How are they 'won' from their ores? . High reactivity. Sodium. These metals. cannot be. Magnesium. extracted with. Aluminium. carbon. CARBON. Zinc. These metals can. be extracted with. Iron . Look at the table below that summarizes how a metal's method of extraction depends on its position in the Reactivity Series:.
Abstract: Comprehensive utilization of low grade manganese−zinc compound ore containing lead and silver with a method of reductive acid leaching was studied. According to the φ−pH diagram of Mn−Zn−H2O system, Mn and Zn can be leached simultaneously in the pH range of −2 to 5.61. The results showed that both.
There is confusion about early occurrence of zinc and its extraction by the distillation process. The regular zinc production by distillation started in . Transport of the ore, waste, timber and water must have been a major task and for this, good pathways were made with wood and stone. On the outer slopes of the hills ample.
Dec 18, 2016 . When silver is a byproduct of processing these other minerals then a different method has to be used to extract the silver ore. For example is silver is found in ore containing zinc a method known as the Parkes Process is used to mine the minerals. When using this method the ore is first heated until it melts.
commercial plant to use zinc SX for the mainstream processing of a low-grade ore is under construction and promises to become one of the lowest cost zinc producers. Several other oxide and sulphide projects in various stages of feasibility are considering the inclusion of SX in their process flowsheet. Zinc SX has also.
Dec 21, 2017 . The industrial application of zinc solvent extraction for the treatment of zinc residues and furnace dust was discussed. The technique was found appropriate under operating conditions, as it eliminates the losses of valuable metals that occur with traditional precipitation methods. The development of process.
residue. The main benefit of the jarosite process is that it is an economically viable method to recover metals that might otherwise have little or no value. The lead-zinc ore deposit in Balikesir/Balya,. Turkey, was mined by French companies between. 1880 and 1935. The site was abandoned as its silver content decreased.
Ore Washing PlantMar 8, 2017 . Basic iron ore washing and screening plant.ore washing plant in kyanite,Iron ore washing from CDE Global.wmvNov 1, 2011 . Our iron ore washing plants have been developed to assist with the removal of waste fines including alumina and silica from iron ore which leads to increased.
Basic Ore Washing Plant - Feed The Beast Wiki - FTB ForumsJun 25, 2017 . Basic Ore Washing Plant is a block added by the GregTech 5 mod. It is a LV-tier singleblock processing machine. It can accept energy packets up to 32 EU. The machine is a typical Singleblock Machine, so the information about its GUI, input and output, slots for items or fluid and energy buffer can be found.ore washing plant in kyanite,Kyanite, Sillimanite, and Andalusite Deposits of the Southeastern .ore deposits. Kyanite, sillimanite, and andalusite are very re- sistant minerals; however, they may be liberated from the containing rock through weathering and become concentrated in .. Trail Ridge and on similar material from the plant of the Titanium .. washing, equivalent to a little less than 1 percent kyanite by weight.
Dec 31, 2014 . For this pilot project as well as any future underground operations, all the ore will still go to the washing plant, but due to the fact that there is more contamination, the majority of production—about 80 percent—will be achieved at the washing plant before the ore goes to the sorting house. With this in mind,.
ed, classified, and washed. After washing, the clean, fine-grained material is prepared for selec-. 3.: .:.. * .. Figure 3. Kyanite ore from Baker Mountain. . magnets and stockpiled. The beneficiated kyanite. City (Figure 8). Bulk material is available from is marketed in the raw state or is converted into all four plants.
Feb 26, 2017 . The notable occurrence of native copper ores is in the Keewenaw district of Northern Michigan. This area, one of the older mining districts of the United States, obtained its recovery entirely with gravity plants until the late 20s. As higher recoveries became more essential, a detailed investigation was made.
Nov 1, 2011 . Our iron ore washing plants have been developed to assist with the removal of waste fines including alumina and silica from iron ore which leads to increased.
Jun 25, 2017 . Basic Ore Washing Plant is a block added by the GregTech 5 mod. It is a LV-tier singleblock processing machine. It can accept energy packets up to 32 EU. The machine is a typical Singleblock Machine, so the information about its GUI, input and output, slots for items or fluid and energy buffer can be found.
Oct 29, 2014 . I buried it in the earth for a month, brought it in and put it in the soil of a potted plant when it “called” to me that it didn't want to be left outside. .. Pretty much all of my crystals have changed over time, my lithium quartz has been growing orange in it, peacock ore has gotten way more golden and colorful over.
of these (enstatite, epidote, garnet, ilmenite, rutile, kyanite, staurolite and zircon) being . the washing plant. Sample 3 is modern dune sand collected 10 miles south of Jacksonville Beach. Samples 4a,4b, 4c, and 4d were collected at intervals of 2 to .. represent huge bodies of commercial ore, present a more favorable op-.
Classification. Enrichment. 5. Washing. Gravity separation. Flotation. Magnetic separation. Leaching. Upgrading. 6. Sedimentation. Mechanical dewatering. Thermal drying .. 6:62. Major process equipment components of iron ore pellet plant ... All deposits of minerals, rock or ores have different hardness depending on the.
Wash hands after contact with lead ore.” (The Crystal Healer 81) “As an elixir it is an excellent energizer and protector of house plants; it can also be used in the garden or field situation to help relieve infestations. It has been used ... Kyanite – “Friable stones such as Kyanite should never be placed in water.” (Crystal User's.
WW Series, Utilises wash water addition for enhanced grade control in specific applications (i.e. iron ore, mineral sand). HC Series, These super-high capacity spirals have been designed specifically for more economical and compact high tonnage plants. The facility to add wash-water can be added on some models.
The mining industry is a business full of risks, requiring substantial long-term investment. One of the risks is the technical risk associated with project evaluation, process development, plant design, mine planning, and performance of mineral processing/metallurgical unit operations, which is mainly caused by ore variability.
Let us handle the less desirable parts of the move. We have nationwide coverage in the U.S. and Canada.
We have a wide selection of new and used cartons, as well as TV Boxes, and custom fitted cartons for all your needs!
With a city-issued temporary "moving permit" and signs, you’ll have a space reserved for your moving vehicle or moving container when and where you need it.
See how we can help you streamline your customer service department and save your company time and money.
“ I have been working with the staff at MMG for approximately 4 years and find them to be most efficient, accommodating and an extreme pleasure to work with. The busy season will be starting up shortly and I know they will be there for us and am greatly looking forward to it.
“ MMG is fantastic and always there to service our [sic] needs. I have been working with them for almost 5 years and have seen them keep up with our [sic] growth by increasing their service provider list and ensuring clear background checks. They always understand the time-sensitive nature of our requests and ensure that contact with a customer and surveyor assignment is done quickly. Their providers consistently provide outstanding service with the level of detail included in survey results. MMG’s extension into destination services such as debris removals and unpacking are also a great resources we have used on several occasions when needing immediate solutions. They have a great team that is always there to help and it has been a pleasure working with them over the years
We hold ourselves to a very high standard, not only for customer service, but for our survey accuracy. We know
Now that our industry has begun to wind down, I'd like to remind you that we're the leader in nationwide
In 1966 the ancestor of MasterCard was born when a group of banks established Master Charge to compete with BankAmericard. Ever wondered How to Buy Bitcoins with Debit Card in USA or any other place in the world. Split the tab between 4 friends and 3 credit cards with no problem.The advantages of this way of funding are instant transactions and the opportunity to buy Bitcoins on credit.Text your share of the rent (no checks and no mailbox necessary).These credit cards have either a low on-going interest rate, low introductory interest rate, or low on-going fees.All transactions are done using the credit card payment processing which complies with strictest security standards is controlled by Visa and MasterCard.
How to actually buy bitcoins is one of the most frustrating, trickiest, and most inconvenient parts.Credit cards can also offer reward points which may be redeemed for cash, products, or airline tickets.
Bitcoin is increasing in popularity year on year, but many are still wondering about how to buy bitcoins.Transfer money immediately by generating Visa cards. compliance and commercial challenges allowed Shift to create the first bitcoin debit card in partnership.
Bitcoin debit card with instant conversion to USD, EUR or GBP.You can still submit this order without payment and it will be reviewed manually by our operators.It is safe and easy to Buy Bitcoin with credit card from Paybis.com. Exchange is instant, all major credit cards are accepted: Visa, MasterCard, etc. Paybis.com guarantee bitcoin delivery right after your transaction is approved.The Bitcoin debit card looks set to inject some serious convenience into transacting with digital currency.
If you need to purchase medium or big amounts of cryptocurrency, it will be cheaper to use a bank wire (although it will take much more time) or money transfers (instant way of buying bitcoin with cash ).
In this guide we are going to show you how to buy bitcoins easily using your credit or debit card at one of the top bitcoin exchanges that now offer ethereum trading too.So, the main benefit of credit card to each customer is convenience.
This is the default welcome page used to test the correct operation of the Apache2 server after installation on Ubuntu systems. It is based on the equivalent page on Debian, from which the Ubuntu Apache packaging is derived. If you can read this page, it means that the Apache HTTP server installed at this site is working properly. You should replace this file (located at /var/www/html/index.html) before continuing to operate your HTTP server.
Ubuntu's Apache2 default configuration is different from the upstream default configuration, and split into several files optimized for interaction with Ubuntu tools. The configuration system is fully documented in /usr/share/doc/apache2/README.Debian.gz. Refer to this for the full documentation. Documentation for the web server itself can be found by accessing the manual if the apache2-doc package was installed on this server.
They are activated by symlinking available configuration files from their respective *-available/ counterparts. These should be managed by using our helpers a2enmod, a2dismod, a2ensite, a2dissite, and a2enconf, a2disconf . See their respective man pages for detailed information.
By default, Ubuntu does not allow access through the web browser to any file apart of those located in /var/www, public_html directories (when enabled) and /usr/share (for web applications). If your site is using a web document root located elsewhere (such as in /srv) you may need to whitelist your document root directory in /etc/apache2/apache2.conf.
The default Ubuntu document root is /var/www/html. You can make your own virtual hosts under /var/www. This is different to previous releases which provides better security out of the box.
Please use the ubuntu-bug tool to report bugs in the Apache2 package with Ubuntu. However, check existing bug reports before reporting a new bug.
If you didn't find the product information you want above, you can search more Industrial & Commercial Fencing information through here. We are dedicated to provide you more Industrial & Commercial Fencing Manufacturer. Anyway, thanks again for your kind patronage!
If you didn't find the product information you want above, you can search more Fence Clips information through here. We are dedicated to provide you more Fence Clips Manufacturer. Anyway, thanks again for your kind patronage!
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013
Harga Komoditi (08 September 2016) – Berikut adalah harga komoditas tanggal 08 September 2016 diberbagai kabupaten di indonesia, dimana terlihat beberapa kenaikan dari harga ternak sapi, harga ternak ayam sampai kepada harga daging sapi dan daging ayam.
Usaha peternakan menjadi salah satu bisnis menggiurkan dimana bisnis ini memang menjadi salah satu komoditas utama bahan makanan atau pangan di Indonesia. Dapatkan informasi bisnis ternak di Indonesia terkini dan terlengkap berikut data dan statistik populasi ternak Nusantara paling update.
The Path has the opportunity to work with three wonderful seed keepers, Dianna and Greg. Because their work is essential to The Path in the conservation, collection, saving and preservation of heirloom seeds, we’d love for you to meet them.
Dianna’s fascination with old seeds grew as part of her work in Kansas archeology and became the inspiration for her future work. This joy included being one of the founders of the Central Prairie Seed Exchange and Kaw Valley Seeds Project, learning seed saving, and organic spiritual gardening.
Along with her knowledge came the gift of listening to the precious messages of the seeds in the 1980’s. This opened the door of spiritual gardening. Through the sacred corn, Dianna, has been led on journeys to the states of Minnesota, Iowa, Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Rhode Island. She serves as a Sacred Corn Carrier.
Her formal education is in interior design and trained armature archeology. She views gardening work more as play and looks for opportunities to share with others through education, displays, and demonstrations. Her recent endeavors have been the writings of Whispering Ancestors: The Wisdom of the Corn. This book is now available translated into Spanish and a deck of corn wisdom cards are close to completion. In these ways the voiceless corn may again speak its wisdom to the people.
“Listen to the little children, speaking Wisdom/Truth in the midst of chaos…I give You the Light of Love…know that you can only keep it by giving it away.”
Since his youth, Greg has explored his interest in the natural world, and throughout his adult life he has fostered his enthusiasm and involvement in horticulture, botany and ecology. Through this interest and his travels throughout the Southwest since 1988, he has acquired a useful body of knowledge of regional native botany and ecosystems. Greg maintains a focus in the cultivation of heritage and medicinal plants in an arid climate, within an intentional community setting.
In 1995 Greg befriended Carl Barnes, a Cherokee elder from Oklahoma, and had the good fortune of working with him over the following years. During that time Carl passed on much of his wisdom, along with seeds of many traditional and sacred varieties of corn. It was through spending time with Carl, and through growing these seeds for several seasons in New Mexico, that Greg began to find deeper insights into the spiritual nature of corn, and our seed heritage as a whole. Through this journey, Greg has taken a deep interest in seed preservation and crop diversity and its importance for humanity on many levels.
Together as one, we are joining hands in our deeds and prayers. Your generous donations toward The Path are appreciated and makes this work possible.
Total 53 records. First record Sun, 22-04-2018 from Magnum and last record Mon, 12-03-1990 from Magnum
The statistical data and graph contained on this page is for information only. This information is believed to be correct. Nevertheless, 4D88 makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of any of this information. 4D88 number scoring system are prioritized the frequency of hit and least waiting time, when switched to permutation mode, score will get higher. Please report any issues to admin@4d88.com
Louisiana Sportsman offers this feature to Registered Users. Registration is FREE and takes a few minutes to complete.
If you have registered and logged in and still receive this message, then your account has either not been activated or you do not have permission to access this page. Please contact the Help Desk for more information.
Lock Y Axis Group by Agency Contract Action Type Contracting Office Agency NAICS Code Type of Set Aside Type of Contract Pricing
To use this badge in a mail client, you will need to download the badge to your computer and then follow one of the tutorials below:
Looking for a company? OneTeam Search can help you find partners for your next government contracting opportunity!
“Robert Galbraith” might be the name on the cover, but everyone knows this book is written by Rowling. “The Silkworm” is the second book in the Cormoran Strike detective series, which started with “The Cuckoo’s Calling” in 2013. (Hint: "The Silkworm" is $9.99 in the iBookstore, but $8.99 when purchased through Amazon for the Kindle app.)
The latest weather app from MeteoGroup forewarns of severe conditions such as storms, heavy rains, thunderstorms, and more.
Choosing the perfect glass of wine just got easier with this promising new app. Simply take a picture of a wine list at a bar or restaurant and WineGlass will do the rest. The app shows ratings, reviews, price information, and food pairings for each wine.
Fly is a new video editing app for iPhone. It features dissolve transitions, split screen, picture-in-picture, and much more. It is intended for folks who want to create videos up to five minutes in length. Available in-app purchases include audio and gesture packs, a multi-cam, and clips editor. Finally, Supernauts a new social building game based on a foundation of fun. Your job is to rebuild Earth, solve puzzles, and get creative with other players from around the world. Buying coins through in-app purchases will help you get through the game faster. We hope you enjoy this week's list. Another edition of "How to Spend a $25 iTunes Gift Card" will be published next week.
I upgrades two iPAD minis and an iPhone 6 and iPhone 5. Airdrop now doesn’t work on any of these devices
This site and its content are in no way affiliated or endorsed by Apple, Inc. · Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited
The hallowed halls where Kendo Masters from month to month are memorialized for all time. Could you join their ranks?
DIYers get help from real appliance repair technicians on any major kitchen or laundry appliance problem!
Unleash your inner Basho and share your appliance haikus with the world. Open to all, including Grasshoppers and Lurkers. Haikus only, not a help forum!
An exclusive forum for Professional Appliantologist members featuring special topics and appliance repair training webinar recordings.
Watch the Samurai in live action, engaging in hand-to-machine combat with insolent appliances who have refused to fulfill their design function. We teach circuit troubleshooting on modern computer-controlled appliances at the Master Samurai Tech Academy.
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can adjust your cookie settings, otherwise we'll assume you're okay to continue.
Only forty one.2% of custodial mothers and fathers acquire the full number of kid assist They are really owed from ex-spouses. A family regulation attorney may get you the back again payments that you are owed.
Ms.Kelliher is a wonderful attorney. I'd recommend her for both of those prison and family law. Her professionalism and operate ethic is impeccable. Palms down she is the greatest attorney I ever had.
Prenuptial agreements: If you or your future spouse owns real-estate, has substantial income, or owns a company, drafting a prenuptial agreement is usually useful.
Two particularly well-informed attorneys who created you really feel at ease in the course of a complicated method. Would hugely suggest them.
Discovered adoptions. These incorporate adoptions by which the start mom along with the adoptive mother and father develop into acquainted independently and request the help of the adoption company to finalize the procedure.
Evaluation: “...was hired soon after obtaining session over a issue my family assumed it was nearly not possible. A result of the many expenses such as a felony we...”
Assessment: “...I was in excess of delighted along with his familiarity with family law and and would indisputably advise Mr. Brezel to family and mates....”
David was a pleasure to work with even likely while this sort of an psychological issue for a divorce. He took time to reply my concerns and handle my considerations It doesn't matter how significant or compact I assumed they ended up.
Dan is often a focused, resourceful attorney who'll go the extra mile to assist his consumers protected the very best outcome, and his breadth of knowledge allows him to foresee and fix challenges other attorneys may well not even understand.
Attorneys who will be labeled as PRO have subscribed to Avvo services and confirmed their info mainly because it appears on Avvo.
Interviewing multiple legal professionals can assist you find the greatest match for your personal distinctive scenario. To start out, search for skilled family attorneys in the vicinity of your town in our lawyer directory.
Annulment: An annulment legally dissolves a relationship by managing the arrangement as though it never ever existed. Annulment is just not achievable in all conditions, but a couple can pursue a single in the situation of misrepresentation, incest, bigamy, underage, or force.
Marriage and divorce have a bunch of opportunity difficulties. The next are some of the commonest challenges to occur in between spouses:
As your prospective family regulation attorney is answering your concerns, you'll want to assess their responses more info and habits to make a decision whether or not they are the top lawyer in your case. The following traits may show that this attorney is a great match:
Consorts is an ensemble formed in 2013 to explore the possibilities of combining sustained-tone music and improvisation (both guided and free). Compositions are written for specific musicians but the membership of the ensemble will be flexible from composition to composition.
Job Tests TorontoIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests MontrealIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests VancouverIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests CalgaryIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Ottawa GatineauIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers...
Job Tests EdmontonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Quebec CityIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests WinnipegIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests HamiltonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests CambridgeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests KitchenerIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests WaterlooIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests LondonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests St. CatharinesIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers...
Job Tests HalifaxIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests OshawaIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests VictoriaIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests WindsorIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests SaskatoonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests ReginaIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests SherbrookeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests St. John'sIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests BarrieIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests KelownaIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests AbbotsfordIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests SudburyIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests KingstonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests SaguenayIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests TroisIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests GuelphIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests MonctonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests BrantfordIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Saint JohnIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests PeterboroughIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Thunder BayIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests LethbridgeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests NanaimoIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests KamloopsIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests BellevilleIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests ChathamIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests FrederictonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests ChilliwackIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Red DeerIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Cape BretonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests SarniaIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests DrummondvilleIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Prince GeorgeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests GranbyIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Sault Ste. MarieIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers...
Job Tests Medicine HatIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Kawartha LakesIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers...
Job Tests Wood BuffaloIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests North BayIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests CharlottetownIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests NorfolkIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Grande PrairieIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers...
Job Tests VernonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests CornwallIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests SaintIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests BrandonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests RimouskiIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests ShawiniganIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests CourtenayIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests JolietteIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests VictoriavilleIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests LeamingtonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests TruroIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests DuncanIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Prince AlbertIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests PentictonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests RouynIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests TimminsIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests SorelIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests WoodstockIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests SalaberryIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests BrockvilleIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Campbell RiverIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers...
Job Tests MidlandIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Moose JawIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests LloydminsterIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests New GlasgowIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests ValIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your jobs...
Job Tests AlmaIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Corner BrookIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Owen SoundIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests StratfordIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Carleton PlaceIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers...
Job Tests OrilliaIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests BathurstIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests WinklerIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests ParksvilleIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests RiviereIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests OkotoksIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests SeptIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Thetford MinesIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers...
Job Tests Fort St. JohnIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests WhitehorseIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Centre WellingtonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top...
Job Tests BaieIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests MiramichiIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests KentvilleIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests CranbrookIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Port AlberniIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests BrooksIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests EdmundstonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests PembrokeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests QuesnelIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests CollingwoodIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Wasaga BeachIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests SquamishIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests North BattlefordIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers...
Job Tests YellowknifeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests CobourgIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests YorktonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests CamroseIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Swift CurrentIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests NelsonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Williams LakeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests MataneIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Salmon ArmIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests PetawawaIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Powell RiverIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Port HopeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests SummersideIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Arnprior If we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests TillsonburgIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests SteinbachIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests CampbelltonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Terrace If we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests DolbeauIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Sylvan LakeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests KenoraIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Cold LakeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Grand FallsIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests CanmoreIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests StrathmoreIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests ThompsonIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests CowansvilleIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Estevan If we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests High RiverIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests SainteIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Portage La PrairieIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top...
Job Tests GanderIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests LacombeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests LachuteIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests IngersollIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Prince RupertIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests WetaskiwinIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Dawson CreekIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests HawkesburyIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests Bay RobertsIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Job Tests WeyburnIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in your...
Job Tests Elliot LakeIf we are being honest, the answer for most managers is yes. At Assess4thBest we provide information for business owners and mangers that enables them to make better decisions regarding their people issues. The solution involves using assessments to: Identify and hire candidates that will become top performers in...
Here are the best deals I see at Walgreens this week. Thanks to Collin at Hip2Save for rounding up the week’s deals. For a complete list, visit Hip2Save.
Frugal Day is a place to share the ideas, coupons, and deals that make it easy to live and shop responsibly. I love to save, and I believe that …
The Zoo is also well known for its beautiful gardens, which are designed to provide fresh plant treats for the zoo’s residents.The Zoo holds a variety of educational and conservation-focused events throughout the year, including the popular ‘Zoo Snoozes,' where visitors spend a fun-filled night at the zoo, playing games and activities and visiting the nocturnal animals.The Zoo features several specific habitats that house animals from Africa, Asia, Australia, North America and a variety of excellent exhibits.‘Trail of the Tiger’ features unusual and rare animals from Asia such as Malayan tigers and tapirs, orangutans, oriental small-clawed otters, siamangs, and binturongs.Sugar Daddy Meet is part of a network of affiliated internet dating sites that serve individuals with diverse and varied interests.Please see our Privacy Policy for details of how user profiles are accessible to others in the network.
Originally founded as the Norfolk Museum of Arts and Sciences in 1933, the museum grew through a large donation of art by automotive heir Walter Chrysler and today is home to over 30,000 objects that span thousands of years of world history.
Pete, Pigeon Forge, Columbus, Southwest, From Dallas, Jacksonville, Charleston WV Founded in 1988, Nauticus National Maritime Center opened to the public in 1994 at the location of the former Banana Pier.
The nautical-themed center includes many activities and things to see including a large screen theater, hands-on exhibits and interactive theaters.
In addition to the museum, the memorial offers tours, outreach activities, and special events such as film screenings, lectures, and more.
You will find there different kind of personalities: wealthy businessmen, hot girls, married women, lesbians, gays, addictive role play gamers, charming ladies, student teenagers, friendly foreigners, single asians, black people, caucasians, etc. Block)3) Founders and moderators of chat rooms have a new menu: press any message in a chat room you control to Report/Ban messages easily4) Delete any of your messages in a private chat by long pressing it - Delete5) Improved spam protection and security: - new private chats allow the founder to describe the reason for a chat in 1 message- the receivers of the new chats have an option to easily accept, report and delete the chat in a pop up menu6) People section works faster7) People section recovers part of the contacts if installing the app on a different device I just downloaded the app yesterday, and honestly I was overwhelmed at first.
Furthermore, these milfs are very desperate to get hard core with you and will also be able to ask them carry out so many things for you!
You can also lock-release Flash by pressing on the "puzzle" icon in the top right corner of your browser.
He was not one who would like to see their local Society merged into a larger or even into a national one. 3 practical fouting, and have reu'iilar competitions on the occasion of the annual gathering, but it was quite an open question, whether by multiplying their aims and objects — federating with other Societies, taking up home-made cloths and other native industries, and such like arrangements — they should not injure the standing Y.aicli the Society had gained as a fountain of literai'y and scholastic matter. The Nineteeuth Ajimial Assembly of the Society was held in the Music Hall on 9th July, 1891.Anns a cheud dol a mach tha agam ri mor bhuidheachas a thoirt do'n Chomunn Gaidhealach, air son a chuireadh a thug iad dhomh, air son tighinn 'nur measg aig an am so.
For example, an excellent series of Gaelic folk-lore and folk- tales was being published in London, by Mr David Nutt, the authors being two well-known Gaelic scholars, Revs.
One of the musical gems of the evening, " Mackintosh's Lament," was sung by Miss Kate Frasei', with humming accompaniment by the choir.
A most interesting and thoroughly Highland musical ])ro- gramme was gone through, and great credit is due to Mr Roddie's select choir for their excellent rendering of the different songs.