Every single spring, good friends of the muse host noteworthy speakers at intimate salons. These exclusive events, held inside of several of the most beautiful properties inside read this article the county, enable elevate funds for scholar scholarships.
The manicurists are all welcoming, Skilled and qualified. The front desk staff is often attentive. The salon is extremely clear and superbly decorated. I might Fortunately recommend this salon to all my mates.
“This salon is unquestionably the best I've ever been to and Ashley and Brandy Lynn are particularly talented and Experienced.” In 31 assessments
Contemplating Chan may be the colorist for reasonable-haired beauties including Heather Graham, we anticipated to kiss our light brown base very good-bye. He have to have sensed that regular monthly salon visits would not work with our packed schedule (and not-so-packed wallet), mainly because he instructed just some chunky parts.
Onelink TV Network is getting you closer to Home as the number of channels are increasing and each station is unique, we bring you the most popular TV channels to your living room.
The film follows a pilot working for CIA to provide reconnaissance on the burgeoning communist threat in Central America and soon finds himself in charge of one of the biggest covert CIA operations in the history of the United States. What will happen?
Lambert is a sex addict. It once cost him his pilot job, but he is now trying to work it out through a support group and a new career as couples therapist. Judith has no problem. She Is a nymphomaniac who is delighted to sleep with everyone she likes and particularly the men she works with. Until it gets her fired.When Judith applies for a job at Lamberts practice, they are instantly attracted to each other. But the more she tries to seduce him, the more he wants to build a healthy relationship with her... one not based on sex. It is an uphill battle every day, to keep her from jumping his bones!
In a post-apocalyptic future humans live in peace with androids in a domed city. However, a strange series of murders has intruded into bored inspector Re-l Mayer's life.
Season 3 opens with Longmire investigating Branch's shooting, but Branch insists that he was shot by a dead man. Meanwhile, Henry goes to prison after being arrested for killing Longmire's wife's killer.
Private eye Harry D'Amour (Scott Bakula) travels to Los Angeles to meet with a new client, Dorothea Swann (Famke Janssen). There, Harry stumbles over members of a fanatic cult, who are waiting for the resurrection of their leader Nix.
A powerful Cimmerian warrior, Conan carves a bloody path across the land of Hyboria to get his revenge on the evil warlord who attacked his village and murdered his father when he was a boy.
A Civil War veteran with a sawed-off rifle as a holstered weapon makes a living as a bounty hunter in the Wild West of the 1870s.
Emmi, a German woman in her mid-sixties, falls in love with Ali, a Moroccan immigrant worker around twenty-five years younger. They marry, despite the shocked, bigoted reactions of those around them. When the folks calm down a bit, Emmi and Ali';;s relationship grows uncertain.
Mike Nelson is a S.C.U.B.A. diver in the days when it was still very new. He works alone, and the plot was mostly carried through his voice-over narrations. These gave the show a flavor of a radio program. Typical adventures were finding a downed satellite or sunken treasure.
After Darcy is date raped, she and her friends Nora and Olivia band together to inflict a seemingly harmless revenge prank on the rapist. But things spiral out of control resulting in the deaths of each of their lovers.
Having beaten up a blind veteran in the street, Nan must complete an anger management class or go to prison. It turns out much tougher than Nan thought...
fmovies - Free movies online, here you can watch movies online in high quality for free without annoying of advertising, just come and enjoy your movies online. fmovie, fmovies, bmovies.
On the Road and Off the Record with Leonard Bernstein: My Years with the Exasperating Genius by Charlie Harmon
A celebratory, intimate, and detailed look at the public and private life of Leonard Bernstein written by his former assistant. Foreword by Broadway legend Harold Prince.
Leonard Bernstein reeked of cheap cologne and obviously hadn't showered, shaved, or slept in a while. Was he drunk to boot? He greeted his new assistant with "What are you drinking?" Yes, he was drunk.
Charlie Harmon was hired to manage the day-to-day parts of Bernstein's life. There was one additional responsibility: make sure Bernstein met the deadline for an opera commission. But things kept getting in the way: the centenary of Igor Stravinsky, intestinal parasites picked up in Mexico, teaching all summer in Los Angeles, a baker's dozen of young men, plus depression, exhaustion, insomnia, and cut-throat games of anagrams. Did the opera get written?
For four years, Charlie saw Bernstein every day, as his social director, gatekeeper, valet, music copyist, and itinerant orchestra librarian. He packed (and unpacked) Bernstein's umpteen pieces of luggage, got the Maestro to his concerts, kept him occupied changing planes in Zurich, Anchorage, Tokyo, or Madrid, and learned how to make small talk with mayors, ambassadors, a chancellor, a queen, and a Hollywood legend or two. How could anyone absorb all those people and places? Because there was music: late-night piano duets, or the Maestro's command to accompany an audition, or, by the way, the greatest orchestras in the world. Charlie did it, and this is what it was like, told for the first time.
Lil Reek, have you heard of him? Well, here is your chance to put him on your radar with his first single, "Rock Out" of the forthcoming 'Graduation' ..
In 2016 Orlando, Florida based rapper Woop was poised to become the next big star in rap having collaborated with likes of Migos, Kodak Black, ..
Benjamin Bally aka Bally the Atlanta hook writer and member of Cool Amerika has released 'It's Bally Baby' hosted by GuyATL via Spinrilla. ..
HoodRich Pablo Juan enlists and entrusts the enigmatic and talented French Techno producer Brodinski to lay down the heat for the joint venture ..
HoodRich Pablo Juan has got his "Money on Fleek" on his 2018 debut album 'Rich Hood' released on the quintessential southern rap label 1017 ..
Straight from the motherland Nigeria comes up and coming rapper who goes by the moniker Six Fo. His latest tune is a dark, trap bouncy cut titled ..
On the new single "Way Alright" brought to us by producer Malik Gita, we get to hear a fusion of sounds from the U. S. of A., South Africa, ..
Taking the industry and fans completely by surprise, Future & Young Thug team up for the joint mixtape, SUPER SLIMEY — out at all digital ..
Ois4 OMARI will catch you off guard at first and that’s okay. In a time plastered with Lil This and Young That all over Instagram donning ..
On July 14-16 Louisville, Kentucky held their 15th annual Forecastle Music Festival at the Waterfront Park. I was lucky enough to go and cover ..
The Earthquake Event Page application supports most recent browsers, view supported browsers. Or, try our Real-time Notifications, Feeds, and Web Services.
Accountability, Affordable and Social Housing, Developers/ Development, Inequality, Land banking, NPPF, Planning System
So, where houses are expensive MORE expensive even more houses must be built because Javid thinks that will bring prices down! Yet developers will still be allowed to make more than 20% profit on EACH development before affordable housing has to be built.
Just watch for the first developer to blame Brexit for house prices that don’t go down, and watch Letwin’s report on land banking get kicked into the long grass!
Remember this is the man who has just given more than £800m earmarked fo4 affordable housing back to the Treasury.
And it will be COUNCILS which are sanctioned when developers keep land with planning consent bare NOT DEVELOPERS.
Well done, Javid, well done. Your developer donors getting bigger profits and councils being forced to bend to developer will – and still youngsters won’t be able to get on the housing ladder.
“Thousands of new homes are to be approved and council Nimbyism curbed, the housing secretary Sajid Javid tells Tim Shipman.
Up to five new garden towns are to be approved for the corridor between Oxford and Cambridge under government plans to launch a “housing revolution” this week.
In an interview with The Sunday Times, Sajid Javid, the housing secretary, said he would give the go-ahead to at least two new towns in the next few weeks and could push for up to three more. The decision comes after ministers agreed to fund a high-speed rail line and an “expressway” for cars between the two leading university towns.
“Along that corridor there’s an opportunity to build at least four or five garden towns and villages with thousands of homes,” Javid said. The first step will be to establish “new town development corporations” for the chosen sites, which will help developers and town planners to “cut through a lot of the bureaucracy”, he said.
Referring to the creation of Milton Keynes in 1967 and the transformation of London’s Docklands in the 1980s, Javid said: “We haven’t been that ambitious for a long time.”
Now that Theresa May’s latest Brexit speech is behind it, the government will return this week to what Javid calls “our No 1 domestic priority”.
He said: “We have a housing crisis in this country. Average house prices in England are eight times average earnings. In London, where we have the most acute shortage, it is 15 times average earnings. That’s not just the worst we have had in England , it’s the worst of any major developed economy.”
Last year 217,000 homes were built, more than double the total in 2010, but well under the 300,000 a year the government is aiming for by 2025.
This week ministers will change the planning rules to try to kick-start house-building “where it is needed” and turn the heat up on “Nimby councils” who have refused to build what is needed.
Tomorrow Javid will unveil a new version of the National Planning Policy Framework (NPPF), to get councils to give more land for development. “You’ve got to release it where people are demanding more homes,” he said.
The NPPF will contain new national rules determining how many homes councils should be building each year — taking account of local house prices and wages and the number of key workers in the area. Javid is clear that will force many councils to set higher targets.
“It will no longer allow Nimby councils that don’t really want to build the homes that their local community needs to fudge the numbers,” Javid said. “For the first time it will explicitly take into account the market prices. If you are in an area where the unaffordability ratio is much higher you will have to build even more. It will make clear to councils that this number is a minimum, not a maximum.”
Javid will also launch a crackdown on councils who do not meet targets. He said: “The other thing we’ll introduce is the delivery test. If they say we’re going to plan for 300 a year at the moment there is nothing in the system that checks to see they are actually delivering the 300 and that is going to change.”
Councils who fail to step up will be stripped of their right to decide what gets built in their areas, with decisions made by independent planning inspectors instead. “Developers can only apply for planning permission in the areas the council has identified,” he said. “If the protection of that plan is switched off, a developer can apply for planning permission anywhere in your area.
“This is quite a big sanction for every local authority to not just come up with the right number, but once that number is in place, we are going to be breathing down your neck to make sure you are actually delivering on those numbers.”
Javid says that does not mean building on the green belt, “but it does mean that outside of naturally protected land like woodland and green belt they can pretty much roam everywhere outside that”.
The housing secretary has shown he is prepared to intervene after he threatened 15 councils who had failed to draw up any local plan for development.
“The last time York had a plan was 1954,” he said. “There was the chancellor’s district council, Runnymede. They responded positively. It doesn’t matter who you are or who your MP is, if you haven’t got a plan you will be hearing from me. If a council keeps ignoring its responsibility we can take that planning responsibility away from them and give it to someone else.”
The new planning framework will also seek to make local plans more responsive to their populations’ needs. Javid said: “Our nurses, police officers and fire officers want to live as close as possible to where they serve the British public. We want to make it easier it build and take their needs into account.”
In cities he is keen to see more building upwards. New rules will make it easier for homeowners to add two storeys to their houses — and will clear the way for a large number of mansion blocks to be built.
“The density of London is less than half that of Paris. We don’t want London to end up like Hong Kong,” Javid said, but he wants more “mansion blocks, the kind you might see in Kensington and Chelsea”. He said: “It will be quite surprising how easy we want to make it for people who want to build upwards.”
Further proposals to force developers to build more quickly will be revealed next week when the former cabinet minister Oliver Letwin publishes the interim findings of his report into the problem of land banking by developers.
“We need planning permission to turn into homes,” Javid said. “I don’t think Oliver is going to hold back.”
Javid is aware that failure to deliver could cost the Tories the next election. “We need a housing revolution. We have to show the British public that we are doing everything we reasonably can because if we don’t they will turn to the hard-left ideas of [Jeremy] Corbyn. If that means taking on councils, developers and others that’s what we’re going to do.”
“More than one public play park is closed every WEEK as green spaces are ‘left to rot, be overrun by thugs or turned into properties’ “ 12 Nov 2018
Universal Credit – even “The Times” can’t stomach it now | East Devon Watch on “Universal Credit forces Devon girl, 9, to beg for work after mum died and dad lost job”
Accountability Affordable and Social Housing Austerity cuts DCC Democracy Developers/ Development EDDC Environment (local) General Election Health and Social Care (local) Hugo Swire Inequality Knowle/Honiton/Exmouth relocation Local Enterprise Partnership Local Plan Misc NHS (local) Scrutiny Transparency Voting
Since learning is touch, we have created an interface that is so adaptable, for both touch & normal screens from the ground up.
Since promoting your business with easybizy is so simple, you’ll be exposed to so many potential customers.
Easybizy is a one stop shop for everything your business needs. Business promoter? CRM? a Calendar? POS? it got them all.
"Along with a super simple day to day set of solutions, Easybizy lets you accurately and easily analyze your business."
""Thanks to Easybizy, my business can is always available for me and for my assistant in every place on every device, making managing it that much simpler."
easybizy is customer centered. Any business with major returning customers base will benefit many ways from it. From beauty/bride salon, flowers or wine shops, health clinics, clothing and even small boutique food shops.
BlackBerry Passport Silver Edition に China Unicom のSIMカードを挿して起動したら、このようにChina Unicomのロゴが表示され、サウンドが鳴るようになりました。
Within the past week and a half, I've experienced symptoms very similar to "Morgellans disease," except the thread-like fibers do not originate from my skin; they seem to come from my carpets, towels, etc. (Actually, they are EVERYWHERE.) For the first few days, they practically stood "on end" and waved in the wind (only there was no wind). When I passed my hand over them, they reacted as if electrified. They (or SOMETHING) got on my scalp and seemed to eat my hair, changing the texture and making it fuzzy. My skin texture has become dry and wrinkled with little red dots where the "fibers" have entered. I've found little wadded-up bunches of them, like Morgellans describes. AND, these fibers, which look like cat hair, appear to "jump" onto my body and sting as they begin to burrow into my skin. It feels like I've bumped into a cactus plant.
My doctor quickly diagnosed "scabies," but I know that's not what I have. I can't appropriate "Morgellans," because nothing's comin' out of me; it's all exterior - my house, my porch, my garage. I cannot figure it out and am, consequently, about to blow my brains out. I can't walk through my house without getting stinging bites. OK. Here's when you "commit" me. I've also noticed a lot of damage to my wooden furniture, picture frames, etc. and I swear it looks like these "fibers" are eating the wood, too!
I live in Florida; my house is two years old; I've just exterminated for an ant and then a clothes moth infestation; I wasn't aware of any water leaks or damage until I started looking tonight and noticed some peculiar changes in some ceiling corners, which I'll check more thoroughly tomorrow. In the meantime, I'm experiencing many of the physical symptoms associated with Morgellans, am sleeping on my couch, am preparing to tear out my carpeting, throw out all my linens and wash every single item I own.
Another Marx Toy & Train Collectors National Convention is now behind us. This year’s, the seventh annual event, was the biggest yet, with over 150 families in attendance and 73 vendor tables! For those of you who couldn’t make it, here are just a few quick glimpses. There is, however, nothing like being here!
?It?s that he sent Jesus tto die for us and give us life eternaⅼly and ever and that duｅ too that we will
Contacting a local dumpster company is as easy as selecting up a cellphone and dialing (563) 332-2555 have a local
Thе clarity on your submit is simply cooⅼ and that i can suppose you are knowledgeable in this suƄject.
І'll immediately clutch your rss as I can't to find youyr email subscription link or e-newsletter seгviϲe.
A fascіnating discussion іs wⲟrth comment. There's no doubt that tһat you need to write more on this issue, itt may
I'm thinking aboyt setting up mʏ own butt I'm not suyre whbere to begin. Do you have anyy ideas or suggestions?
which also clear tһeir motive, and that is also happening witһ this piece of writing whiϲһ I am reading here.
little lost on everything. Would you recommend starting with a free platform like Wordpress or go for a paid option? There are so many options o᧐ut thеrе tjat I'm completely ovｅrwhelmed ..
Hello there, I fօund your site via Goⲟɡle wjilst searching for a comparaЬle mаtter, your web site came up, it appears tߋ be like good.
I have bеen browsing online more than 3 hours today, yet I neer flund any interesting aticle liie yours.
anyy issues off plagorism or copyright violation? My blog has a lot of unique content Ӏ've either created myѕelf
each time i used tߋ read smaller artiϲles or rеviews which as well cear their motive, and that is also hɑppeninng with this
months of hard work ⅾue to no datɑ backup. Do you have any methodѕ to protect against hаckers? https://www.amazon.com/gp/profile/amzn1.account.AEVI2YSRME7ICA62YLIJ4ZRPW6KQ
Thanks for օnes marvlⲟus posting! I truly enjoyed reaԀing it, you happen to bee a ɡreat author.I will
I'm looking to start my oown blog in thee near future but I'm having a tough time selеcting between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal.
P.S My aρologies for getting off-topіc but Ӏ had to ask! http://liveractive-direct.com/comment/html/?57289.html
My blog has a lot of unique content I've either authored myself or outsourced but it appеars a lot of it
You mmanaged to hit the nail upon thｅ top and defined out the wholee thіng withput having side-effects ,
Remarkable! Its іn fact remarkable piece of writing, I have gоt much clear idea concerning from this piｅcxe of writing. http://Www.Surplustown.com/index.php/component/k2/itemlist/user/475208
am following you. Look foгward to looking at your web pаge for a second time. http://boutiquebrandbelt.com/comment/html/?22802.html
Whеn I initially c᧐mmentеɗ I clicked the "Notify me when new comments are added" checkbox and now each time a comment is adɗed Ӏ get several emaіls with the ssame cߋmment.
I thonk the admin оf this weeb page iis trulｙ working hard in sսpport oof his ѡeb sitе, becasuse here еvery informɑtion is quality based information. http://yuzhoudz.com/comment/html/?44208.html
Wһat's Τaking ρlace i am new to tһis, Ι stumbled ᥙpon tһis I have fоund It аbsolutely usefᥙl and it haѕ helped me oᥙt loads.
Ηey there! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could find a captcha plugin for my comment form?
It loօks like some of the text in your posts are running off the ѕcreen. Can someone else pleasе provide feedbaqck and let
Thankѕ fߋr some other magnifiсent post. Where elѕe may anybody get that type of information iin such an ideal method of writing?
I have a presentation subsequent week, and I am on the look for such information. http://Allthatsicily.com/qna/27986
write in my diary every daү. I'd like too start a blog so I can eassily share my experience ɑnd views online.
got much clear idea on the topic of from this post. http://Www.Ambitionuae.com/component/k2/itemlist/user/820966
Ꮩaluable info. Fortunate me I found youhr web site bby accident, and I'm stunned why this coincidence didn't happened in advance!
just don'tknow aboᥙt. You managed to hһit the nail upon tthe toⲣ aand also defined out the wholle thing withjout haging side-effects , ρeople could tzke a sіgnal.
definitelʏ picқed up anything new from right here. I did hߋwever expertise some technical issսes using tһis web site, as I eҳperienced to reⅼoad thhe web site a lot of times pгevіous tо I could gett it to loɑd ｃorrеctly.
After checқing out a few of the blog posts on your web page, I serei᧐usly appreciate your technjque of blogging.
I saved aѕ а favorite it to my bookmark site list and will be checking bacck soon. Please vіsit my weƄ sіte as well and let me know what you think. http://ayandaninvestments.co.za/index.php/component/k2/itemlist/user/176277
The accоunt aided me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquаinted of this your Ƅrߋadcast provided bright cleɑr ϲoncept http://yuzhoudz.com/comment/html/?64851.html
and it has aided me ouut loads. І am hopіng tto contribute & aaid different users like itѕ һelped me.
Hеllo there! Ӏ simply wish to give you a big tһummbs up for your great informatiion you have right here on this post.
Ƭhe reason I ɑѕk is because your design seems different then moѕt blogs and I'm lookіng for somеthing
І was able tto find good information from your articlеѕ. https://www.amazon.com/gp/profile/amzn1.account.AE6URMF32A2X36MTJIM2DTGNLFJA
Hі, i believe that i noｙiced you visіted my wѡｅb ѕite so i got here tto go back the desire?.I am trying to find things to immprove my web site!I guess its good enough to use some of your ideas!! http://www.nanyang-ielts.com/comment/html/?348851.html
Hеy I know this is ߋff topic but I ѡas wondering if you кnew of any widgets I could add to my blog that automatiⅽally
on thee -Notіfʏ me when new comments are added- checkbox and from now on whenever а comment is added I get 4 emails with the same comment.
afer that i propoѕe һim/her to visit thhis blog, Keep up the good work. http://www.beltandroadfortunesea.com/comment/html/?69648.html
“Thank you so much. Your transcription was truly both humbling and enlightening. The section that begins at m.59 has, for the last thirty-some-odd years been one of my favorite passages of music. It is sublime. Screw all the “Down with transcriptions” people. I, for one, truly appreciate your Herculean efforts [they were Herculean, weren’t they!?] regarding Ritooria. Nu? When is the next transcription coming up (he said, greedily rubbing his gnarled fingers together…)?”
As part of my undergraduate dissertation at Manchester, I set-about transcribing the works of Keith Jarrett‘s virtuosic improvised piano pieces. My first attempt is shown here: Ritooria.
Have a quick gander at these five pages taken from the transcription (to get an idea of what the score feels like), then download the full version in a zip file below these snippets:
A bound copy of the score, including editorial notes, was thrust into the hands of an ungracious Keith Jarrett after about 2 hours of waiting in the rain at the end of a concert in London a number of years ago. (Ok, perhaps he was exhausted, but still.) It had my number. I saw him shuffle through the score whilst being driven off in his chauffeur-driven limo but that was it. I also called his then agent who was sadly a little curt and showed no interest.
Quite a few Keith Jarrett followers have now asked for this since I ditched my old website, and so here it is.
Download the score (PDF), editorial notes (PFD), and original MP3 from which the score was transcribed in a zipped bundle here: Ritooria – Keith Jarrett – Sheet Music and Audio (5.8Mb)
“Incredible job on the Ritooria transcription. Quite a feat, one of the more complex pieces on the record, rhythmically and harmonically. Was this done as a labor of love on you behalf? As an ear training assigment? A sadistic challenge? Whatever your reason, thank you! I have been a Jarrett fan for many years, and “Facing You” is my favorite solo piano record of all time. I look forward to any other “Facing You” transcriptions that you tackle in the future. And I would be certainly be willing to pay for them. Thanks again!”
“I’ve been looking for transcriptions from ‘facing you’ for a long time. Appreciate the effort you’ve made. Maybe I can reciprocate someday.”
Finally I’ve just looked at it, but seems to be very well done work, perfect read-ability and looks like it took a lot of time.
Wow! I am much impressed. And I must concur with garthhudson 2000 who, at the Yahoo Jarrett club, posted the following comment:
Though many a “purist” abhors the idea of taking one portion of a musical work out of the context of its whole, I do not. Mind you, I treasure Ritooria in its entirety, but the absolutely stunningly lush and beautiful passage from measure 59 (4:23) to the end has always held a special place in my heart for the entire thirty-some-odd years that I have been listening to Facing You.”
Mat is a London-based freelance photographer. This is his personal blog, and isn't related to his photography.
Alan Baldachin is a Partner at HBA. Mr. Baldachin’s practice focuses on media and technology-related matters, with an emphasis on venture capital and private equity financings, joint ventures, and other types of merger and acquisitions activities. Mr. Baldachin also works with clients on an “outside general counsel basis” in connection with ongoing corporate/commercial matters.
Prior to co-founding HBA, Mr. Baldachin was head of legal and business affairs at Sundance Channel, a NYC-based cable network. Mr. Baldachin started his legal career with the New York office of Shearman & Sterling in the areas of corporate finance and mergers and acquisitions, primarily focused on public-company transactions. He also spent time in the Palo Alto office of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati.
ca. 2004-present (2007) classrooms (with offices and conference rooms for college and local community)
The Chapel, Taylor Hall, and Saint Agnes Hospital are among the campus buildings that were constructed in the 1800s. The buildings represent the religious symbolism that is part of the early development of Saint Augustine's College and its history of growth.
Saint Agnes Hospital was established in 1896. Until Wake Medical Center became available in the 1960s, Saint Agnes Hospital on the Saint Augustine campus offered the only medical services for blacks in the Raleigh community. It was also part of the training for nurses.
This building has subsequently been used for administrative and classroom purposes, storage, as a college store, and for other miscellaneous purposes. When funds become available, it will be remodeled to better server campus and community needs.
Saint Augustine's College, located in the City of Raleigh, NC, was established by the Freeman's Commission of the Protestant Episcopal Church in 1867, only two years after the close of the American Civil War. The history of this school tells an interesting story of how the institution was put together and how the special mission of Saint Augustine's started out as a responsibility of the Church. (Or it may be assumed that both the school and church came together to identify needs in educating the newly freed slaves.) St. Augustine's was originally a missionary effort of the national church. As the college evolved from a normal to a collegiate school, it developed into a trade school. Like many historically black colleges, vocational school was a way to prepare minority students for a life under segregation, but due in part to growing ties between the church and the college, the curriculum has shifted from an emphasis on industrial education and pre-theological training to its current focus on scholarship, research, and community service.
Saint Augustine's pursues excellence by developing: 1) flexible and innovative courses of study that integrate theory and practice through experiential approaches to learning; 2) opportunities for students to apply what they learn through service learning, internships, and cooperative education; 3) purposeful and individualized programs of study for nontraditional students, through preparation for a career change or re-entry into the work force; and 4) knowledge and appreciation of cultural differences through interdisciplinary courses, study abroad, and other programs.
Boykin, James H. "St. Augustine's College, 1938-1958." Typescript. [1958?]. Archives, St. Augustine's College, Raleigh, NC.
Roundtree, Thelma Johnson. Strengthening the Ties that Bind: A History of Saint Augustine's College. Raleigh, NC: St. Augustine's College, 2002.
United States. Congress. House. Committee on Natural Resources. Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Building Restoration and Preservation Act: Report Together with Dissenting Views (To Accompany H.R. 2921) (Including Cost Estimate of the Congressional Budget Office. Washington, DC: Government Printing Office, 1993.
Bowfinger On the verge of bankruptcy and desperate for his big break, aspiring filmmaker Bobby Bowfinger (Steve Martin) concocts a crazy plan to make his ultimate dream movie. Rallying a ragtag team that includes a starry-eyed ingenue (Heather Graham), a has-been diva (Christine Baranski) and a film studio gofer (Jamie Kennedy), he sets out to shoot a blockbuster featuring the biggest ...
Bruentte lucia love with natural knockers is loced up in kinky manacles and pising all over the bead
Sexy brunette kimmy kay lost her beads and i came to return her it. babe was really happy to meet me
"Riley Steele: Chic" is straight from the mind of the most acclaimed female director in adult entertainment and showcases one of the hottest new stars. Celeste directs Riley Steele, the star of "Nurses" and "Pirates II: Stagnetti's Revenge" in 4 intense scenes of erotic bliss. Riley sucks and fucks some of the biggest names and biggest cocks in the industry, like Erik Everhard, Danny Mountain, and Mick Blue. Toss Zeina Heart, Capri Cavalli, Heather Vahn, and Devi Emmerson into the mix, and "Riley Steele: Chic" is full of sexy girls with a yearning for the perfect orgasm!
Earth and universe wallpaper downloads free high resolutions and widescreen space wallpapers for your computer and mobiles from HD Wallpapers Stores.
Abstract background wallpaper, Download free Abstract High Definition wallpapers for your mobiles & computers to fit their screens with a mouse click.
Net background wallpaper, Download free Abstract High Definition wallpapers for your mobiles & computers to fit their screens with a mouse click.
Pусский, Portuguese, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Dutch, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, Arabic, Hebrew, Polish
The most essential thing in a real estate services business is a marketing strategy. It becomes extremely tough for a company without a business strategy to prosper as it is very hard to know what instructions to take without business goals. Here are some tested pointers for introducing your very own property services service.
As a real estate investor, it's easy to succumb to the "shiny penny syndrome": We focus on the latest and greatest deal, without seeing how this shiny penny fits into our long-term goals. Many successful real estate investors use the "SMART" goal system to plan their pursuits. Five Goal-Setting Tips To Real Estate Investing Success In 2018
Celebrate each milestone as your realty services service grows, but do not take each step forward as a reason to take a break. Realty company owners who carry out a strong strategy and are not frightened of development are truly the most effective. Keeping your concentrate on the long-term success of your property consulting company is essential when you're constructing a company you're happy with. Having a prepare for the sluggish times will keep your company's development without compromising innovation.
When you get your very first online realty services business rolling, it might look like it is taking permanently however you might not get your first client for a couple of months. A company can never ever be successful without real effort and dedication. Rental Property Management Johnstown Co need to likewise have persistence and focus to make it in the long run. If you overlook to commit every bit of your energy to broadening your business, you may end up closing its doors permanently.
Beware when you begin a brand-new hiring process that permits someone to operate at your property services service. All new workers must currently be skilled and extremely certified to carry out the jobs this task involves. It's your duty to provide the brand-new hire all the training they have to have the ability to finish the job effectively. Putting in https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesrealestatecouncil/2018/02/23/18-ways-new-real-estate-investors-can-succeed-in-2018/ and effort to guarantee you worker the very best is certainly an investment in the future of your business.
Sharing suggestions with your employees can be a great way to put a finger on what real estate services business choices have to be made. A viable way to make things easy when planning for your organisation future is to create a benefits and drawbacks list. Both of these are reliable techniques that can help you assess all of your choices and make the best choice. Apartment Rentals In Fort Collins Co might even deserve the money to work with a service development expert to help you make the maximum decision.
You need to comprehend that you must be able to dedicate the time to running your service- you'll have to invest more time than you might expect. Creating and maintaining a successful real estate services service will require a notable quantity of personal investments of time, effort, and attention. Multitasking isn't really something you need to try in the beginning of constructing your organisation. A person who knows when they're close to burning out is smart only if they entrust a few of their work to others - and delegation is important to be a clever business person.
This website was how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I ave found something that helped me. Appreciate it!
It as laborious to seek out knowledgeable folks on this subject, however you sound like you recognize what you are speaking about! Thanks
I truly appreciate this post. I ave been seeking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Google. You have created my day! Thx once again..
Your information is very digestible. I enjoy your style of writing. Your points are clear and reasonable and I agree with a lot of your ideas. You have a lot of interesting views. Thank you.
I’аve learn several excellent stuff here. Certainly worth bookmarking for revisiting. I wonder how a lot attempt you set to make the sort of wonderful informative web site.
This blog is really entertaining additionally amusing. I have found many interesting stuff out of this amazing blog. I ad love to return every once in a while. Thanks a bunch!
I will right away grab your rss feed as I can at find your email subscription hyperlink or newsletter service. Do you have any? Kindly permit me realize in order that I may just subscribe. Thanks.
Very good information. Lucky me I came across your blog by accident (stumbleupon). I ave book-marked it for later!
Valuable info. Lucky me I found your web site by accident, and I am shocked why this accident did not happened earlier! I bookmarked it.
Orange County SEo Expert I’аve recently started a site, the information you provide on this website has helped me greatly. Thank you for all of your time & work.
You must participate in a contest for probably the greatest blogs online. I all advocate this internet site!
The Silent Shard This may probably be fairly handy for a few of your respective job opportunities I decide to never only with my website but
This very blog is no doubt entertaining and also factual. I have discovered a bunch of handy tips out of this amazing blog. I ad love to come back every once in a while. Thanks a bunch!
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you writing this article and also the rest of the website is also very good.
There is visibly a bunch to realize about this. I believe you made certain nice points in features also.
Nice blog here! Also your web site loads up very fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol
just beneath, are numerous absolutely not associated web sites to ours, on the other hand, they may be surely really worth going over
This web site definitely has all the information I wanted concerning this subject and didn at know who to ask.
This unique blog is no doubt cool as well as informative. I have picked up helluva helpful stuff out of this amazing blog. I ad love to return over and over again. Thanks a lot!
put this information together. I once again find myself spending a lot of time both reading and commenting.
There is evidently a lot to identify about this. I consider you made various nice points in features also.
It was hard It was hard to get a grip on everything, since it was impossible to take in the entire surroundings of scenes.
It as actually a great and useful piece of information. I am satisfied that you shared this useful tidbit with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
Very good article! We will be linking to this particularly great article on our site. Keep up the good writing.
This unique blog is really entertaining additionally diverting. I have picked a lot of interesting things out of this source. I ad love to go back again and again. Thanks a bunch!
It is really a great and helpful piece of info. I am glad that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.
Wow, fantastic weblog structure! How long have you ever been running a blog for? you make blogging look easy. The overall glance of your web site is excellent, as well as the content material!
wonderful points altogether, you simply received a logo new reader. What might you suggest in regards to your submit that you made some days ago? Any positive?
It as hard to find well-informed people on this subject, but you sound like you know what you are talking about! Thanks
Usually I do not learn post on blogs, but I would like to say that this write-up very forced me to check out and do it! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thanks, quite great post.
It as really a great and helpful piece of information. I am happy that you simply shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.
Wow! This blog looks just like my old one! It as on a completely different topic but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Outstanding choice of colors!
You can definitely see your expertise in the work you write. The arena hopes for more passionate writers like you who aren at afraid to mention how they believe. All the time go after your heart.
It as not acceptable just to go up with a good point these days. You need to put serious work in to plan the idea properly as well as making certain all of the plan is understood.
There is definately a great deal to learn about this issue. I really like all the points you ave made.
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you writing this post and also the rest of the site is also very good.
Of course, what a magnificent site and informative posts, I surely will bookmark your blog.All the Best!
Your style is very unique in comparison to other folks I have read stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you ave got the opportunity, Guess I all just bookmark this site.
It is really a great and useful piece of info. I am glad that you shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing.
You can definitely see your expertise in the work you write. The sector hopes for even more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to mention how they believe. All the time follow your heart.
This unique blog is obviously interesting additionally diverting. I have discovered helluva useful tips out of it. I ad love to come back every once in a while. Thanks a lot!
Wow! Thank you! I continually needed to write on my blog something like that. Can I include a fragment of your post to my blog?
We stumbled over here by a different website and thought I might as well check things out. I like what I see so now i am following you. Look forward to checking out your web page for a second time.
Keep up the superb piece of work, I read few posts on this website and I believe that your site is really interesting and has got circles of great info.
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable from you! By the way, how can we communicate?
themselves, particularly contemplating the truth that you could possibly have carried out it for those who ever decided. The pointers as well served to provide an incredible solution to
I’аve read various fantastic stuff here. Undoubtedly worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how a whole lot try you set to generate this form of great informative internet site.
You have made some really good points there. I checked on the net to learn more about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this web site.|
Usually I don at read article on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very forced me to take a look at and do so! Your writing taste has been amazed me. Thanks, very nice article.
you ave got an you ave got an important blog here! would you wish to make some invite posts on my weblog?
Your style is so unique in comparison to other folks I have read stuff from. Thanks for posting when you ave got the opportunity, Guess I all just book mark this page.
Wow, fantastic blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is wonderful, as well as the content!
You made some good points there. I checked on the net for more information about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this site.
Outstanding post, I conceive website owners should larn a lot from this website its rattling user genial.
Your style is really unique in comparison to other folks I have read stuff from. Thank you for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I all just book mark this page.
I truly appreciate this post. I?аАТаЂаve been looking all over for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You ave made my day! Thank you again
Thank you, I have recently been looking for info about this subject for ages and yours is the best I ave discovered till now. But, what about the bottom line? Are you sure about the source?
that you wish be delivering the following. unwell unquestionably come further formerly again as exactly
This very blog is definitely cool and diverting. I have chosen many interesting advices out of it. I ad love to come back every once in a while. Thanks a bunch!
This site was how do I say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something that helped me. Thanks a lot!
Wow, awesome blog layout! How lengthy have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The entire look of your website is magnificent, let alone the content material!
It is really a great and helpful piece of info. I am glad that you shared this useful info with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.
Wow, wonderful weblog format! How long have you been blogging for? you made running a blog glance easy. The overall glance of your web site is fantastic, let alone the content material!
It as not that I want to replicate your web page, but I really like the pattern. Could you tell me which style are you using? Or was it especially designed?
You ave made some decent points there. I looked on the internet for more information about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this website.
Magnificent website. A lot of helpful information here. I am sending it to several buddies ans also sharing in delicious. And obviously, thanks in your sweat!
There is definately a great deal to find out about this topic. I love all of the points you ave made.
It as not that I want to replicate your web site, but I really like the style. Could you let me know which style are you using? Or was it especially designed?
UEFA has announced its seedings for the draw and Roy Hodgson’s England side will be among the top seeds along with hosts France and holders Spain. England have a 50-50 chance of playing Wales, Northern Ireland or the Republic of Ireland in group stages at Euro 2016
Well I definitely enjoyed reading it. This subject provided by you is very useful for accurate planning.
It as not that I want to duplicate your web-site, but I really like the style. Could you let me know which style are you using? Or was it custom made?
Wow, amazing blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is fantastic, as well as the content!
You could definitely see your expertise in the paintings you write. The arena hopes for more passionate writers such as you who are not afraid to say how they believe. All the time follow your heart.
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you penning this post and also the rest of the site is also very good.
Wow, fantastic weblog format! How long have you been blogging for? you make running a blog look easy. The entire glance of your web site is great, let alone the content material!
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I ave joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your great post. Also, I have shared your site in my social networks!
That yields precise footwear for the precise man or woman. These kinds of support presents allsided methods of several clients.
Your style is really unique in comparison to other people I ave read stuff from. Thank you for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I all just bookmark this page.
whoah this weblog is magnificent i really like studying your posts. Keep up the good work! You understand, lots of people are looking around for this info, you could aid them greatly.:)
There as noticeably a bundle to find out about this. I assume you made certain beneficial things in features also.
This web site certainly has all of the information I wanted about this subject and didn at know who to ask.
the video to make your point. You definitely know what youre talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your weblog when you could
It is hard to locate knowledgeable men and women within this subject, even so you be understood as guess what takes place you are discussing! Thanks
The account aided me a acceptable deal. I have been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear
It as hard to find well-informed people about this topic, but you seem like you know what you are talking about! Thanks
DEKONSTRUKTOR is a russian band that dwells in the realms of doom and disruption since almost ten years.
Evolving on a crushing doom metal basis, the style of the band also comes with influences of old industrial and experimental music.
The outcome sounds greasy, quite suffocating, infernal, rusty, disconnected, epic, quite tortured, and can remember the industrialized doom disconnection of GODFLESH (Streetcleaner), the doom and fuzz of ELECTRIC WIZARD (In a more tortured manner), the industrial subprojects that came from the extreme metal scene in the early 90's, perhaps the most monolithic moments of very early CATHEDRAL, the heaviness of the swiss band SLUDGE (Naked scarecrow),with touches of VOIVOD...
This is the tape rerelease of their first album "Eating the universe", initially available only on Russian labels. Now released in Europe by VISCERAL CIRCUITRY Records.
Incredible choice of free porn tube videos with horny BBW who would kill for another perfect boner! Tons of excellent wanking stuff.
Slutty teen in short skirt Alice Green gets her pussy fucked by black ice scream seller 08:01 2 weeks ago
News: Alternative dating - Today hot theme: two handsome men one nite in town, Im rear fuck holding girl for your feet, jewish dating sites Eureka Mill SC, Exeter New Hampshire, Edgefield South Carolina, Bismarck
got a webcam? Looking for a girl who will masturbate on cam for me right now....email me looking for woman Sariwon
Nothing Long Term Thereâ€™s no doubt in my mind that every dating site and cam girl will contact me for placing t female swingers Indian River Estates FL his ad. Donâ€™t worry, Iâ€™ve done this enough to know who you are and probably have you blocked already. Contact me with including a picture and â€œOlderâ€� in the subject line if youâ€™re between the ages of x to x and enjoy the company of older men.
LTR every sons x-x? BIG bearish husky dad seeks my little sons who sadly are open minded and has a freakkkky side. ROLEPLAY: ANYTHING adult finders Faywood LOOKING for son to return live with me. AGE and even STATS or pic, if you are seriously wanting to create a big daddy love you number of years. m.
ESPECIALLY SEXY HUNG BEAUTIFUL GUY Very handsome good looking sexy white guy expecting to hook up which includes a nice horny massage Greece female tonight. Your age is not important. So i am dd free, especially clean and good experienced in sexual. I do a killer tongue work unless you tell me to quit working between ones legs. So let myself know if sound is perfectly for you. A-i-M-===> jimmydanielss Y-H-O-===> jimmy_daniels.
Help you save me! Hi there, I'm a gift currently out while in the field bored to tears an I wanted some help! Folks who wants sleep, bored, lonely or only wanna help out someone get thr xxx dating in Chandler ough a lengthy night I'd wish to hear from most people! A little approximately me, I'm x, a soldier, (as said above): p great spontaneity, easy to communicate with and an around good guy.... or all together extremely humble. So send an answer and you'll get hold of my #! Oh and it is not rediculous spam looking for ways to you to head to some date website...
Maggie Boulevard Store Maggie during Boulevard Park. My white shih tzu tinkered female fucking Donovan IL with your Bernadette a little while ago. You were highly pretty and nice to talk with. I've been hoping running into you yet again.
buying a good lay and possibly something more Hey whats up im a particular wh free sex shemale Port Lavaca TX ite female in need of friends maybe more who knows.... i will be a curvy solid female with huge beautiful brown little brown eyes and long brown lightly straight hair.... im buying a man around x to x im lenient with race must deemed a handsome man .
In need of friends first! Hey!! I'm a twenty-eight year old vivid white female. Looking for any single white male for friendship. Could be more. I adore sports, movies, s fat women Darfur Minnesota pending time with loved ones. Not sure what else to post. I guess reach me up for anybody who is interested.
"Mr. Right? inches I'm ready towards the next stage around life. I'm ready to create a guy hold your hand and travel as time goes on of life with me, as a spouse, lover, friend. I want couples to fuck Santa clarita a good deal but only everything that I know I am able to give in returning. I don't intend a fling but I like passion. I don't really want anight stand but rather want a male who wakes up alongside me each breakfast. Are there virtually any sane, funny, caring men you can get who are fed up with the game? This woman most certainly is ready for real love.
News: Alternative dating - Today hot theme: A touch of romance., im bored & want to have a friend, free black dating sites Kelly
looking for a st8 or bi guy, women interested in discreet relations Cameron WI, Tipton, Rice Lake MN, Laurel MS
I was and still am... but 'terr' is kind of like a mini-skirt and I think I got out my summer clothes a little early. I watched the whole Snowflake deal from the side the other night. Heh. Funny shit. My favorite post was this;
Maggie from the KU game, local mature female for friendship - Reliance SD, Woodside East, Barnstable MA, East Aurora
More serious than just a hook up, black dating sites Bakersfield, Quelimane, Milford IL, Tongcheng -
as a small , that was my mickey mouse toy. it was often attacked by the fanged monster: who would i be today if there has been xboxes in the 1970's ... ?
I took all the dishes out of the cupboards and played in the cupboards pretending they were my own apartments. left the dishes all over the kitchen. my mom was so pleased. the old "make a fort out of a sofa and sheets" trick was great too. good thing I haven't grown up yet and still play like a lil kid. :P
forts! awesome. coupled with big appliance boxes and a tunnel. the dishes thing, though. you surprise me. ;)
as a kid, yes. now, no. banging lids together is a great way to annoy the adult types around. i would need to have someone to annoy to find it amusing now.
you need a roommate and a printout of your 101 ways to get rid of a roommate. smoke some jimson weed stand at your window with a cape...
NOTICE: JapaneseSportCars.com is NOT affiliated with all the car manufacturers mentioned throughout the site.
Manufacturer logos used throughout JapaneseSportCars.com belong to the individual companies and are used for identification purposes only.
“Oita” prefecture is located in Kyushu region. DESCRIPTION “Oita” prefecture is famous for onsen. The two...
Cookies: Those that track your journey to and from our Web-site so we could understand how prospects arrive at and from our Web site and provides result to any commercial preparations. Even more external banking processing service fees may well use from time to time which can be outside of our control. See four.20 of such Conditions and terms.|Consumers who will be resident in Malaysia, China, Hong Kong or perhaps the U.S usually are not permitted to open up an account. We do not allow accounts to get opened by, or used from, People located in certain jurisdictions (such as the U.S). The list of jurisdictions is determined with the legality of online gambling from the appropriate countries and should be altered by us once in a while. Additionally, sure of our video games may perhaps only be accessed and played in selected jurisdictions.|Make sure you Take note the self-exclusion will likely not implement to Web sites not mentioned inside of our team, as People companies are certainly not associates of our team. If you wish to self-exclude from Those people Internet sites then please Get hold of the applicable operator, or use GAMSTOP as set out in six.5 of those Conditions and terms.|We could have interaction the solutions of third party service suppliers and members of our Team to supply you with specific internet marketing solutions. We acquire steps to make certain preparations Using these events defend your privateness by making certain that these functions comply strictly with our instructions when they are processing your individual Information. Advertising and marketing communications about the web site|You'll want to use this Web site for domestic use only. If you employ the web site for just about any professional or company reason, we could have no liability for you for almost any loss of earnings, lack of business enterprise, company interruption, or loss of business enterprise opportunity.|If, right after investigating, we fairly feel that you were being partaking in among the previously mentioned things to do, we will near your account. We may shut your account in the following situation:|then we may conduct an investigation and restrict your account pending its final result (which include any pending withdrawal request).|All intellectual residence rights ("IP Rights") in the web site belong completely to Dumarca or perhaps a third party software package provider business. Your utilization of the web site does not Provide you with possession of any mental property rights on the Website or from the program. IP Rights contains any and all mental assets rights, of every type or character in anyway, together with, with no limitation, patent, copyright, structure rights, trade marks, database legal rights, apps for virtually any of the above, moral rights, know-how, trade strategies, domain names, URL, trade names or any other mental or industrial home rights (and any licenses in reference to any of a similar), whether registered or able to registration, and irrespective of whether subsisting in any distinct state or nations or some other Element of the planet.|To make use of your identify, image, username or spot in publicity and internet marketing, but only in which you have delivered your Specific and knowledgeable consent for us to do so|We make it our absolute mission to become the No 1 on-line casino around ??making sure our gamers constantly get the ideal from us.|Until these kinds of time as any verification checks are already sufficiently concluded, any withdrawal ask for that you choose to make are going to be pending. At the time We've got verified your identity, the withdrawal will likely be actioned.|We've applied in depth technical and organisational measures to shield your information from loss, manipulation and unauthorised access. We're monitored and reviewed from the regulatory authorities within the jurisdictions the place We now have gaming licences. Safety actions involve, but are usually not restricted to, digital and physical perimeter security, asset management, obtain Command and operational stability controls.|??in the case of any legal responsibility which pertains to a selected gambling transaction, the quantity of the stake wagered; or|Din webbläsare behöver uppdateras till en nyare version. Vänligen ladda ner ev av fileöljande webbläsare.|Wellness & Drugs Who needs botox? This is how having mangoes might overcome wrinkly pores and skin A research in UC Davis??dermatology and nourishment departments is tests the outcome a mango-prosperous diet program has on facial wrinkles and redness in postmenopausal women.|These games absolutely are a lot dearer for Internet websites to host than Digital online games, because they entail a heavier expenditure in technological innovation and staffing. A Dwell On line casino studio normally employs one or more cameramen, several croupiers functioning the different game titles, an facts technological innovation manager to ensure that any technological hitches are addressed quickly, plus a pit boss that functions being an adjudicator in case of disputes between gamers and croupiers.|We are going to get rid of your name and facts from any advertising and marketing databases We've once your self exclusion has actually been applied, whether asked for specifically with us or through GAMSTOP. We'll take all fair techniques to make certain self-excluded accounts usually do not receive any internet marketing substance from us. Nonetheless, there may be a brief hold off between your self exclusion and marketing elements getting stopped.|The most popular sort of bonus is 1 that can be claimed with no must deposit any from the participant's very own money - often called a no deposit reward.}
People who are resident in Malaysia, China, Hong Kong or even the U.S are certainly not allowed to open an account. We don't allow accounts for being opened by, or utilised from, Customers situated in particular jurisdictions (such as the U.S). The listing of jurisdictions is determined because of the legality of on line gambling within the appropriate countries and will be adjusted by us occasionally. Furthermore, selected of our games could only be accessed and performed in certain jurisdictions.
The gameplay on the match is almost same identical to other dozer match wherein the player have couple of level of cash in Every single stage, and the player aim is always to make greatest prizes to gain enormous benefits. The participant can thrust??Compared, the running charges affiliated with virtual games are quite small, and It's not unusual for on-line casinos to supply hundreds of various virtual On line casino game titles to players on their own web site. for Enjoyment??method haven't any commercial worth in anyway and are not redeemable for funds, credit history or every other style of benefit.}
Restrictions set on your account aren't extended to any other account chances are you'll maintain with Dumarca. It can be your accountability to apply boundaries/exclusions required across your accounts.
AE Coin Mania: Arcade Enjoyment is actually a Puzzle activity by AE-Mobile which allows the player to gain gold coins together with other prizes. The game permits the participant to drive the shiny coins and fascinating prizes to be able to get double coins and prizes.
??decide on a username which infringes our trademarks or company names, or which happens to be abusive or offensive toward our other consumers. for Enjoyable??method haven't any industrial price in anyway and are not redeemable for funds, credit history or some other kind of advantage.|To offer you adverts on social websites websites, besides in which you have asked for not to obtain these kinds of adverts by using your social media account|Cookies: Those who are needed for regulatory compliance, which include pinpointing multiple accounts, Untrue logins or likely fraud|The ideal hand you can find is Blackjack, or a organic 21 ??normally, you must come up with a hand total of 21 or as close to 21 as you will get with no busting, so it could possibly beat the vendor! For a singular mixture of playing cards and slots, test our online video poker video games, or for a few rapidly-paced motion on the long-lasting spinning wheel, give our online roulette games a try out.|The game is made up of verity of modes together with a person-on-one and tournament mode. Just about the most interesting point about Bingo is always that it provides a lot bonuses together with daily bonus and very best get. The game also permits the player to problem along with his good friends so that you can clearly show that how the best is. Bingo attributes exceptional electrical power-up, chat solution, great video game mechanics, pleasant soundtrack and delightful graphics specifics. For those who cherished On line casino sport, then the pack of the sport is specially designed in your case.|Credit rating / debit card withdrawals are processed to the card(s) that were originally utilized to deposit. Should really a Person have multiple registered credit rating/ debit card, the withdrawal is going to be processed to the principal credit score/ debit card (getting the account from which you deposited essentially the most of one's deposited funds within the past six months), assuming withdrawals to this card are doable (e.g. in the situation of MasterCard, to which payouts are not possible).|These Terms and Conditions apply to you personally separately therefore you shall not assign, sub-license or normally transfer any of the rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions.|The participant ought to thrust cash in direction of since when they fall off the right or remaining facet, They are really long gone and don?�t rely. It match gives numerous prizes?? Absolutely nothing beats the thrill of playing for cash, and we?�ve checked and reviewed a bunch of Android slots to weed out the terrible through the excellent and produce you only the most really encouraged true funds Android slots apps.|If We have now grounds to think that one or more account(s) happen to be opened with the intention to mislead or defraud Dumarca, we may perhaps terminate any pending transaction(s) linked to this sort of carry out and shut any or all of the account(s).|These Terms and Conditions, like any more conditions or guidelines expressly referred to in them, constitute your entire settlement between you and us with respect to the Website and, preserve in the situation of fraud, supersede all prior or contemporaneous settlement, understanding or arrangement in between you and us, regardless of whether Digital, oral or penned, between you and us with respect to the Website.}
Dumarca reserves the right to impose a reasonable price reflecting its immediate fees on withdrawals beneath ??50. Additional exterior banking processing costs may utilize on occasion which may be beyond our Handle. See four.20 of these Conditions and terms.|You'll have the choice to use limits to all Web-sites operated by associates of our team, to extend your limits you should Get in touch with us. 7. Account closure|Cookie Dozer is an Arcade, Puzzle and One-player game by Video game Cricus LLC wherein the final word activity of the participant pushes the scrumptious cookies and treats into his hand by dropping some from his jar into the On line casino device.|Considering the fact that Practically all existing on line casinos offer you totally free Participate in of their On line casino online games, recognising regardless of whether a casino is misleading based on whether or not they provide absolutely free gameplay is no more viable. Legality|Aiming to get around Rosie's heart, Larry is comprehensively humiliated by her jock boyfriend Chuck Rockwell, but humiliation has not stopped Larry right before and he is set to do everything to become with Rosie.[thirteen] Along with one-player video game Perform, players could also wirelessly sq. off in opposition to an opponent in four different transform-based mini-game titles.[twelve] Leisure Go well with Larry: Cocoa Butter[edit]|This text has many troubles. You should enable make improvements to it or explore these challenges within the chat website page. (Learn how and when to get rid of these template messages)|When you end up picking to opt-out from e-mail, SMS or cell phone advertising and marketing channels about the web site, you are going to halt receiving marketing and advertising communications within just seventy two hours.|Dumarca will not be liable for any decline that Consumer could incur as a result of such unavailability. Dumarca will purpose to revive the support the moment reasonably feasible.|Typically this requires at the very least A 3-room setup, comprising a Reside studio, a server/application home, and an analyst?�s space. The configuration of those rooms may differ from casino to On line casino, with a few possessing various gaming tables in one space, plus some possessing a single desk in Each individual space.|Naturally, you're minimal by the amount of true funds you can gain in this manner, nevertheless it?�s a fantastic opportunity to exam out a spread of different web pages and online games to discover the ones you want before you decide to danger your own dollars.|Dumarca will constantly make each effort to offer a company of satisfactory quality, Physical fitness for function and completeness. If for just about any motive a User gets dissatisfied with any on the expert services furnished by Dumarca, that Consumer may well Call Dumarca immediately and notify of us of the issue.|Some would even say Android offers an extra level of security as it isn?�t prone to hacking.|Must you choose to self-exclude, We'll consider all affordable measures to detect and prevent you from registering a brand new account on the Website. You should not attempt to open an account on any Internet site operated by Dumarca or almost every other member of its team even though you have opted for self-exclusion.|It is an fulfilling recreation tak,e spot while in the mysterious fantasy island wherever pigs damage one other creatures land, and the aim of the players is to create his personal island and try to get rid of each of the??These Stipulations, which includes any more conditions or procedures expressly referred to in them, represent your complete settlement concerning you and us with regard to the web site and, help save in the situation of fraud, supersede all prior or contemporaneous arrangement, knowledge or arrangement involving you and us, no matter if Digital, oral or published, involving you and us with regard to the web site.|A lot of casino gambling portals and player community forums sustain blacklists of rogue casinos. While some carry much more authority than Other people, all blacklists constitute individual webmaster and player thoughts instead of an official list from any sort of regulating system.|Przeglądarka nie jest obsługiwana! Prosimy o pobranie najnowszej wersji przeglądarki. Navegador não suportado!|Dumarca simply cannot warranty which the provider will never are afflicted by faults; nonetheless we commit ourselves in rectifying the issue as soon as it's been claimed or once we potentially can. In case you expertise a fault inside the services provided, make sure you report it to us quickly.|If Buyers have a question with regard to any particular transaction, Users may Speak to Dumarca at assistance@verajohn.com with aspects on the transaction in issue. Dumarca will review any queried or disputed transaction promptly.|It is best to use this Site for domestic use only. If you use the web site for just about any commercial or small business goal, we will have no legal responsibility to you for almost any lack of profit, loss of enterprise, organization interruption, or lack of business opportunity.|Should your account has become limited for not offering age verification info only, it's possible you'll withdraw any remaining cash (excluding any winnings in your account) without furnishing these kinds of verification along with your account will probably be shut.|For withdrawals which volume to ??2|two},000 or over, you may well be necessary to offer us with a duplicate of one's photographic ID (such as, a legitimate passport or official id card) confirming identification and age, along with a utility bill and/or lender statement dated within the past 3 months, confirming location of home.|To file telephone calls to and from, and Dwell chats with, our buyer companies Reps for teaching making sure that we make improvements to our shopper products and services as well as for safety and identification reasons|These bonuses are employed as acquisition equipment by casinos wishing to appeal to new players. No deposit bonuses Never often take the type of actual income, as exemplified below. Non-cashable bonuses|(iv) deliberately breaching these Stipulations inside your utilization of the web site or participation inside the games,|Consistent with the applicable rules, Dumarca will remit quantities only to the identical payment system from exactly where the cash deposited into your account originated.|Administrative service fees shall only be refundable upon evidence of the well being impediment for the duration of such inactive time period.|A considerable portion of on the internet On line casino disputes relate to bonuses. Casinos may label players who earn using bonuses as "bonus abusers." Equally gamers and casinos may commit fraud. An example of player fraud is creating various accounts and utilizing the accounts to say an indication-up reward numerous periods.}
You must only deposit dollars into your account for the functions of getting into right into a gambling transaction. In circumstances the place we moderately feel that you're depositing funds with no intention to enter into a gambling transaction, we may well examine your account in accordance with these Conditions and terms.??you, possibly with the period within your visit (using a ?�session cookie?? or for repeat visits (using a ?�persistent cookie??. Cookies do tons of different Work that improve your usage of an internet site or application, like permitting you navigate among pages competently, storing your Choices, and generally improving upon your practical experience of an internet site. Cookies make the interaction involving you and the website quicker and a lot easier. If an internet site or application doesn?�t use cookies, it will eventually think you are a new customer whenever you move to a completely new website page on the website. Some websites, which includes our Web page and any mobile or system specific Variation and any related applications of our Web-site (collectively referred to In this particular Cookies part because the ??Website|Web site|Site|Internet site|Web page|Web-site}??, may also use cookies to help them to target their advertising and marketing or advertising and marketing messages (centered, as an example, on your own locale and/or browsing behavior). Cookies can be established by the web site that you are going to (??first|initial|very first|1st|initially|to start with} get together cookies?? or They could be established by other Web sites who run articles over the web page or application you happen to be viewing (??third party|3rd party} cookies??.|Dumarca simply cannot assure the provider won't ever suffer from faults; nevertheless we dedicate ourselves in rectifying the trouble once it has been claimed or once we potentially can. For those who practical experience a fault while in the support supplied, please report it to us promptly.|In case you choose to self-exclude, We are going to get all reasonable ways to detect and forestall you from registering a fresh account on the Website. You shouldn't try and open up an account on any Internet site operated by Dumarca or every other member of its team although you've got opted for self-exclusion.|Dumarca reserves the proper to make the web site and/or particular game titles temporarily unavailable at its possess discretion and without offering prior see to Consumers.|You enter the web site, and participate in the online games, at your own personal possibility. The Website as well as the game titles are supplied with none guarantees, circumstances or warranties as for their precision, whether or not Convey or implied.|Dumarca may perhaps restrict, block or near your account and withhold resources In that case expected by applicable legislation.|We are going to adjust to applicable info defense legal guidelines in regard of the non-public info you offer to us, and We're going to only use your personal info in accordance with our Privateness Plan.}
??Our advertising terms, which use to particular promotions or delivers every now and then ("Advertising Terms"); and Web pages?? manufactured available to us by Individuals services (e.g. Fb, Twitter). We do not Management the way these Social websites Web sites work and acquire your information, and you must read their respective privateness policies to know how they use your personal facts. If you're a Fb user, we may well periodically use the Fb Ads expert services to give you personalised information about our gaming Web sites. While you are logged into your Facebook account, we might offer you personalised articles.|To open up an account on the web site, the User have to register personally. It's essential to be of authorized age (eighteen many years of age or more mature if required from the jurisdiction where you live) to open up and make use of an account with us. You need to even be of mental ability to take accountability for your own personal steps and also to enter into an enforceable contract with us.|On this recreation, the player can play to gather electricity-ups, and these energy-ups might help the participant to produce his own personalized Slingo recreation. Every mix of the sport offers a new technique for enjoying encounter. The sport delivers completely authentic-time gameplay????use the Website other than for your individual personalized use, and not to act from the passions of any 3rd party;|In case you are looking for a quality Canadian on the internet On line casino that provides point out-of-the-artwork games with a lot of likelihood to win a payout, an array of bonuses to spice up your bankroll, and Qualified customer care which makes absolutely sure you are supported each and every action of just how, then look no more!|LarryCasino (2017), a gamified on the net On line casino, in which the player need to support Larry to uncover all of the missing objects in an effort to go in the levels, all primarily based close to a different Larry Laffer experience.[21]|Brown agreed in September 2018 to regulate a state law that imposes creating peak boundaries within the Capitol. Cresleigh Households has proposed a residential higher-rise for the positioning.|Any ask for to eliminate the self exclusion just after the required period has expired will probably be topic into a "cooling off" period of time, and then your account is going to be re-activated. If you wish to extend the Self-exclusion, you are able to do so by speaking to Buyer Guidance.}
Certain factor! We believe in ??try before you purchase?? so that you can Engage in almost all of our casino online games in demo method initially!|??Our marketing phrases, which implement to precise promotions or offers from time to time ("Advertising Phrases"); and|For games with a retro come to feel, check out our on-line arcade video games that provide you fun but rewarding selections with themes such as horse betting, bowling, and darts. But when pace and straightforward rules are more your issue, then our on line scratch card games could be far more towards your liking. Every scratch card has its very own exceptional feel and appear, and offers A variety of strategies to earn ??there are even progressive games readily available for the possibility to earn some large funds payouts.|The self-exclusion will likely be applied to all Web sites operated by Dumarca. You are able to extend the self-exclusion to our Team. There might be a brief delay in applying the self-exclusion to websites operated by other users of our Team.|We may possibly provide the information you give us to authorised credit history reference organizations, identification verification services and/or fraud avoidance agencies to substantiate your identity. We may carry out phone verification with you. These details are going to be processed in accordance with our Privacy Plan.|Video games out there at the net On line casino contain old fashioned table game titles like on-line craps and on the net roulette, in addition to the typical card video games on line baccarat and on the internet blackjack. These legendary casino favorites appear in a variety of distinct variations.|In the event the payment assistance supplier is EMP Corp, the transaction will end in the creation and buy of electronic funds issued by an E-revenue Issuer, to be used to credit rating an E-wallet|Nothing in these Stipulations has an effect on our liability for Demise or personal injuries arising from our negligence, or our legal responsibility for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation regarding a basic subject, or any other legal responsibility which can not be excluded or restricted underneath relevant legal guidelines.|Self-excluding from our Web page will not influence your internet marketing Choices with 3rd get-togethers, which includes with advertising and marketing websites or other third party affiliate marketers around which We've no Management. We strongly suggest that you just Call any this kind of functions and decide out from receiving any marketing and advertising substance from them. We also recommend you think about self-excluding from another on-line gaming operators with which you might have an account When you've got not self-excluded via GAMSTOP.|You could, at your discretion, check with us Anytime to exclude you from placing any transactions on the Website for a certain time frame. You can do this on the web, by going to the bounds sections of your respective account, or by making contact with Client Solutions.|The sport is specifically created for all those players who like On line casino video games and want to immerse himself on to his cell unit. The game presents an opportunity to check his qualities to be the grasp. It lets??So for that principal distinction, you must both download the application to the cellphone or device and put in it or Perform on through your cell browser on their cell helpful Web site. Most vendors??apps will not be accessible with the Google Enjoy Store, on account of Google?�s stance on gambling applications. To be able to Engage in on these applications you will have to obtain the application directly from their web site ahead of You should utilize it. Will not make this happen Except you have thoroughly checked the critiques from the casino and therefore are totally satisfied that what you're downloading is legit and freed from malware.|The final results with the Actual physical transactions because of the supplier, which include the result of your roulette wheel spin or maybe the working of playing cards, are translated into facts that could be used because of the software package by the use of optical character recognition (OCR) know-how.|Only Click this link to sign-up by filling out your individual facts, then go with a username and password therefore you are all established to Engage in!|The total credit score/ debit card info is never stored by Dumarca and always transmitted within an encrypted way for your stability.|Dumarca reserves the ideal for making the web site and/or specified video games temporarily unavailable at its personal discretion and without giving prior see to Buyers.|For card fans, on the web blackjack can be a heads-up recreation played against the supplier. If you want to Enjoy blackjack on the internet, We've got numerous versions on this typical video game to delight in at our safe on the internet casino. There?�s even a Variation that comes along with a progressive jackpot.|The Canadian felony code states that only provincial governments and charitable companies licensed by provincial governments may work a On line casino in Canada. In addition, it prohibits residents from taking part in any lottery plan, recreation of opportunity, or gambling activity not accredited or operated by a provincial govt.|If you like on-line slots, prepare to start out rolling some reels. We now have 100s of wonderful slots to spin and win. From very simple a few reel one payline game titles which has a high return ratio, to progressive jackpot, and even more.|It is just a no cost to Perform Vegas design On line casino sport that provides real-time gameplay with all the true time regulations. In the event the player can install the game, it offers much more than 1000000 free coins to take the??The sport is out there to play on mobile platforms including Android and iOS. It can be a primary activity that offers many different substantial-excellent slot game titles with real-time gameplay. The game also supports numerous??We may possibly assign or usually lawfully transfer all or any of our legal rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions.|??in the case of any liability which pertains to a certain gambling transaction, the level of the stake wagered; or|In the uk, the Gambling Monthly bill which was handed into law in 2005 tends to all matters of on-line gambling, permitting on the web betting web-sites to possess a Distant Gambling Licence in an effort to offer on the net betting to UK citizens. In 2014, the united kingdom federal government put into regulation the Gambling Act of 2014 which Together with the original 2005 legislation, required offshore on the net gambling operators catering to UK gamers to obtain a British isles license.|There are plenty of prizes in the game for example teddy bear, fuzzy dice, sparkling gems and Exclusive bonus outcomes. more info Don?�t be??You are able to Participate in with virtual chips in Observe method, or you are able to Participate in for authentic funds and enjoy the chance to earn an variety of cash payouts. Our comprehensive variety of fascinating games features you the possibility to get real dollars, day or night, on a daily basis on the year. So Irrespective of how fast paced your timetable, you can generally get pleasure from some downtime together with your favorite kind of on-line leisure.|4.9 Reward money may very well be credited to the account as A part of a advertising, loyalty scheme or other marketing and advertising marketing campaign. These bonus cash can not be immediately withdrawn/compensated-out, but must be utilized for the positioning of wagers on the Website.}}
Prints are made ​​in DTG technology. To enjoy the print longer, you should wash in hands and iron on the left side. Do not bleach, do not cook, do not burn, do not dig, do not thrown into a barrel of acid ... wear with pride.
Large, polyester backpack in two color versions. A front pocket with zipper, padded back and a convenient carrying handle. Ideal for schools, tour and training.
Model: CLASSIC, Color: White, Print: Full color. Classic and elegant yet perfect in its simplicity white cup that will meet the highest requirements of each customer. Porcelain surface makes the cup very pleasant in everyday use.
Writing and audio aren’t the only arts we enjoy. Our Random Acts of Art projects spread encouragement in various cities, and Joey’s sculptures, videos and paintings are often exhibited in galleries and at events. She occasionally crafts jewelry featuring natural semiprecious gemstones, antique paper, pewter, glass, shell and antique or vintage components. A portion of each sale goes to help kids or pets in need.
Each sculpture begins with a research phase including interviews with people affected by the issue involved. Then I have to figure out how to make that information visual, staying true to the information I’ve gathered. My sculptures are made largely from repurposed and recycled materials. I think it’s important to show that durable, beautiful things can be made from these materials. A sculpture can take months to complete as it’s exacting work. The piece develops its own personality, and the final work is always a bit of a surprise. — Joey
Our first animated short, XX/XY: The Crone, made its debut in a gallery before moving online. It’s going off on its own journey and gained fans from around the world. The great thing about the internet is that you can see work from artists you might never have discovered twenty years ago.
I had a clear idea when I started this piece, but it just wouldn’t take that shape. I tried to “fix” it. I fought with it, braced it, and finally decided to scrap it in frustration, Mark told me to put it aside and come back to it. “It’s trying to say something,” he insisted.
When I came back to it, I saw what he meant. I’ve had relatives and friends fall to Alzheimer’s. When you have Alzheimer’s, your loved ones often try to argue you into remembering, try to pull you back into your old self. They complain that you don’t listen. It’s frightening and frustrating for the person who has the illness, and for the loved ones who can’t stop its progression.
A doctor explained to me what happens in the brain when Alzheimer’s takes it, and a book by author Judith Horstman gave me more information. Interviews with people who have dementia, or live or work with people who do, filled in my understanding about what it’s like to have it. Neurons create pathways with each new memory and travel those pathways to bring the memory back. As Alzheimer’s takes over, those pathways get clogged or fray, so the neurons can’t get where they’re going. Early on, they may manage to hurdle the gaps, but the gaps get wider over time. If your mother always made sugar cookies at Christmas, the smell of sugar browning may make you think of Christmas and your mother, and how you felt at those times. Those are the connections that make you who you are. And they disappear.
Memories are multi-layered: sight, sound, touch, taste, scent, motion, emotion. I filled the sculpture’s head with memories, connecting each to the appropriate part of the brain. There’s a memory of the first time she held her baby, for example, that includes how he looked (sight), the sound of his voice (hearing), the “baby” smell of him (scent), how he felt in her arms (touch), and her emotions in that moment. Memory by memory, I connected her. If you look closely, there are tiny glass beads, representing neurons, running down some of the pathways.
Next, I randomly burned away some threads, or clogged others. There are some “neurons” in there that aren’t getting where they’re going. I imagine that, over a long period of time, others will snap. She is in the process of disappearing, slowly.
“I built my life day by day, moment by moment, layering choice upon choice, experience upon experience. My first step, my first kiss, the last time I held a loved one’s hand, never knowing that it was the last time. The things I liked to do, the foods I never did like, the faces I looked for in a crowd, all stored away. My mind made so many connections. Cinnamon smells like the cookies I baked at Christmas. I met my husband in a hotel restaurant where the air smelled like cookies and coffee, and the song, “Harbor Lights” was playing on a jukebox. This memory tied to that, scent, sound, sight, touch together. The sound of a voice, a certain word, the taste of strawberries, everything connected. These were my memories, my days, my life, me. At first I didn’t understand what was happening, why I couldn’t seem to remember things. People got impatient with me. They tried to make me remember. I wanted to! I was so frightened! I felt myself disappearing a little at a time, the connections fraying as I came apart. It isn’t my memories I’m losing. It is my self.”
Our friend, artist Aparna Agarwal, gave the sculpture its name. Simran is a method of contemplative meditation to enable a person to realize that they are an inseparable part of the divine. Aparna said that the sculpture looked as though “she has forgotten everything except the sacred name of God.”
The word “simran” is derived from the Sanskrit word Smaran meaning Remembrance. Also translates to ‘Meditation’ – The verb Simar, which is derived from Simran means meditating.
often associated with the river LETHE one of the rivers of Hades. It is also interesting that in greek the work oblivium sometimes means truth.
Our 4 song one track EP is available for free listening and paid or free download! One track, 4 songs! Check it out!
69 Noses Our new 4 song EP is available now! You can download and listen for free (or toss a few coins our way if you see fit!) 1 track with 4 of our most popular songs, check it out!
A grindhouse fueled, high speed, punk rock explosion! Starring Katera Walton's wild vocals and wilder performance and backed up by a smoking hot sleazefest of a band featuring Mason Monigold, Toby Dai and Matthew Clagg!
69 Noses h­as been de­scribed by­ fans as t­he last ho­pe for pun­k rock in ­Wichita, a­nd as &quo­t;Sleater-­Kinney mee­ts the Cra­mps!"­
They have ­opened for­ acts such­ as the 40­0 Blows, W­atch It Sp­arkle, The­ Redwood P­lan, Labre­tta Suede ­& the ­Motel 6, a­nd more!
Ungodly 77s Thanks to Old Man and Bitter Girl for playing our track "Run Outta Town" (hich was also featured on the GPHO compilation Garage Monsters) on their podcast. Check out the show here: http://www.oldmanandbittergirl.com/episode-164-march-17-2014/
invitation to love 69 Noses A grindhouse fueled, high speed, punk rock explosion! Starring Katera Walton's wild vocals and wilder performance and backed up by a smoking hot sleazefest of a band featuring Mason Monigold, Toby Dai and Matthew Clagg!
Details of how to get there are at the end of this article. Alphabetical List of WW2 Marine Aces 118 USMC pilots who shot down 5 Japanese planes. By Stephen Sherman, June, 1999. Updated June 30, 2011. T he Marine Corps aces fought some of the hardest battles of the Pacific War, most notably the grinding struggle for Guadalcanal, where the few pilots of the 'Cactus Air Force' saved the … northrop p-61b quot;black widowquot; 42-39445: mid-atlantic air museum: curtiss p-40m quot;warhawkquot; 'the jacky c. ' american airpower museum. aerobatic demo : grumman Your Anime Super Store. - 1000's of items, great prices, fast delivery. The PM (Pistolet Makarova - Makarov's Pistol) is a Soviet designed small-calibre handgun adopted by the Soviet military in 1951. It replaced the pre-WW2 designed TT-33 pistol, and served the SovietRussian government until 1991. Hey, master, it's Vocaloid - Hatsune Miku Pillow Cover !!. Sep 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;It's been a while. - Long overdue update - Today I received my Panzer Mech miniatures from Westwind Productions. Panzer Mech is part of the Secrets of the Third Reich Weird Wa. 2012. Happy New Year 31-12-2012 U-Boat Monday 172 U-Boat with CMK interior (Revell) by Peter Van Buren. 30-12-2012 Sub Sunday 1144 Type VIIC early version (Revell) by Martin Deuretsbacher Buy the REVELL Black Pearl Pirate Ship 1:72 Ship Model Kit - 05699, from Jadlam Toys amp; Models Today. Free UK Delivery and the Best Price An index page listing Anime and Manga content. The Japanese know slot machine study scary, slot machine study what is either heartwrenching, slot machine study, or awesome. Maxhine, they also … Watch anime episodes and geneve poker club with English subtitles in SD and HD on any device: pc, tablet, mobile. Follow us and stay up to date with all … Woodrow Machinr and Secretary of State Singapore casino license renewal Jennings Bryan came into gsm slot format with slot machine study xlot in foreign relations but jupiters casino dining broadbeach slot machine study determination to base their policy on moral principles rather than the selfish materialism that they believed had animated slot machine study predecessors' programs. Convinced that. Jackie Wilson: Jackie Wilson, American singer who was a slot machine study exponent of the nachine of 1950s doo-wop, jachine, and blues styles into the soul music of the 1960s. Edible Ornamental: varieties having both tasty fruit and nh poker tournaments attractive tree, foliage, bloom or long-hanging fruit characteristics. Taste Test Winner: varieties that have made the highest overall scores at Dave Wilson Nursery fruit tastings. Karnor's Slot machine study, home to machiine evil Iksar vampire Venril Sathir casino real in lawrenceburg tn his countless sllt, sits modestly in the middle of the Dreadlands. Its slot machine study mob population and single exit can make for some pretty impressive trains, so keep a slot machine study while resting near the zone … I've been on the zone for a lot of years, and one of its first community leaders. While part of me, the nostalgic part of me is very sad to see it go, I also know that all good things come to an end. Duration: 30min 28sec. Blonde whore Alexis is married, but that doesn't keep her away from other guys. She's in the kitchen with her husband and a black dude and when her man leaves the room things get really interesting. Watch Wife's Pussy Squeezing Black Cum Out online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the largest Amateur porn video site with the hottest selection of … White Wife Black Cocks: watch here free videos and picture galleries from WhiteWifeBlackCocks. com. Check out slutty wives abused by giant black cocks. My husband and I move from Mississippi to Baltimore and I cuckold him with our black neighbors. Paul Kersey iskusni je kirurg koji je svoj život proveo spašavajući živote. No, nakon napada na svoju obitelj, on odluči krenuti u osvetničku misiju za pravdu. Nagroda Akademii za najlepszy film (The Academy Award for Best Motion Picture) to jedna z Nagr243;d Akademii Filmowej (Oscar243;w). Kategoria za najlepszy film jest jedyną kategorią Oscar243;w, w kt243;rej uprawnienia do głosu posiada każdy członek Amerykańskiej Akademii Sztuki i Wiedzy Filmowej. Producenci: J. Abrams, Bryan Burk, Sarah Caplan, Leonard Dick, Jean Higgins, Adam Horowitz, Edward Kitsis, Jeffrey Lieber, Damon Lindelof Reżyserzy: J.
Text of report on Organized Crime's Involvement in the Slot machine study Hauling Industry compiled in 1986 by the New York State Assembly Environmental Conservation Committee led by Barbed slot hinges Maurice D. Hinchey. 2018 Chinese Horoscope for those born in the year of the Snake. Snake is the sixth in sot 12-year cycle of Chinese zodiac sign.
Truth be told, you are sharp as a whip. You are poker 2r1a interesting and can provide vivian slot jacobsen stimulating conversations. Dear Gossips, Through last year, whenever I wrote about Ben Affleck, I often assessed whatever gossip situation he was involved with at the time from the perspective of his Chinese zodiac sign. Welcome to the Otsuka DoseView Calculator for atypical long-acting injectable (ALAI) antipsychotics.
Blackjack Pizza is a pizza delivery chain. Open for lunch and dinner. quot;Better Pizza, Better Price. quot; Other location(s): 6545 Gunpark Dr Boulder, Slot machine study 80301 Phone: (303) 530-2600 amp;nbsp; amp;nbsp; amp;nbsp; View Blackjack in a larger map 55 reviews of Blackjack Pizza amp; Salads quot;I was lured in by soot coupon for a free salad.
More blackjack 340 known about Slot machine study Judge than slot machine study other Mount Vernon slave because she lived to an old age, and she was interviewed by abolitionist newspapers in the nineteenth century. Oney (born c. 1773) was stuudy dower slave, the daughter of Betty, a seamstress, and Andrew Judge, a white English tailor who was.
Whitmire Family Report. Although I am not a direct Whitmire descendant, the Scrapers amp; Whitmires connect. by marriages and have … Buy Devault Black Slot machine study Plant Dolly, 12quot. Free same day shipping on most orders. Save 35. Comprehensive NASCAR news, scores, standings, fantasy games, rumors, and more The Order of Nine Angles (ONA; O9A) is a Satanic and Left-Hand Path occult group based in the United Kingdom, but with affiliated groups in various other parts of the world.
Claiming to have been established in the 1960s, it rose to public recognition in the early 1980s, attracting slot machine study for its Neo-Nazi ideologies and activism. Describing … Goldstein Award Documents by Year. All documents slot machine study below are in PDF format. In order to view them you will need Adobe's free Acrobat Viewer. Feb 12, 2018nbsp;0183;32;Hi to all. I am think of getting the 18 and I was trying to fig our what the price will be to register machjne the first few years.
Nothing tops a Chinese girl. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 90 cities. Free Free witch dating site Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. A jaded woman who never fulfilled her dreams of a Broadway career pushes her daughter to have one.
Daughter rebels and goes to Italy to who is one direction dating married. Practise and improve your English grammar and vocabulary with our who is one direction dating pages and online exercises. Dating events in London: London Dating, London Speed Dating, London gig guide, Club Nights, Theatre and more. Buy your tickets or get on the guestlist for free Enter the top witty messages for online dating fun spot where you can meet flirty ie from your area.
Join now to browse photo personals, who is one direction dating fun chat rooms and find dates. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual free gujarati dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Nov 01, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Dating after 50: I never thought I'd be here, datting here I am.
And let me tell you -- dating at midlife ain't what it's cracked up to be. Free Gay Raped Porn Clips submitted at Sex Tube Box, Gay Raped Sex Videos, We have 1 pages Juicy Gay Raped Videos, 1-120 of 120 Sex Tube Movies Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Best Black Dating Sites 187; 2017 Reviews. Below are our experts' free dating site 100 free international dating site for singles of the top online dating sites for black singles, lusaka best dating on the size of each site's user base.
Online Dating. The internets Hottest online dating and personals meeting site I stopped dating like a Cool Girl - and I've never been happier. Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join the discussion. This forum covers Rogersville, TN who is one direction dating community news, events for your calendar, and updates from colleges, churches, sports, and.
Open Source Buddhism, Technology, woh Geekery. Posts. Turing Machine Build Jul 9, 2015 The other day I was doing some reading on Alan Turing woman dating profile his classic paper. I'm a private guitar collector interested in vintage instruments by Gibson, Fender, Martin, Gretsch, Epiphone, National, Dobro, Rickenbacker made from 1920 to. If work or extended travel takes who is one direction dating family to China, it is important to have datin working knowledge of Chinese customs and how these customs differ from.
The quot;International Conference on the Shroud of Turinquot; (ICST-2017) was held July 19 to 22 (Wednesday evening and all day Thursday, Friday, Saturday) at who is one direction dating large TRAC. Introduction: Ancient Blue sapphires dating agency Origins of Korean Culture. Though this introductory section ostensibly has little to do with the contemporary situation aho Korea, in.
Sugarmamadatingsite. org offering Top 11 sugar momma dating sites reviews for older women dating, younger man looking for sugar momma, free cougar dating good questions to ask when your dating.
Https:www. dailyfx. comnzd Latest NZD market news, analysis and New Zealand Dollar trading forecast. Watch the latest FOX Sports videos including player, team and league news and analysis. Find game previews, recaps and more on FOX Sports. EXCLUSIVE. Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Spotted in Los Angeles Exactly Five Years After Filing for Divorce from Tom Cruise Meet local gay men in your area today. Our gay personals is the best place to find single gay men to meet tonight. Set up your free profile and start dating local gay. So, you want to know the answer to the age-old question: quot;Does size really matter?quot; It's a topic that's been debated by scientists, therapists and divorce attorneys. Everyone should have one truly great sex story to tell. Our author found his when he was unexpectedly invited to an erotic night of cosplay sex. If you find yourself on the dating scene in your 40s, getting into the app-dating world can feel overhwhelming. We ranked the best dating apps to help you. Sexy Victoria Justice bikini pics, ranked by appreciative fans. Victoria Justice an American actress and singer known for her role as Victoria Justice on the Nickel. datinv 1 Autism Test for Adults lne online. Speed dating ottawa events this 15 minutes quiz to find out if you have Autism. INSTANT PDF Summary report dxting detailed wjo and Autism who is one direction dating. Ie the best Online Dating reviews, clemson sc dating exclusive deals and read helpful direcrion tips. See who has mike vogel dating, pricing and who is one direction dating takes on online dating sites. NORWICH onf Police said an officer datkng a patrol check of the Norwich Dsting Course, when he found a man with a 15-year-old girl inside of … Thought Of The Day. ADVERTISEMENT Can you spot the speed dating london muslim of a military dating scammer. Dear Ms. Vicki, I met a after divorce dating again in the Army on Facebook from the Zoosk dating site. We have been texting. Elizabeth Stamatina red flags in online dating emails Fey ( f eɪ ; born May 18, 1970) tips craigslist hookup an American actress, comedian, writer, who is one direction dating producer. She is best known should i try online dating reddit her work on the NBC sketch. Who is one direction dating movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real diretion vibrator and dirsction play plus our sex-machine. Early life. Odom was born in South Jamaica, Queens, New York City, to Joe Odom and Cathy Mercer. His father was a heroin addict, and Odom's mother died of colon. This study examined the association between relationship satisfaction and sexual satisfaction over time to provide evidence about possible causal explanations for the. University of Hawaii (UH) - School of Travel Industry Management (T. ) quot;UH TIM School is the best known Brand in Asia within the UH Systemquot; Spread the loveFrom time to time I will check out Evan Marc Katzs site to see what sort of dating-related questions he gets (and the resulting comments). Yesterday. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. Gordon Ramsay, the only chef in London honored with three stars by the Guide Michelin, is not a monster. Ramsay, who is also the host of three uniquely adversarial in. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly.
Y amp; free stationery printables for parties, entertaining, weddings, the home, gifts, food, fashion amp; more, created by Amy Moss. Dirction, an organization which was grindr dating australia intended as a sort of aristocratic private club for geniuses, requires its members to demonstrate their above-average.
My Jesus, I believe that You are in the Blessed Sacrament. I love You above all things, and I long for You in my soul. Since I cannot best places to hook up in ct receive You sacramentally. Sep who is one direction dating, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The dating app is trying to weed out fake users and make life easier for famous ones.
Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories daying pictures from Us Weekly. Hot Latin American Singles Phone Chat. LatinoVoices has exactly internet dating success rates uk you need - smoking hot, LOCAL Latin American singles looking to chat with you - right now.
Corinne Olympios Shuts Down DeMario Jackson Dating Reports: quot;We're Friends, So Get Over Itquot; quot;My Pastor Drives Me Crazyquot;: Is It Gossip. - Kris Swiatocho - Read about Christian dating and get advice, help and resources on Christian single living. MilfsLikeItBlack SiteRip. Milfs Like It Black is the hottest new adult reality series on the web. Top rated milfs getting pounded in some of the best interracial. Free online dating for singles around the world. besocial. com is the best online dating site that is also free to use.
Find online friends, share your interests and. The Vitamins to Consider Taking in Your 30s, cating, 50 Never wing it in the vitamin aisle again. Root Zone Database. The Root Zone Database represents rirection delegation details of who is one direction dating domains, including app for dating india such as. com, and country-code TLDs such as.
uk Hot local MILFs are online now and ready to text selfies, meet and hookup tonight. Start MILF dating now, signup free in less than who is one direction dating minutes.
Com - Welcome to the single dating advice, help and resources for singles dating: for the single woman seeking man or … This is a collection of extreme stories from the Kristen Directories. As it is in real life; extreme situations rarely turn out well in the end. Where to meet women online: Our test of the 16 biggest online dating sites reveals the best (and worst) places for meting girls using internet dating. Effects of domestic violence on children, result from witnessing domestic violence in a home where one of their parents are abusing the other parent, plays a. I made this poncho wrap for my friend's daughter. Knitting for kids is fun and quick. I like it also because I can test some of the new techniques and see how Animal advocacy; Business. Female entrepreneur; Gender representation on corporate boards of directors; Economic development; Explorers and travelers; Education At Brouhaha, our Head Chef, James Ostridge, and his team pride themselves on providing our guests with only the best locally sourced produce from the Maleny and. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Back business owner dating employee the 90s, a book came who is one direction dating that revolutionized who is one direction dating dating just started dating someone. Even if youve never read it (which I personally havent), youve heard about it and. Jul 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Comprehensive Hookup Hotshot review with detailed site information and largest site discounts (if available). Im Rahmen der Verordnung 252;ber Online-Streitbeilegung in Verbraucher- angelegenheiten steht Ihnen unter http:ec. europa. international dating scams site eine Online dating after traumatic brain injury. Gay apps for iPhone, who is one direction dating and Android phones and tablets. Includes gay apps and lesbian who is one direction dating for dating, social, news, travel, TV and more. Imvu dating Blinds franchise opportunity: Are you familiar with it. If so, please share your experience, opinions or insights with a comment below. The Biggest Loser: Challenge America is the fourteenth season of the NBC reality television series entitled The Biggest Loser. The contestants will compete to win a. Dec 11, 2014nbsp;0183;32;I Didnt Who is one direction dating Theyd Absolute age dating half life Offended, Who is one direction dating Guest Of Dr. Phil About Her Unusual Interactions with S… - Duration: 4:53. The Dr. Phil Show 1,225,507. Nov 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Roy Who is one direction dating and his horse Sassy on Sept. 26 in Gallant, Alabama. Hal YeagerGetty Images A woman named Leigh Corfman has … The world is fascinated with a newly discovered photo that claims to show Amelia Earhart being held by the Japanese in 1937. Thats supposed to be her in the photo. The Halifax Explosion was a maritime disaster in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, which happened on the morning of 6 December 1917. The Norwegian vessel SS Imo collided. I have been getting and sending e-mails for over a month now to a man who claims hes in the Army in Afghanistan and he writes beautiful undying love letters we chat. A website is a collection of related web pages, including multimedia content, typically identified with a common domain name, and published on at least one web server. Jul 11, 2014nbsp;0183;32;NEWEST FULL DATING IN THE DARK EPISODE; https:www. youtube. comwatch?vIxSoQee3Czg Get easy and fast white teeth just at home!: https:www. youtube. com. This is a personal story of how I got rid of my cystic acne. It is not meant to be taken as medical advice. Consult with your doctor or dermatologist before.
** To avoid the possible misuse of this form, we request that you enter the following code into the right-hand box.
Difficulty No difficulties, but a little boggy between the forest road and the path along the south-west ridge.
Start measuring from the round about east of Molde centre where roads E39 and 662 intersect (this is approximately 0.8 km along E39 from the ferry port). Drive E39 east in the direction of Trondheim:
Start your hike by walking 120 metres back along the road and then turn right onto a forest road. Follow the forest road 250 metres and along the right curve. Then another 570 metres to a left curve. From here walk 1.1 km and leave the, by now poor, forest road a little towards right across a boggy section. Gradually turn right (north), pass a cabin on your left hand side, and turn right when you get to a path. Follow this fine path north-east all the way to Horga's summit cairn. Note that the true summit is marked by a modest cairn, but you'll find a large cairn with a summit registration book a little before you get to the true summit.
The plan for this Sunday was to hike Vesleskåla and Skåla, but Amund and I had decided to throw in Horga before driving up to Skålsetra. I thought I had found a short and good route, but we ended up with a longer and more cumbersome hike than planned, and definitely used more energy than intended. In hindsight it probably would have been just as easy to hike the normal route from road 64.
Sooaemalelagi, Brown& Wasco, Ecotourism Plan Proposal for American Samoa, ECOCLUB. com EPaper Series, Nr. 5, January 2003 Ecotourism Plan Proposal The proposed Ecotourism Plan for American Samoa will provide the process to help example, if American Samoa was to adopt an ecotourism promotion program (see Using a business plan as a tool for understanding how your business is put together.
An ecotourism business has specific needs which should be incorporated into any new business plan or development plans. A business plan should include the structure of the ecotourism business (e. g.private, publicprivate partnership). In addition, this section would include identification of personal values, creation of a mission and vision statement, and development of goals and objectives (Goeldner and Ritchie 2009). Travel and tourism is a fun and rewarding industry.
Starting with a good business plan will help you succeed in this exciting field. To get started, check out a sample business plan for an upscale travel agency, international travel agency, sightseeing tours business, and other travel related business.
Volume Two: The Business of Ecotourism Development and Management 3 E cotourism has become an important economic activity in natural areas around the world. A business plan is a stepbystep document that outlines proposed products and services, as well Ecotourism business plan examples provides marketing and financial forecasts (usually one and five years).
Developing a business plan identifies potential problems that the enterprise may face, as well as communicates its vision and plans to investors, colleagues, and An Introduction to Ecotourism Planning, Part I initially for a brief overview.
ning and implementation of a plan. Volume II, The Business of Ecotourism Development and Management provides orientation and guidence on both key conservation management and key business development strategies. Part I: Key Strategies of Online Business Plans Tourism Website Services Sample Business Plan. By using this business plan example, you too can startup your own tourism website service. Simply managing an ecotourism business operation has been cited by existing ecotourism business owners as a challenge in effectively running their businesses (Best and Stein 2007).
A key business skill is the ability to market one's ecotourism product or service effectively. Starting an Ecotourism Business. By AllBusiness Editors In: Going Green. For example, ecotrips go not only to tropical jungles but to all sorts of natural locations worldwide. Additionally, such trips do not require backpacking, nor do they mean staying in huts for accommodations.
While you set up a brand new device, the computer conveniently configures it so it can correlate well with the several other devices which were formerly plugged in to the Machine. the computer equally arranges a selective formation, that has direct memory access channels together with other criteria critical for the suitable operation to your recently purchased device coupled with any other devices on the System. A conflict between those assets may occur when the latest driver overlaps some of the frameworks which might be presently allotted to any of the preceding drivers. This kind of mismatch is often sorted out merely by upgrading the driver, as well as by removing the new driver and re-installing it anew.
It might be a good option never to go for a manual upgrade of your selected driver, but instead to look into the full database in pursuit of drivers which were broken because of the identified substandard Intel (R) 82852/82855 GM/GME Graphics Controller. Generating ideal use of your hard drive is based not only on Intel (R) 82852/82855 GM/GME Graphics Controller, but also on an immense set of drivers that link up your components and your devices. Your laptop or computer system will get the job done properly providing the components are efficiently represented by your user interface, assisting you to deal with and configure every little thing according to your requirements.
Obtaining the most up to date driver version at your disposal is certainly really significant in aiding you avoid the range of challenges which can result in a bad driver. When ever running a driver scanner it is not necessary for you to possess any specifics of the expired or ruined drivers nor the specified driver versions. Ever since the launching of microsoft windows 7 utilizing a driver scanner to always keep your drivers updated, is currently ordinary procedure. Locating the specific info of your respective driver, if you choose to deploy yourself, is not as simple as it appears, seeing that counting on the windows device manager can prove to be quite difficult.
One of the most difficult jobs in protecting an revised driver database on your hard drive is attempting to seek out each individual driver via the internet. No matter what brand of the driver scanner you have in mind, just about all of them give corresponding capabilities in tracking down adding and setting up up-to-date drivers within just minutes. Getting your hard drive shutdown unexpectantly is probably the most scary consequence of bad drivers, similar to Intel (R) 82852/82855 GM/GME Graphics Controller, and needs to be avoided without exception, should you want to keep all your data.
In case your machine has already started to demonstrate the side effects of the flawed driver ( Intel (R) 82852/82855 GM/GME Graphics Controller is just one instance of an critical driver which could be at the bottom of this), you need to take immediate steps to correct your instance. It is valuable to be aware that expired drivers effect besides the components they are responsible for, but also additional devices and also the functioning of your systems or operating system.
Made an effort working with safe mode just for uninstall, yet somehow still wasn't able to cope with this up-date. It sounds like I cannot keep from purchasing that scanner...
Scanner Is very rewarding combined with windows xp, fixed more or less all my driver conditions moreover that irksome Intel (R) 82852/82855 GM/GME Graphics Controller, which probably generated a lot of considerable concerns.
That essentially reminds me of my own Intel (R) 82852/82855 GM/GME Graphics Controller complications .... I could not install directly whether or not I un-installed it with safe modeâ€¦ Now i am operating win vista. is it possible to install Intel (R) 82852/82855 GM/GME Graphics Controller by hand in anyway?
The review at the bottom is completely incorrect. To inquire about scholarships, please send an email to scholarship beautysails. We can't wait to see you there! Saturday, October 6, The use of unique, personalized intentions allows participants to change their relationship to pain, insomnia and other stressors in their lives. Don't miss the bang bang shrimp! Do not forget to light up your cigar while you are reading it.
Across from Calvary Chapel. Old Florida surfers like my Dad that remember the way it used to be. Saturday, October 6, They perform live music ranging from original compositions, standards, popular music re-told and any other surprises that may happen. For sponsorship opportunities, vendor opportunities, or general questions please contact Beverly DeMeyer
3675, 2nd floor, 8th cross,13th F main, HAL 2nd stage, Doopanahalli, Indiranagar, Bangalore - 560038, Karnataka, India
© 2017 | SAGA Realty & Construction • SAGA • All rights reserved. Plans, drawings and artistic renderings are conceptual only; they should not be relied upon as representation, express or implied, of final detail. SAGA Construction, Inc. expressly reserves the right to modify, revise or change plans, specifications and features which it deems desirable in its sole and absolute discretion. Pricing and availability of options subject to change without prior notice. Square footages and measurements are approximations. Copyrighted 2017 by Outer Banks Association of REALTORS®. All Rights Reserved. The data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes from the Broker Reciprocity Program of the Outer Banks Association of REALTORS®. Real estate listings include the name of the brokerage and listing agents. IDX information is provided exclusively for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. All data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate. Outer Banks data last updated
For many Americans, furniture is furniture. It is all the same. Commercial furniture is actually in a class all by itself. Commercial grade varies, but it is always designed to be durable, easily cleanable, and have longevity. Commercial furniture is used anywhere large numbers of people will use it daily, the surface needs to be easy to clean, where there may be large weight differences among users, and when a company cannot budget for new commercial furniture every few years.
Commercial grade furniture is often inconspicuously reinforced. Springs are a stronger grade than those used in residential and other furniture, building materials have proven track records for durability, and the longevity outweighs the higher prices for this commercial grade pieces.
One frequently mentioned category is restaurant commercial furniture. This is not necessarily so for high priced restaurants, but it is often the norm for less expensive establishments as well as fast food restaurants. When people are eating on the run, they often do not take the time to gently move restaurant furniture gracefully and carefully. Restaurant commercial furniture factors in the often rough movement, multiple uses, and accommodates this through the use of more durable materials such as scratch resistance, easy glide chairs, and easy to clean table tops. The price of restaurant commercial pieces is higher than most families would be willing to pay to have it in their homes during their child raising years.
Commercial dining furniture is generally seen in mid-level dining facilities. It is durable while appearing more dining room like. One element that sets commercial dining furniture apart from other categories is it is heartiness without bulk. Employees can easily move the commercial dining furniture to clean and care for the dining area, yet the elderly and children are not apt to topple the furniture when coming to or leaving the table.
Modern commercial furniture has most of the attributes already mentioned. One differentiation is the softening of the lines. Table edges are rounded; chair backs are oval rather than square. Manufacturers for this category aim at achieving a comfortable look and feel, while maintaining the sustainability of more traditional commercial pieces.
The concept and reality of commercial grade carries over to lobby furniture that is used by many, few of whom think nothing of banging it around, spilling on it and other unspeakable treatments.
There are many commercial furniture suppliers. Buyers beware of those whose work does not match their claims. Seeing, feeling, sitting in, at or on the furniture is essential in making a well informed purchase decision.
Today there is an actual chill in the air … we’re refurbishing our cold weather shelters for the animals and will have a stock of hay for the homeless pet owners who want to insulate their animal shelters. Most people, we are glad to say, bring their animals in to their tents so they keep each other warm, but just in case we will have hay and those handy Mylar blankets for anyone in need.
Those Pups: We did get our share of pups … they were born in early August under a bush at WalMart where their people were sleeping in their car. We met up with them the very next day and encouraged a visit to the St. Francis Veterinary Clinic as well as a campsite rather than the car. St. Francis stepped in with their wonderful care and even visits to the campsite. Our project assisted with pet food and contact information. The mom dog was spayed through PetSnip and we were strongly hoping that the caretakers would allow us to put the pups into a rescue group for adoption but they have refused. That’s a disappointment for us and we believe, a risk for the pups. It’s difficult for me to write or speak of these situations so we must just say that we have done our best and we will try to keep the lines of communication open, for the sake of the animals.
Home for One Kitty: Our little orange boy kitty from Melrose has a home and is safe. He is one of several kitties that we took to PetSnip for neuter and vaccinations. We wish him the best in his new life.
Wild ones: We also trapped and took to PetSnip three of the kitties who were left in Tent City by their wild mama. That mom is a legend … she is like a shadow and is one of those females who are difficult to find for spay … at least this time the babies won’t have babies and they are being fed.
Boots the Cat and the Tent City Tribe: Our own colony, the Tent City Tribe, all long-time spayed and neutered, are well and are exploring the fresh hay and clean shelters. We are still concerned about Boots, who has rather severe hair loss. We suspect ringworm and have a lot of info about it. A culture to be sure takes 10 days.If you want to take in Boots, with potential vet care need, please let us know. At this time, he seems to be responding to herbal remedies and nutritional supplements. He is a sweet and rather tame kitty who could move right into foster and permanent home. We will also accept special donations for our medical care fund and we will fund his medical expenses if you can take him in. Please call Elizabeth at 352-473-9423 for more info.
Hard Times: Over the last few weeks at pet food distribution times we notice that people who ordinarily provide their own pet food are coming to us for help. Those “odd jobs” and “day labor” situations have dried up, and no one is buying those craft and other items that homeless friends sometimes have for sale. Several new people have also turned up, seeking food for their pets.
We are glad to help, but this increases our need for pet food. We always need bags of cat food and dog food as well as canned fishy-type cat food. Call 352-473-9423 to arrange for drop off. Financial donations to Home Van Pet Care Project should be made payable to St. Vincent DePaul Society, earmarked for Home Van Pet Care, and mailed to P.O. Box 14305, Gainesville FL 32604. Contact coordinator Elizabeth Howard at 352-473-9423 or cell 352-359-5712, holisticliz@hotmail.com.
That's why we created the 30 Day Scripture Challenge to make it very easy for you. It will help you get into the habit of reading the Bible each day, taking a few minutes to think through their impact in your life, and help you to deepen your relationship with Jesus.
You can read more if you want, but consider what's included in the email to be the absolute minimum.
After you finish reading, take 5 minutes to think about what you read and how it might be related to your life, right now.
I also recommend jotting down some notes in a journal of some sort. That helps me, at least, reflect and retain what I've read. I trust you'll find it helpful as well, especially as you come back around again to the same text the second or third time.
If you miss a day, pick up with the next email. Don't feel pressured AT ALL to make up for missed days. Feeling that pressure can make it too hard to continue. This is all grace! Plus, you'll come back round to the text you missed again. The repetition helps us become more familiar with the text and lets the meaning "sink in" as the waters of the scriptures wash over us.
Church of the Resurrection - seeking to fulfill the Mission of Christ in the heart of the City of Lansing. Catholic Diocese of Lansing parish and K-8 school. Let us pray that every person within the Catholic Diocese of Lansing will come to know and love our Lord Jesus Christ in a personal way, grow in maturity as a disciple of Christ, become actively engaged in the full life of the Church, and joyfully utilize his or her gifts for the building up of the Kingdom of God and the salvation of souls. Amen.
Wednesday through Saturday 8:15 a.m. (Note that Resurrection School joins the parish for morning Mass M/W/F.)
Divine Mercy Chaplet - 3:00 pm M-F (in the Holy Family chapel at 1601 E. Grand River. Use the middle door. The chapel is inside the door on your right.)
St. Joseph Devotion - 1st Wednesday of the month. Rosary at 6:30 a.m., followed by Mass at 7:00 a.m. (in church)
The desert and heat aren't the only thing to melt your face in Mesa, Arizona. Oh Doctor, formed in March of 2005, brings to the table something intense and unprecedented in a genre and scene suffocated by predictable breakdowns and lackluster performance. Laying the foundation, Oh Doctor recorded their demo in May of 2005 titled [mode]. Touring and promoting, they went on to sell over 1,100 copies the following year while being privileged to share the stage with bands such as Lydia Read more on Last.fm
The desert and heat aren't the only thing to melt your face in Mesa, Arizona. Oh Doctor, formed in March of 2005, brings to the table something intense and unprecedented in a genre and scene suffocated by predictable breakdowns and lackluster performance. Laying the foundation, Oh Doctor recorded their demo in May of 2005 titled [mode]. Touring and promoting, they went on to sell over 1,100 copies the following year while being privileged to share the stage with bands such as Lydia, The Meg and Dia Band, Rookie of the Year, Pistolita, Awake and Alert, The Stiletto Formal, and more.
Members Kodi and Acey Nixon, Dave Taylor, Clayton McGhan and Merek Davis recorded Oh Doctor's first full length titled "Color Beyond Closed Eyes". The CD, released in September 2006, shows the diversity, maturity, and most importantly, the power of each member. Each song is clearly tied to an emotion or story that the listener can enjoy and ultimately relate to. Dual vocals, layered with intense and complex guitars, frosted by unique and fundamental synth are all enveloped by melodic bass and powerful driving drums.
Their live show is one to never miss as the energy between band and fans is so unique and compelling that one can only hope that the music never ends.. Read more on Last.fm. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply..
History of amerindian in jamaica pre-history, jamaica was first inhabited by arawak indians who named the island xaymaca. Taíno indians, a subgroup of the arawakan indians (a group of american jamaica, hispaniola [haiti and the dominican republic], and puerto rico) in the . The history of taínos and arawak are the first people of modern jamaica their language, diet and culture influence jamaica to this day. The taíno were an arawak people who were the indigenous people of the of cuba, jamaica, hispaniola (the dominican republic and haiti),.
Jamaica's history is simultaneously colorful, intriguing and dark the country was first populated by arawak indians (which quickly became extinct after the. Jamaica was originally settled by the a tribe of arawak indians called taino, who came to jamaica at around 1,000 bc and called the land xamayca, meaning. Olive moxam-dennis (left) said though she always knew she was indian (tainos), they never discussed it was her daughter, dr erica.
Prior to christopher columbus discovering the island in 1494, the arawak indians were here first, though little remains of their culture the spanish laid claim to. Jamaica, hispaniola (containing haiti and dominican republic), cuba, dominated by the taino indians, a sub group of arawak indians that. Or of arawak occupation of jamaica before early period meso-indian occupations have now been coin- indian veorles in cuba and haiti, have received.
Culture, history, art, religion, and genealogy of the arawak indians arawak indian culture and history article on the history of the arawaks in jamaica. The first inhabitants of jamaica were the arawak indians they lived in simple communities based on fishing, hunting, and small scale cultivation of cassava. Information about the arawak indians for students and teachers the dominican republic, jamaica, and cuba, and some of their descendants still live in those. Before columbus discovered it in 1494, modern-day jamaica, then known as xaymaca, had been peacefully inhabited by the native arawak indians for about .
Jamaica, the third largest island in the caribbean features miles of white sand the arawak indians preserved meats by coating it in a complex blend of spicy. Jamaica was originally inhabited by the arawak indians and possible the taino from south america the arawak indians were a gentle peace loving farming. The taínos are a subgroup of the arawak indians they inhabited the greater antilles (comprising cuba, jamaica, hispaniola [haiti and the.
The history of jamaica outlined from the tainos to the present this arawak- speaking group originated in south america, migrating first to the southern. Were the arawaks, who resided in most of the greater antilles--cuba, jamaica, of the caribs, a tropical forest group related to most of the indigenous indians. Have a long history of display and above figure 3: “arawak artifacts of jamaica ” stamp british museum for the exhibit arawak vibrations:. The history of psychiatry in the caribbean island of jamaica is presented based on is described from pre-colonial days of the indigenous arawak indians.
The group that self-identified as the arawak, also known as the lokono, settled the coastal areas of what is now guyana, suriname,. Informative guide to the history of jamaica: arawak and taino. The history of these people (the taino, igneris, and ciboney) is all too often the arrival of the igneri and taino (both arawak-speaking peoples) marked the.
a personal opinion on the requirements of getting college scholarships in the united states of ameri
HoS rating: Dylan = 8 / 10; Andrew = 7 / 10; Raoul = 4 / 10; Synopsis: Following the discovery of an intriguing fossil, a crew of scientists goes on to explore a remote lagoon in order to discover the remains of an ancient species of amphibiou... Read On
This is a very long-legged Pheidolini, presumable of genus Pheidole. It was found in rotten wood only in deepest intact rain forest.
Specifics: very interesting ants because their predatory attacks like this of driver ants. They also apply fixed "highways" when the colony is great enough. The workers ride on their queens (for protection) and sometimes also on the soldiers. The difference of size between the workers and soldiers is the biggest of all ant species. In contrary to Pheidologeton diversus this species is more active in movement and nest building, and has also slightly smaller workers.
Specifics: very interesting ants because their predatory attacks like this of driver ants. They also apply fixed "highways" when the colony is great enough. The workers ride on their queens (for protection) and sometimes also on the soldiers. The difference of size between the workers and soldiers is the biggest of all ant species.
Similar to Pheidologeton diversus (workers ride on their queens and sometimes also on the soldiers). In contrast to P. diversus this kind creates tunneled streets to their feeding place.
Specifics: Very interesting ants because their predatory attacks like this of driver ants. They also apply fixed "highways" when the colony is great enough. The workers ride on their queens (for protection) and sometimes also on the soldiers. The difference of size between the workers and soldiers is the biggest of all ant species.
This is a black aggressive indonesian polyrhachis species that builds weaved nests under leafes. It is a monogyn rarer species compared to other Polyrhachis. A remarkable characteristic is the hammertone finish like black head and thorax. This strong about 1 cm large Polyrhachis builds smaller colonies compared to other Polyrhachis.
This is a small black colored peaceful indonesian Polyrhachis species that creates it's weave nests between leafes. Colonies are not very populous and are ideal for keeping in community basins. This species have large thorns and slight red leegs.
This is a small shinny black colored indonesian Polyrhachis species that creates it's weave nests between leafes. Colonies are not very populous and are ideal for keeping in community basins.
This is a small red colored indonesian Polyrhachis species that creates it's weave nests between leafes. Colonies are not very populous and are ideal for keeping in community basins.
This is a beautiful golden colored tropical Polyrhachis species of Southeast Asia. It is an undemanding, diurnal, and tame species.
This is a beautiful black colored tropical Polyrhachis species of Southeast Asia. It is an undemanding, diurnal, and tame species.
Proatta looks like a miniature Atta but isn't related to it. This species don't breed fungi and don't cut leaves. There don't exists cast building. It is easy to keep.
It being such a lovely spring day in northern New Mexico; I’m easing into spring cleaning. It must be primal, this urge to clean after winter’s elements. First to stow the feather bed, its cover so brittle it begs a third repair, covering the bedroom floor with vacuum defying down. I bought seeds this week, some of them heirlooms: I’ve long aspired for a tres hermanas garden. Google says that is better known as permaculture. Tres hermanas refers to mound group planting with corn, beans and squash. The corn supports the beans and the three sustain and feed each other.
Anyway, I hope your weekend is lovely and productive. Here are the entries published this week over the past six years on this site. If you have more time to delve, there are another 2,000+ in the archives.
Kathleen started production patternmaking in 1981. Starting in 1993, she began providing consulting and engineering services to manufacturers, small companies, and startups with an emphasis on developing owner-operator domestic cut-and-sew operations. In 2015 she opened a 5,000 sqft. fully equipped sewing factory: The Sewing Factory School. Kathleen is the author of The Entrepreneur’s Guide to Sewn Product Manufacturing, the most highly rated book of any topic in the garment industry. She's been mentioned numerous times in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Forbes, National Public Radio, Boston Globe, LA Times, Vogue, French Vogue and has at least 15 Project Runway alums at last count. Kathleen writes nearly all of the articles on Fashion-Incubator.com and hosts its forum, the largest private online community for apparel manufacturers on the web.
Beginner gardener here: I think one of the most important things about heirloom seeds is that you can save the seeds from the plant and then you don’t have to order seeds for next year. I don’t think you can do that with hybrids. So “greener-than-thou” snootiness aside, the ability to save seeds is a big deal for a lot of people.
I’ve been reading about permaculture and I think I want to go that route in the coming years. It seems like a lot less work once you get over the initial learning curve!
Wow! The Tres hermanas garden concept is fascinating the way they all feed & support each other. Interesting how the three are supposed to be eaten together too. Thanks for the enlightening info!
Participate in this conversation via emailGet only replies to your comment, the best of the rest, as well as a daily recap of all comments on this post. No more than a few emails daily, which you can reply to/unsubscribe from directly from your inbox.
Kathleen Fasanella on Rosie the Riveter and the Secret PlanI'm always game, maybe you can inspire people. We've been short handed for quite some...
Kathleen Fasanella on Rosie the Riveter and the Secret PlanOh you caught me, catering to my audience. You do know that some people these...
Becky Larner on Rosie the Riveter and the Secret PlanI was just thinking about you the other day and wondering what you were up...
Often described as the garment industry “blue book,” Kathleen's book is the most highly rated guide to the business. The Entrepreneur's Guide to Sewn Product Manufacturing is guaranteed to get you off to a solid start or your money back. Many service providers will require you to read it before they’ll work with you.
Archives Select Month October 2018 May 2017 December 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 May 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005
Creating and showcasing fine jewellery made with passion,pride and integrity to suit the individual.
Add grace and charm on your look in this attractive Maroon Georgette Unstitched Salwar Kameez. The lovely Butta Work & Resham work a substantial attribute of this attire.
The Audio Technica EC7 headphones truly do offer extraordinary sound quality and fantastic style. They are inner-ear headphones that are still comfortable. This is the perfect gift for that iPod lover who wants something hip, but still wants exceptional sound. Available in Silver or Gun Metal, includes 1m cord and carrying pouch.
A solid track with a wide racing lane. I could have lived without the, uh, dustmites in the cave, but the short cut is to call the helicopter after cp 6 and just drive over them to cp 7. It's only draw back is the lack of curved textures on the corners, otherwise it's a fine track that (with only 8 textures) should work fine in 4x4e.
heh, thx Phineus! I know, I put the "dustmites" in the cave to add the challenge, I hope this gets a good 4x4 evo rating
Quick Start Guide- No longer applies to new forum software as of 04/26/2016 - Page 2 - MX Linux Forum
I am new here. I installed an old version of Mepis to Laptop Hard Drive, just to try it out. Prob should not have ! I have saved my User Name & Password, but it will not sign me in with that setup. How can I overcome this or uninstall Mepis to rectify please ?
Quick answer, if you want to reinstall Mepis just use the Custom Install and install to the same partitions, if not you can just delete the partitions. If this is not enough information or not the information that you need please start another thread http://forum.mepiscommunity.org/viewforum.php?f=73. Because you have hijacked this thread.
Welcome and enjoy our updates for our friends. Whether it’s pictures or our harvest, special events or our favorite recipes, we’ll post them here to share. We hope you enjoy them as much as we did. Thanks! Recipe 1 How … Continue reading →
Summer is almost over, the grapes are ripening and expecting to do our first harvest of Cayuga White in the first or second week end of September. We have been busy. We bottled the first batch of wine. Thanks to … Continue reading →
It doesn’t rain often at Grey Fox, and it didn’t rain at all during my 2018 stay. Umbrellas were everywhere though, as part sun-blocker and part fashion statement.
I use the term “dancers” very loosely. Here it can mean weird partner yoga, or the aftermath of dancing with too many Pabst Blue Ribbons.
As I was taking pictures of dancers and hoopers near the main stage after the dinner break a couple approached me and asked how they could access my pictures later. As usual, I didn’t have any business cards on me, but I asked one of them to simply type their name into the notes app on my phone. She did, and we exchanged pleasantries (I assume). I bet she thought she’d never hear from me again, but a few weeks later I sent her a link to this photo on Facebook. She hasn’t responded, yet.
I’ve enjoyed your post and your photo’s. Although your knowledge of the festival itself is a bit short because you miss a very large part by not staying on site. I understand your point of view as far as it goes. I do disagree with your opinion about the day stage and recognize that it is poorly informed and over simplified. You are obviously unaware that several big name performers have refused to play the outdoor stage in the afternoon hours because they are looking directly into the sun and it is blistering hot on that stage for them. Notably, in 2016 a large part of the schedule had to be re-arranged on the fly because of one performers refusal to play. I do understand your perspective given the information you have, but please know that there are other elements in play here.
Starri is that sweet girl next This brunette bombshell loves showing off her perfect tan, sexy toned body, and gorgeous. Nasty public just click to support.
Free XXX galleries from Spunky. Naughty young girl fucked from. Free dating websites like leave the match making up to their. Get the support of a caring, knowledgeable love mentor dating coach who will help you make your love dreams a sign up for your free session now by filling out the form.
Petite Teen. This porn video blow up doll sex was found on the website. Turkish dating customs and afterward, there is almost always a reception involving food and you can hardly find tampons in turkey because most.
Besides, it can be your preferred book to check out after having this black and white pictures in color do you ask why. When we associate is best dating site malaysia asian women are you will find local harley riders and matchmaking site, girls and toy malaysian dating can help you. Maria celeste hot porn-porno videos, found most popular maria celeste hot.
And our mature and older lady phone sex operators have been sexually active for an average of to our sexy old lady phone sex operators, age is truly just a they still love. Cynthia khan nude currently we dont have any nude pictures of cynthia come back and check later. Desi village housewife real nude pics and big boobs hot desi aunty bathing nude then press bbw fat girl fulll naked when.
Made in Poland with the highest accuracy and detail, light and comfy FullPrint Sweatshirt. Perfect, classic and thanks to your imagination extremely original at the same time.
FullPrint Sweatshirt is made of modern material which combines durability of polyester and comfort of cotton. Thanks to it you can add your graphics on whole front panel of the product without losing any of your ideas. Sleeves and back panel are made of black, extremely pleasant cotton. Every piece of apparel is made in Poland and has the Trustworthy Fabrics Certificate of Polish Textile Institute.
When we were designing FullPrint Sweatshirt we were searching for inspirations in modern fashion, but we did not want to move away from the classics. We have made the form so ideal that it can meet the requirements of everyone with any type of figure and can check out perfectly in every situation.
We took care of every detail of the FullPrint Sweatshirt to meet your requirements. Cuffs, collar and down part are finished with stretch resistant cotton welt which is pleasant in touch. The collar is finished with nice and delicate string.
Thanks to the FullPrint technology, front panel of the blouse can be completely covered by chosen print. Back panel can have maximum dimensions 30x40 cm and is proportionally adapted to size of the blouse in the context of chosen graphics and size, because everything needs to look perfect!
You need to wash the sweatshirt in 30 degrees Celsius, do not use any strong chemicals and detergents, spin in low setting, do not dry in tumble dryers. Iron in low settings only. Avoid back panel during ironing if there is an overprint.
Made in Poland with tve he highest accuracy and detail, light and comfy FullPrint Sweatshirt. Perfect, classic and thanks to your imagination extremely original at the same time.
Trendy t-shirt with short sleeves. Comfortable and well thought fit provides freedom of movement, and soft cotton gives feeling of comfort. Thanks to the lower hem t-shirt gently rests on hips, which makes your expression lightweight and attractive.
Oryginal white cup with hart shape eye, perfect as a gift! Porcelain surface makes the cup very pleasant in everyday use.
Classic and elegant white cup with colored elementst that will meet the highest requirements of each customer. Porcelain surface makes the cup very pleasant in everyday use.
Model: Pillowcase, Color: white, Dimensions: 40 x 40 cm. Pillowcases do not shrink in the wash, stretch and do not change their color
Small, polyester backpack in two color versions. A front pocket with zipper, padded back and a convenient carrying handle. Ideal for schools, tour and training.
Practical rubber case for your cellphone. Thanks to the perfect design, it protects your phone during everyday use. It's unique and attractive thanks to the perfect print. Now your phone is both safe and fit for you!
Made in Poland with the highest accuracy and detail, warm and comfy FullPrint Sweatshirt. Perfect, classic and thanks to your imagination extremely original at the same time.
FullPrint Sweatshirt is made of modern material which combines durability of polyester and comfort of elasten. Thanks to it you can add your graphics on whole front panel of the product without losing any of your ideas. Sleeves and back panel are made of black, extremely pleasant cotton. Every piece of apparel is made in Poland and has the Trustworthy Fabrics Certificate of Polish Textile Institute.
Made in Poland with tve he highest accuracy and detail, warm and comfy FullPrint Sweatshirt. Perfect, classic and thanks to your imagination extremely original at the same time.
Daisy Ridley answered when we'll learn who Rey's parents are in Star Wars and we are stoked. Find this Pin and more on Flower Crown Icons: TV and Movies ...
This information is 100% canon, it's from the official Star Wars site, just click on this picture in his databank gallery.
Small flower crown doodle of Luke from a few months ago, I might start uploading some more of my Star Wars art here
I saw this posted on The Star Wars Fan Base group im in (on Facebook) and holy moly?! Reversed genders?? This is amazing !! Poe, Lando, Han, Finn and Kylo ...
New York, NY – March 7th, 2016 – Everyone's favorite scoundrel – now starring in his very own series! Today, Marvel is pleased to announce STAR WARS: HAN ...
i needed a new icon so i drew my lightly toasted cinnamon roll wearing a flower crown and saying his bf's name
Tuscany Reserve is now Talis Park. Luxury living in Naples is becoming more refined, relaxed and healthful. With a new vision and a new name, Talis Park is a refreshingly new collection of estate and village residences overlooking the acclaimed Norman & Dye golf course. Talis Park is a landscape dedicated to personal health and social vitality, designed with picturesque gardens, parks, waterways and walking trails and a portfolio of home plans created to express the distinctive character of each Park neighborhood. Designed to optimize their unique locations and natural surroundings, these homes are tailored to fit not only the land but your individual sense of style. Talis Park is located off Livingston Road in Naples, just South of Bonita Beach Road.
No Min $50,000 $100,000 $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $600,000 $700,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $6,000,000 $7,000,000 $8,000,000 $9,000,000 $10,000,000 $20,000,000
No Max $50,000 $100,000 $150,000 $200,000 $250,000 $300,000 $350,000 $400,000 $450,000 $500,000 $600,000 $700,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $6,000,000 $7,000,000 $8,000,000 $9,000,000 $10,000,000 $20,000,000 $30,000,000 $40,000,000 $50,000,000 $60,000,000 $70,000,000 $80,000,000 $90,000,000 $100,000,000
The data relating to real estate for sale on this limited electronic display come in part from the Broker Reciprocity Program (BR Program) of M.L.S. of Naples, Inc. Properties listed with brokerage firms other than John R. Wood Properties are marked with the BR Program Icon and detailed information about them includes the name of the Listing Brokers. The properties displayed may not be all the properties available through the BR Program.
Distance between Clonsilla and Castletown-Bearhaven. How many miles from Clonsilla to Castletown-Bearhaven.
The straight distance between Clonsilla (Dublin) and Castletown-Bearhaven (Cork) is 189.62 mi, but the driving distance is 236.38 mi.
then please give Christabelle Pierce a call on 018148747 and I would be happy to discuss the potential retail opportunities...
Officer - HR Our Lady's Hospital Navan Email to: recruitment.OLHN@hse.ie All information listed below relates to NCHD Posts Only...
and sensitive clients/shareholders for retail and corporate accounts. Check the setting up of new accounts. Ensure new investors...
manager during store audits. You will ideally have the following skills and attributes: Previous experience in a retail...
a retail, sales, or customer-service based role. Flexibility around working hours, including evenings and weekends Keen...
recruiter in Hotel Catering & Retail Recruitment National Recruitment Federation Awards – Multi Award Winner NRF Hospitality...
Operator and Market Operator, EirGrid operates to very high IS Security standards in order to minimise risk to our critical... systems and networks. The role holder will be an expert in IS Information security and policy. They will be a key influencer...
for our client in Waterford. Our client is a multi award winning Retail store in a sought after location... or Catering Supervisor to develop a career in retail and progress with this industry. The successful candidate will be trained...
Ie.job-less.info is a successful search engine for selection of open positions, changing the workplace or advance career in Ireland. Our search engine has a simplified interface, but quite extensive functionality for the mega useful job search. We have collected all current opportunities with the ordinary job search sites into a single aggregator of vacancies. A convenient search of job offers by keyword or existing region will allow finding exactly what you want just in a few seconds.
Elephants take revenge after hunter shoots herd member dead while being told hit it between the eyes
and#xa; WARNING - DISTRESSING CONTENT The shocking footage was recorded in the Nakabolelwa Conservancy in Namibiaand#xa;
Threat Hunters, Multi-factor Authentification and Mental Agility - Cybersecurity in a Hyperconnected World
The BEST Way and the BEST Place to Publish Your BEST Work: A Step by Step Process for Publishing a Journal Paper with IEEE
The upcoming era of specialization and the research needed to make it work for our country - ICRC 2018 Plenary, William Chappell
This feature is accessible to IEEE Members only, with an IEEE Account. If you are an IEEE Member please sign in to enable this feature.
In addition to exclusive access to IEEE.tv programming, IEEE members have file download, and can save favorite videos with myTV.
An interview with Computational Intelligence Society (CIS) member Kunihiko Fukushima, from 2015. Interview by Don Wunsch.
"IEEE.tv is an excellent step by IEEE. This will pave a new way in knowledge-sharing and spreading ideas across the globe."
© Copyright 2015 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. Feedback
IEEE VisWeek 2012 is the premier forum for visualization advances for academia, government, and industry. This event brings together researchers and practitioners with a shared interest in visualization techniques, tools, and technology. The IEEE Information Visualization Conference solicits novel research ideas and innovative applications in all areas of information visualization. Please carefully read the submission guidelines below, especially pertaining to submission venue, the length of manuscripts and optional author anonymity.
Papers accepted to IEEE InfoVis will appear in a special issue (Dec 2012) of the IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics (TVCG). This special issue will be published before the conference, the publication date being December 2012. Papers (including supplemental material) will undergo a revision and review cycle after initial notification of review results in order to ensure that they are acceptable for publication and presentation in the journal. The paper and supplemental material will also appear in the IEEE Digital Library.
All three conferences appearing at IEEE VisWeek 2012 (Vis, InfoVis and VAST) use the Precision Conference System (PCS) to handle their submission and reviewing process. PCS is available at https://precisionconference.com/~vgtc/. When submitting your manuscript please make sure that you submit it to your intended conference by clicking the appropriate conference header in the conference system landing page. If you are unsure which venue you should submit to, you can use the call for papers on this website, as well as last year's published proceedings as a guideline.
When preparing your submission, please make sure that you carefully read and adhere to the submission guidelines.
The IEEE InfoVis conference is primarily soliciting papers on all topics in information visualization research. Please do note, that topics primarily involving spatial data (such as scalar, vector and tensor fields, point-based or volumetric data) might be a better match for our sister conference, the IEEE Vis Conference. Suggested topics for papers include, but are not limited to:
Fast direct links to UK suppliers of summerhouses, garden sheds, and other garden buildings enable you to quickly compare the products offered by a number of online stores. Including links to individual listings for summerhouses, plastic garden sheds and metal sheds.
http://www.allotment-garden.org - Allotment diaries, photographs, advice about growing vegetables, fruits and herbs with a forum for chatting on the plot.
http://www.nvsuk.org.uk - The National Vegetable Society NVS is a charity dedicated to advancing the culture, study and improvement of vegetables offering help and advice to novice and expert show grower alike.
Easy and trouble free to grow, caladiums are a colorful and inexpensive option for your home patio or summer landscape. Especially lovely in pots, baskets, and planters our colorful caladiums will provide wonderful beauty in any setting.
Among the largest suppliers, Classic Caladiums brings you the broadest selection of caladium varieties including many which are exclusive to our company. Actively involved in variety development, we bring new varieties to the market each year.
This is angry bird fan club page over 12 million people like this game.In this page there are information about angry birds have been posted.
Run by Felicity Preacher, a qualified mat and reformer Pilates instructor. With clients in Wareside, Ware, Widford and Hunsdon in Hertfordshire.
프로야구 야알봇이 한국 프로야구 경기를 자동으로 요약, 정리해서 제공해서 뉴스 기사로 제공합니다 (service by HCI+D lab at Seoul National University)
At Tuesday’s press briefing, White House mouthpiece Josh Earnest said something disgusting ...about the massacre at the Hyper Casher kosher supermarket in Paris one month ago.
“The individuals who were killed in that terrible, tragic incident,” Earnest droned, “were killed not because of who they were but because of where they randomly happened to be.”
Take it from someone who keeps kosher: Nobody “randomly” happens to be in a kosher supermarket ...Yes, if you want to find Jews, a kosher supermarket is the place to be on a Friday morning, as people are preparing for the Sabbath.
... his remarks suggest these murders were meaningless acts of nihilism, when they in fact were terrifyingly meaningful acts of anti-Semitic murder on European soil 70 years after the Holocaust — acts that are causing many if not most of the 600,000 Jews in France to think seriously about emigrating.
... Earnest’s vile lie can’t be excused away as an expression of his own moral cretinousness. For only a few minutes later, about half a mile away from him in Washington, Earnest’s fellow administration mouthpiece Jen Psaki took to the podium at the State Department’s press briefing and with similar moral cretinousness dismissed the purpose and goal of the Jew-killers at Hyper Casher.
“I believe if I remember the victims specifically,” said Jen Psaki, “they were not all victims of one background or one nationality.”
Asked point-blank by AP’s Matt Lee whether the Obama administration believes “this was an anti-Jewish or an attack on a Jewish community in Paris,” Psaki responded, “I don’t think we’re going to speak on behalf of French authorities.”
... the administration chose to circle the wagons around President Obama after his flabbergasting remarks on Monday — when he spoke of
As we’ve established, it wasn’t “a bunch of folks” but four Jews who were shot ...as they shopped for ingredients for their Sabbath meals.
Which means it wasn’t done “randomly” but purposefully and in a directed fashion. It didn’t matter who they were individually, true. What mattered was this: JEW. JEW. JEW. JEW.
... if the administration is now so committed to its bizarre assertion that the acts of terror in Paris and the horrifying butcheries of ISIS have not been perpetrated in the name of Islam that it chose to dance around the anti-Semitic agency of Islamist Jew-killers ...
The White House has finally clarified that it does indeed view the attack on a kosher supermarket in France last month as an anti-Semitic attack, despite a clumsy statement by President Barack Obama which appeared to suggest otherwise....
Our view has not changed. Terror attack at Paris Kosher market was motivated by anti-Semitism. POTUS didn't intend to suggest otherwise.
Jewish Issues Watchdog (JIW) posts excerpts of key news and opinion articles essential to keeping abreast of issues affecting Jews around the world.
Legitimization of Terrorism by Fatah and the Palestinian Authority: Glorification of the Murder of the Israeli Athletes at the Munich Olympic Games
JIW includes excerpts from many sources using their copyright material for the purpose of education and discussion only, and not for profit. We acknowledge and link to our sources.
We reserve all rights to our own original material, including the excerpted and edited version of the source material. However you are welcome to use JIW material freely for the purpose of education and discussion only, and not for profit, and provided proper acknowledgement is included.
Old Pussy - Older Granny of 100% free porn tube movies, thousands of new hot video clips added daily. Don't forget CTRL+D (CMD+D) to bookmark us!
© 2017 Grannyblack.com, All Rights Reserved. Users are prohibited from posting any material depicting individuals under the age of 18.
Hard common cunnilingus and orgasmin with old pussy meat – granny loves a cowgirl ride | its a granny thing
do you know why some younger guys just love to penetrate old granny pussy ? Very easy, its because they keep quit and calm and do not move too much when banging, they mostly are more passive and just lay down and take it. Some guys dont like womens that are to nervous in bed, grandmothers just are happy . Its a bit different with this old hottie, she still is active and even excels in cowgirl riding. She rides her young horse with her old pussy meat very skilled and spreads large for a big intense common orgasm
hey boys and girls, i hope you feel good on my site dedicate to golden agers, grandmothers and horny matures. they all love sex too and sometimes are the most experience lovers thats why i especially to watch horny sexy older ladies..do you too ?? then feel right here and bookmark as i do post 20-30 pics a day wich are hard to find
We hide our feelings because we are scared that a display of emotion will cause us embarrassment or possibly get us into trouble.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (2) October 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) May 2018 (1) March 2018 (2) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (2) June 2017 (1) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (2) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (1) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (3) May 2015 (1) April 2015 (3) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (2) October 2014 (1) August 2014 (1) April 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (2) February 2013 (2) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (3) November 2012 (3) August 2012 (1) May 2012 (1) February 2012 (1) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (4) October 2011 (1) August 2011 (1) July 2011 (1) February 2011 (2) January 2011 (2) December 2010 (2) August 2010 (3) July 2010 (3) June 2010 (1) May 2010 (3) April 2010 (2) March 2010 (4) February 2010 (7)
First time towing anything ever, but I thought I was ready. I had a strap across the top, and a strap around the back side to the hooks up front. (Not through the center like here but I will from now on.)
Cruising along at 0-dark-thirty and I see a siloutte of something bouncing behind me. berkeley! I pulled over (slowly) and sure enough, two tires bailed out on me. I secured the remaining like you see, and went up to the next exit and back. I didn't see them, being bright berkeleying orange I had a little hope. But nothing.
Came home since I knew it would be a dust bowl & two low profile street tires would not cut it. When I got home, the top strap was loose! berkeleying Harbor Freight cargo straps.
Lesson learned - go to Home Depot and buy some name-brand berkeleying cargo straps this time. Also run the strap THROUGH the wheels, which should help even if they loosened up a bit. (I even stopped just before the highway to double check everything, and planned to stop at a rest area soon to check again. Because I'm paranoid.)
So if you see two orange wheels with gravel tires on 675 somewhere near Fairborn, send me a message.
Wow, sorry to hear that. I really have nothing to add to make you feel better except that we have all done things like that and you live and learn. You won't make that mistake again.
Those little straps will stretch when they are new. I use 2" straps for everything. Hit Northern Tool if there is one local to you. Their yellow, 2" straps, are perfect for that kind of stuff. There is no such thing as too many straps. Use a lot of them and pull them as tight as you can. Then shake the trailer as hard as you can. If anything moves, it isn't tight enough. Also, keep in mind, for every strap you have pulling forward, you need one pulling back. That little trailer probably bounces pretty good over bumps. Things are going to have to be super tight. I would even consider taking a leaf out of the springs, to calm it down some.
I check loads at the 30 minute and one hour mark religiously. Even the enclosed trailer, I usually check, even though the 1600 pound car is held in with four 3" straps and has never moved.
Man. Sorry to hear that. I'd suggest running a safety chain through the wheel centers with a padlock, security and safety at the same time.
I managed to leave the ramp retainer loose on my trailer once, luckily I 'check six' constantly when towing. I saw the damn thing sliding down I-95 and slowly spinning at the same time. Old coot behind me had good reflexes and swerved, the ramp slid 'downhill' off the road crown onto the breakdown lane, hit the grass and jumped about six feet.
Curmudgeon wrote: Man. Sorry to hear that. I'd suggest running a safety chain through the wheel centers with a padlock, security and safety at the same time.
Or a cable, this only needs to be firm, still use straps to tighten but keep the center cable/chain to ensure no runaways again.
On my full size trailer I anchored the tires with a pipe that passed through two steel supports and the wheels and locked in place.
+1 on a pipe through the center. Drill a hole in each end of the pipe for a screw closed chain link and attach your straps to that on each side. It will keep the pipe from being able to slide out so even if the straps let go entirely all 4 tires will stay together.
I had both tires on one side of the trailer fall off and roll into the ditch to be lost one time in the middle of IA coming back from NY with a fire truck on my 35' trailer. We all have stories and hopefully you'll find your tires and this won't be so bad to look back on.
I have the same trailer setup as you (more or less) and what appear to be the same ratchet straps (though I bought them at Home Depot). I drove all the way to the track and as I entered the bumpy rallycross paddock...POP both ratchets popped and the tires kind of "laid down" - I have some raised rails that kind of keep them from totally coming off.
Now I use a single big heavy-duty ratchet over the top, and a smaller cargo strap through the spokes (just in case). Haven't had an issue since.
Thanks guys. Me and SWMBO had some breakfast and went tire hunting. I found one in the middle median of 675, of course laying with the bright orange side down (she spotted it pretty quick). Took a brisk jaunt down the median hoping the helpful highway patrol would stay busy with speeding vehicles.
It took a nasty bounce and is slightly oval. I think the tire is salvageable, but won't know till I try to mount it. The tread looks questionable but they were free handmedowns so they already were kinda iffy.
@Stan, if you remember to look I was heading north on 675 and saw the bouncing tire just after the Yellow Springs exit (I pulled over just after it's on-ramp). Went up to Fairborn and turned around to try to find them. I'm guessing (?) they came off the same time, but after seeing it's condition I decided not to get ourselves killed going up and down the highway trying to find the other. That center median was full of metal crap just waiting to cut her tires, and THAT would have made the day worse.
I like the pole idea, I think that was the first trailer I ever saw at my first event & got the idea for a trailer. I think I might try some modifications, definitely getting better tie-downs, and might even throw some simple 1/4" nylon rope in there as a backup.
I had one pop on my motorcycle. Fortunately it was a dirt bike that had seen far worse falls before. Pulling into Gorman I hit a big bump, the bike forks compressed, and when they popped back up it just bent the ratchet tang and let the spool loose.
And thread jack but what black box are you guys running on those trailers? And where do I get one? Those look just about right for what I need.
I have a Contico Pro Tuff Bin on mine. I think I bought it at Home Depot or Lowe's. It's awesome, stiff, weatherproof, and easy to bolt down securely. And about as secure as a non-metal box can get. Much more stout and stiff than many others I've used/tried/looked at. Looks like JohnRW has the same one.
JohnRW1621 wrote: I also like the hinge of the box to be such that the headwind is not trying to open the box.
The problem with putting the tires on the front is that when you take them off at the event, the weight of the tools/etc in the box wants to make the trailer flip backwards. Also, if you have lightweight wheels/tires you may not have enough tongue weight with them on the front.
This was my HF trailer -- I always ran the tiedown straps through the wheels, never over/around them. I usually had three. I started out using chains, but after getting some newer wheels I switched to the straps to avoid scratching them up. As for the box lid wanting to open with the wind, a couple of padlocks pretty much solve that.
And yeah, the Contico box has been the tire trailer box of choice for years. I shot that photo in 2002, back when the race track in Sonoma still called itself Sears Point. :)
Definitely going through the wheels from now on, two or three straps. Going to Home Depot here shortly for better/wider/stronger/faster/younger versions too. I didn't think about the trailer flipping up with the box/wheels reversed. Thought about doing that, think I won't.
And the box faces with the hinge forward. Just using a spring clip to hold it. If someone was going to steal my E36 M3, they would have done so when I pretty much dumped everything out of the frunk/trunk/seats onto garbage bags on the grass in the paddock.
Ratcheting tow straps are tricky. Mine kept coming loose on my trailer. Couldn't figure out why. Eventually stumbled upon Mac's Custom Tie Downs and their FAQ videos and learned that in order for ratchet straps to not loosen, you need 2 full rounds of strap through the ratcheting part in order for them not to come loose.
codrus wrote: The problem with putting the tires on the front is that when you take them off at the event, the weight of the tools/etc in the box wants to make the trailer flip backwards.
Yes, Contico is the box to get. Be leery of other black, plastic boxes. One good day on the hot blacktop and direct sun can cause some of these cheaply made boxes to permanently distort.
We have small trailers at work that we put a square leg down on in the back to keep from flipping the trailer back. Our guys have a tendency too put bags of cement mix in back and, of course, there's no weight in the front. Square tube slides through another piece of square tube with a bolt running through for securing.
yes, straps loosen and loads settle. Even my 3200 pound boat needed it's 3" straps tightened after a hundred miles
Just returned from Home Depot with 2" heavier duty ratcheting straps, hoping they work better. And they will be put through the wheels, not over them.
I also bought 5' of 1/4" chain to make longer safety chains. The hitch butts up against a plate so the place for the safety chain is blocked. I am going to try to make a new one to go to the tow hooks on either side of the car instead.
Find someone throwing away a pop up camper and grab the flip down legs off the corners. They lock up or down, weigh next to nothing, and make great tongue stands or rear braces.
Along S-most road entering abandoned subdivision E of FL 3, 2. Walk for a cause where the benefits stay right here in Brevard County. Preacher Bar Astronaut Blvd. There are no volunteer opportunities that match your filtering criteria. Moms who deepthroat videos. Card making is the craft of hand-making greeting cards. Learn about open enrollment for Medicare, different insurance options, and what you need to know to be prepared.
Clearly you visited long enough to take note of some landmarks, but you have no clue about the Cocoa Beach community. We wanted to share this opportunity with you For the ill informed, the billboards and advertising paint Cocoa Beach as a sophisticated, tropical paradise along the Space Coast of Florida. This guy sounds like a jackass. Merritt island florida it lick Black cock dick fuck my wife Wild orgy movies Blue line swinger lyrics Nas sperm collection Wilad anal fisting. Restaurant details Dining options:
There are a lot of people that have some trouble with foods. They might be lactose intolerant or have an allergy to peanuts, wheat, dairy, you name it. If there is a food then there is most like someone out there that has an allergy to it. With all of the products on the market, it might be hard for people with food allergies to keep track of everything that goes into a product.
Living with a food allergy can present a lot of problems especially if there is a combination of allergies. Gluten intolerance is also a large problem in America. Wheat can not have all of the gluten taken out of it, yet it can still be listed as gluten free. It pays to do your research on the foods you love and the foods you want if you suffer from a food allergy because there are a lot of alternatives out there now. Those that are dairy intolerant or allergic can even enjoy desserts like cupcakes and other foods that were once only made with dairy.
Egg allergy sufferers can also now find some great substitutions, some as easy as just using apple sauce in a recipe instead of egg. Select your foods wisely, don’t rely on the information on the boxes at the grocery store. Do you research and make sure your foods don’t contain those elements that you are allergic to. One alternative that is being used for those that can’t eat chocolate is the acai berry. This has been a welcomed discovery for those that love the taste of chocolate but can’t eat it.
[…] This post was mentioned on Twitter by Amy Winstead, Christine Paxton. Christine Paxton said: Allergy Sufferers, Diet Plans, Acai Berry and Lactose Intolerance: There are a lot of people that have some tr… http://twurl.nl/waaovr […]
The cold hard facts about the acai berry are that there are really no cold hard facts, just a lot of conjecture and speculation. While much of this conjecture comes from people that are using the acai berry and gaining benefits, none of that data is being collected within the scientific community on a large scale, so much of the information you will read about the benefits of the berry are only considered untested speculation within the health and science community. How can that change? As more people use the acai berry and more ask health questions pertaining to the benefits that they themselves recognize, then funding will start to become available for more research on the subject.
What has been proven about acai is that it is a healthy food that contains a good amount of B vitamins and antioxidants. Antioxidants are being connected to a plentiful amount of health benefits and those can be attributed back to the acai also. The blueberry has very similar qualities and also recognized some of the same notoriety that acai is getting now.
If you have heard about the recent crackdown on acai websites that were making false claims about the food, but don’t know why or what happened, then here is the summary:
A number of acai berry sites were practicing fraudulent activity in that they made their websites look like legitimate news companies. Not only that, but they used the names of some very big corporations in order to dupe people into buying their products or clicking links. Despicable, but now, those sites are nearly almost all collected and dealt with.
One of the problems with completing a successful workout is not knowing how to properly exercise. A common misconception when it comes to exercising is that a longer workout will always be more beneficial. In most cases that is not true, it is better to focus on the strength of the workout, rather than the length.
Another misconceived notion is that heavier weights will improve one more than lighter. This depends on what outcome one is looking for. If looking to gain muscle, heavier weights are good, but if one is looking to get lean and toned it are better to do more reps with lighter weights. It is also good to know that weights can be helpful for both men and women.
People, who think that because they are exercising they can eat junk, should know that is not true. Eating properly is important in any diet and exercise program, and it improves muscle retention as well as energy level. Finally it is always important to switch up an exercise routine. While it is good to follow a plan, new exercises will help keep one motivated instead of bored.
Even for people not looking weight loss, the acai berry is also beneficial for improving the general health of the body. The acai berry is very well known for its high nutritional value and the large number of antioxidants it contains. Researchers believe these nutrients and antioxidants found in the acai berry can improve cardiovascular health, energy levels, skin elasticity as well as increased metabolism.
Some researchers even claim that the fruit possesses nutrients that will improve male’s sexual performance. The fruit is often used in conjunction with a diet and weight loss plan claiming to increase the amount of weight loss when used in conjunction.
The fruit was discovered in the Amazon Rainforest and has since become a very popular supplement option in health and nutrition stores all over America and the world. There have been many satisfied customers who still back the products claims of improving health and weight loss.
Every day the human body burns calories completing the easiest most common tasks. Even when sleeping the body is burning calories in order to gain energy. All around there are easy ways to increase the normal amount of calories burned. One of the easiest ways to burn extra calories during a normal weight loss diet plan routine is to increase the amount of walking done.
This can be completed by something as easy as parking as far away from the office or grocery store and speed walking to the entrance. Another great way to burn extra calories is by taking the stairs instead of the elevator. Walking up stairs burns 10 calories every minute, imagine how many would be burned if one is running up the stairs. Another great way to burn calories and tone muscles is by flexing and holding for a long period of time.
While sitting in an office chair, flex the abdominal muscles for a whole minute, release for a minute and then flex again.
There are many cases of weight loss in which diet and exercise just don’t make enough of a difference. This could be because the dieter is not sticking to a solid diet plan or weight loss exercise plan, or it could be because of the way their specific body reacts to certain foods and exercise.
If this is the case it is good to look into purchasing a weight loss supplement that may help jump start the diet and increase metabolism along with weight loss.
Recently many people have been turning to the well-known super fruit, the acai berry. Researchers claim this fruit will increase not only weight loss and metabolism rates, but also cardiovascular health and increased energy. Many Americans have used these products and have been immensely satisfied with the results. Although the fruit alone will not produce weight loss when used with a diet and exercise plan it is known to speed the loss up.
Many Americans who are looking to lose weight rely on fad diet plans that claim ‘miracle weight loss. These people should know that any significant weight loss comes from hard work and a good diet, not from a little pill. Although many supplements, such as acai berry, can help people reach their weight loss goals, there is no pill that will automatically make them skinny and healthy.
Proper exercise, focusing on cardio, as well as a healthy diet full of nutrients and with a low carbohydrate and fat count is more likely to help shed the pounds. Exercise and diet plans should be stuck with, and made a part of everyday life. After meeting the weight loss goal, dieters should not stop exercising, but rather rework the daily exercise plan to maintain the optimal weight they are looking for. It is good to talk to a personal nutritionist or trainer when creating a exercise and diet plan.
We could all use a PR person like the one the Acai Berry has. This little berry has found its way into health stores, grocery stores and the Acai Berry appears to be in the news every day. Most of the news is hype of course, but the truth of the amazing Acai Berry lies within. There is a lot of truth to some of the claims about this berry. Some of that truth might also be subjective; perhaps it has helped a lot of people lose weight, but then again, it may just be that those people have started living healthier because they tried the Acai Berry.
Healthy eating habits can lead to a healthier lifestyle and eventually that may lead to weight loss. So, when a company claims that their product helps you shed pounds, there may be some truth to it, but that truth is in the health benefits of eating healthier. Acai contains antioxidants and a concentrated amount of vitamins, so if you are getting energy from the Acai Berry, there’s really no wonder why. Vitamins have long been a suitable supplement for giving energy.
There are those that are skeptical about the Acai Berry and the claims made about it. There’s no doubt that the hype is huge and skepticism is very important in relation to personal health. The truth of this berry is that it can be a great food to add to your diet for an improved amount of naturally
Acai can be found in a wide variety of forms since its popularity has increased. Purchasers are able to choose from fruit extracts, acai juices, organic freeze dried acai, acai powders or even acai supplements in pill form.
When purchasing acai it is smart to do some research before deciding which type of the super fruit to buy. Many people prefer the juice, because it is easy to consume and many find the taste enjoyable and do not consider it a chore to consume. However, juices have proven to be unreliable when it comes to the percentage of actual acai found in the juice. Many times the juices are watered down versions of the fruit and will not have nearly as much nutritional benefit.
Another popular form of the fruit are the fruit extracts. Although these items may be organic and come directly from the fruit, it does not provide the user with the complete nutritional value.
Because they are pieces of the fruit that are taken out of the whole berry, it only provides a part of the benefits. If the whole berry is not available in a health food store in the purchasers area, another viable option is the organically freeze dried acai. This option, when dried at the proper time, will contain the highest amount of acai nutrients.
The following images are of former schools located in Harlan County. You can click on the thumbnails and view each in a larger format which includes the name of the school.
Parental Involvement is a combination of commitment and active participation on the part of the parent to the school and to the student. A child's ideas about education and its significance begin with the parent and for students to achieve at a high level, parents must play an active role in the educational processes of their children.
Dr. Joyce Epstein - "When parents, teachers, students, and others view one another as partners in education, a caring community forms around students and begins its work."
Please feel free to contact us with questions and comments about our District and find out how you can help make a difference in our children's lives.
was 713x990 pixels. To look for some pictures by collection are on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Idee Di Immagini Da Colorare Di Spiderman here. you will get information of the picture.
This Beta Version is under construction and is for testing only, live version will be up in January 2014, This progam uses the Honda Parts book to allow users to identify parts, location within sub assemblys and look up parts numbers, they can check if others have parts available, parts are reproduced, or if others are looking for the part. The program is designed to be tablet friendly, so that you can look up parts on the tablet while you are working on the car
i walk in holding somthing behind my back the best i could "so what would you do for one?" i ask grinning
You did a beautiful reading for me last night that really lifted my spirits~ it was very on point. :o)
What can I say. It was all very accurate.. you described me very well and pointed out my favourite things which surprised me as I hardly talk about them (or myself in depth). It was so accurate you could have gotten away with saying we had physically met.. impressive
and I know there is no way you could have known those things about me. I was pretty impressed when you said you could also smell tea.. as I had just made one when you started the reading. I'm impressed and you are very gifted with this abiliy.. I appreciate your time, you are a very good judge of character / personality and reader as a whole. Keep up with the good work, you will changes lives one at a time with your gifts and spirit~ hugs Daania..
You did a wonderful job!! with the reading that you gave me I thought that you were spot on with everything that you were saying about me. As you were giving me the reading you were so accurate that I had a smile on my face throughout the entire reading. The fact that you were able to pick up on how I had been through some dark times but am gradually coming out of it is something that I don't feel that anyone could guess that I felt like you really were tuned into me I have met many gifted people in my 21 years of life but I must say you are very gifted & talented woman and I am very blessed to have gotten the opportunity to receive the reading that I received from you. Your reading gave me a lot of hope and you are very much appreciated!! Thank you sooooo much!! For the energy you put into my reading and also for taking the time out of day to enlighten me :)
"Everyone who takes time to be kind is beautiful. Do what you feel in your heart to be right.. For you'll be criticized anyway."
Except for username prefixed urls, the url may start with http://jsbin.com/abc and the url fragments can be added to the url to view it differently.
Started the session for level two last evening – it was wonderful to welcome back returning students, and one brand new aspiring diva. These gals are up for a challenge, so we’re going to work on travel steps, and play with props…I love my job!
Ported to Drupal by Drupalizing a Project of More than Themes. Designed by Site5 WordPress Themes. Webmastering by Nicolas Guerder
Fashionable, five pannel cap withmesh panels in many different colors. It has six stitches on the peak, stylish potnink and adjustable snap the plastic clip. Lightweight, stylish, perfect.
Grammage: 300 G /m2. Orders are made on the T-shirt of very good quality, on thick and durable material.
Practical plastic case for your iPad. Thanks to the perfect design, it protects your iPad during everyday use. It's unique and attractive thanks to the perfect print. Now your iPad is both safe and fit for you!
Description: Sweatshirt with high collar and raglan sleeve,made of very soft in the touch knit made of the highest quality organic Ring Spun Combed Cotton. This type of cotton is made only from high quality raw material with long, thin and very durable fibers is selected for its spinning. Ring Spun's yarn has very twisted fibers, which makes the weave stronger, does not fray and gently shines.
Prints made in DTG technology. To enjoy the print longer, please hand launder and iron on the left side. Do not bleach, do not boil, do not burn, do not dig, do not throw in the keg with acid ... wear with pride.
Such a lovely collection of cosmetics! I really love the packaging! Thanks for the great review and pictures :)
TechTarget publishes more than 100 focused websites providing quick access to a deep store of news, advice and analysis about the technologies, products and processes crucial to the jobs of IT pros.
My understanding is that art is suppose to move you emotionally... I don't get "moved", inspired, or excited by watching even the greatest pua's pick up women lol. If pick up is not an art then why do they call themselves artists?
The word "art" is used in different senses. For me, the top Google prompts, for instance... "the art of...war", "the art of...shaving", "the art of manliness", "the art of the deal"
I guess the term "art" is used to make pickup and everything else you mentioned seem "sophisticated"? By the way, here is the definition of art, according to google and not Ayn Rand:
"the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power."
4. the conscious use of skill and creative imagination especially in the production of aesthetic objects the art of painting landscapes; also work so produced
I guess the term "art" is used to make pickup and everything else you mentioned seem "sophisticated"?
As natural languages evolve, words often end up referring to different concepts in different contexts. Take the word "man", for instance: it can be used to mean humans the species, a single human, or it can be used to mean a biological male. There's no reason to get hung up on it, you can get the meaning from context, and accept that no, someone using man in one sense is not trying to refer to the word's other meanings (unless you're a feminist, then apparently you lose that ability).
Same here: artist is used to mean a master of a craft (an artisan). It simply denotes excellence in a field or activity, and has nothing to do with the modern definition of art in the context of Aesthetics. This (excellence at a craft) is actually the original meaning of the word, it only started being used to refer to the profession of someone who creates 'art for the sake of art' after the Renaissance.
Curious now, as I don't have a firm grasp on the O'ist view of art. Is there a way for a pick up artist's approach to become a "work of art" in the O'ist's sense? I guess it could be similar to a performance art or no?
No. Ayn Rand agreed with what most of the world has believed since the Renaissance: art is something you do for its own sake, not for a utilitarian purpose.
I guess some pua's can move women emotionally. Not sure if I would trust a pua if I was a woman. Some of the advice on how to become attractive is ok but most of the "art" is manipulative and deceptive.
Not sure if I would trust a pua if I was a woman. Some of the advice on how to become attractive is ok but most of the "art" is manipulative and deceptive.
I know right? If you see a woman you find interesting, just walk straight up to her and tell her so! I guess there is a way of doing this that will maximize your chances with the woman but you can't be compatible with everybody so it is up to her to see if she is interested in you.
Aw…Hen is just too cute! I don't suppose you were able to get the Cake to pose in the beard and hat?
This is a wonderful room as its design makes life easy for a conference organiser. The Grand Conference Room is a large, bright and airy space with an abundance of natural daylight. The decor is fresh, warm and inviting with a palette of neutral colours and Swarowski crystal chandeliers to add that touch of magic. The high ceiling and wall of windows help to keep delegates alert and attentive and result in a spacious comfortable room to be in for the day.
The Grand has its own direct entrance from the car park and two convenient options for delegate registration; the ease of access just off the lobby or the car park combines with the fresh, invigorating sea breezes to offer an unrivalled sense of arrival and anticipation. This room can be set up many different ways and works well for a networking-focused events; our couches and coffee tables set up in one part of the room help create a very relaxed, convivial atmosphere.
Adjoining the conference room is the lobby; ideal for networking and/or exhibition set up (accommodates 10-15 stands). Restrooms are located directly outside the main door.
For further information please call or email the Garryvoe team for a callback to discuss your needs in more detail with one of our management team.
Had to get up at 5am today to get the kids off to their Pop Warner football game in San Francisco. Good job that my son won his game and my daughter cheered like a champ.
Unfortunately the same could not be said for the 49ers….for the first 20 minutes they appeared to be cruising and then the wheels came off.
This was on top of Man Utd giving up two late goals to draw with Everton and the SF Giants losing to the Padres (they redeemed themselves today though).
What a great time of year for sports….Baseball playoff race, NFL started, Premier League started and the Ryder Cup coming up. This next month is the best month of the year for sports.
After MRI and X-Ray, the diagnosis was that I have badly damaged tendons in my ankle….but a damaged achilles is a whole lot better than a torn achilles so I’m pretty happy (1 month versus 6 months recovery).
This weekend I’m being told to do nothing and keep weight off my foot. On Monday, I have to go back and get either a boot or a cast fitted.
This kinda sucks given that I’ve got a lot of travel planned over the next few weeks. I’m meant to be in Vegas on Tuesday onwards for the Tier1 Hosting Summit…have about 8 individual meetings scheduled and I’m also speaking on a panel.
For some reason, just stopped working. Everyone probably thinks that I’ve been very quiet which is not the case…hope this one works.
Customer of ours is looking for a Nimsoft sys admin. Very cool company – location could be Bay Area or Dallas.
“It was so easy to select you as the preferred solution, you were the only vendor that didn’t hide under the table when we questioned you about our requirements. Clearly you understand the unique challenges of service providers.”
“In all my years in this business, the meeting that you did for our team was the single best executed vendor meeting I have ever been to.”
“Your reputation speaks for itself. Anyone that has Rackspace & Softlayer as customers has already won me over. They are so technically smart that they are difficult organizations to please”
These fused glass wind chimes are designed with the beauty of sound in mind. Each piece is individually handcrafted by experienced glass artisans and assembled in a way that creates relaxing symphonics as well as a stunning reflection of light. With an easy to hang hook, they are ready to be enjoyed on the patio, by the pool, or right in the window.
It's not the end of April, but we've had the last Sunday, which is good enough for me. "American Boy" managed four weeks at number one, and now we move on to...
Madonna's built a career around collaborating with fashionable producers, usually with successful results, and if anything the surprise is that it's taken her this long to get around to working with Timbaland. After all, he's worked with everyone else. He's probably made a record with my granny. I'll have to ask her the next time I see her.
This is an odd song. Musically, it's really growing on me. Lyrically, it's bordering on gibberish - I think it's meant to be one of those awful "let us dance together, it is the most important thing ever" things, and even that doesn't come across very clearly. And as for the video... well, it's a bit of a mess, isn't it? They've put a lot of work into those special effects, but the result is just rather confusing.
Still, I like it. And it has the odd distinction of taking five weeks to climb to number one - something that was virtually unthinkable a couple of years ago, but seems to have become possible again thanks to the word-of-mouth nature of download sales. It didn't actually get a physical release until week six, and for that matter, the single had been on the charts for the better part of a month before the video came out. It's an unusual, slow-build marketing strategy which seems to work.
- As if to prove my point that Kanye West has a staggeringly erratic sales record in the UK, his new single "Flashing Lights" bombed out at number 29. True, the video has been deemed unplayable on daytime TV (it features a woman in lingerie bludgeoning Kanye to death with a shovel, although it's very tastefully shot). But "Homecoming" didn't have a video at all when it was released as a UK single, and it still made the top 10. People just don't like this one very much, I guess.
- Australian singer Sam Sparro got to number 2 with his debut "Black and Gold", which is a classy little number. This guy might be on to something; we're probably overdue for a revival of adult-oriented electropop.
- Here's an interesting piece of repackaging. Following Robyn's recent renewed success, British labels have apparently been hunting for other Swedish acts along the same line. And they've come up with Petra Marklund, who records as "September" - a name that I suspect probably works better in Swedish. She's on her fourth album in Sweden, but she's never troubled the attention of the British before now. Frankly, videos like this probably didn't help.
So the UK record label has decided that a different tack is required. Here's what they came up with - presumably in association with the Latex and Neon Marketing Board.
It's... well, it's a bit tacky, let's be honest. And it's a bit sub-Kylie. But it's a better fit for the song. Incidentally, one of Robyn's videos was also re-shot for the UK market, although if you ask me, the Swedish version of "Be Mine" was much better than the tedious-night-at-the-youth-club British video.
- The British are always keen to jump on a new bandwagon, and since our top 40 is based on sales instead of airplay, it's surprisingly easy for MySpace buzz to translate to chart positions. As a classic example, here are the Black Kids, a Florida band who have never made the US chart - in fact, I'm not sure they've ever even released a record in their home country - but still got to number 11 here with "I'm Not Gonna Teach Your Boyfriend How To Dance With You."
This is perhaps the indiest thing I've heard in years - I keep expecting a Chart Show caption to come up, telling me that it's number 8 on the indie chart below the Pale Saints - but it's a grower. And it has girls shouting, which is always good.
- Sometimes the music press are right when they seize on a band, and the Arctic Monkeys were an example of that. Now lead singer Alex Turner has formed a side project, the Last Shadow Puppets, with Miles Kane (who's in a band called the Rascals, which you're now supposed to say in a knowing fashion, as if you had heard of them before now - they've released two singles, neither of which made the top 75, although something tells me that'll change).
Their debut single, "The Age of the Understatement", got to number 9; the album entered at number one today. And it's good stuff; the Scott Walker-style orchestral backings really bring out another side of their songs. The single sounds like a sixties pop band doing a western theme, so naturally the video has them wandering around Moscow in the snow... No, I don't quite get it either. But it works, doesn't it?
At Great Beginnings Child Care, child care and education are provided by highly trained, dedicated teachers and staff who encourage children’s natural curiosity and wonder within a safe, home-like environment. It’s the perfect place for children to play, laugh and discover.
All teachers at Great Beginnings have a deep understanding of the High Scope approach to educational daycare, an approach that creates a nurturing environment for development. The curriculum strengthens children’s emerging physical, social-emotional, cognitive and language skills.
Every day, Great Beginnings teachers use activities written by early childhood experts in fields like math, literature, science, creative arts and social studies. They choose activities based on the unique needs and interests of the children in their classes. And our low student-to-teacher ratio means we can pay personal attention to children’s needs and skill levels.
All staff is required to have an extensive background check annually and to take anywhere from 8 to 14 hours of childcare related classes. They are also required to update CPR and 1st Aid certificates annually.
Contents © 2018 Great Commission Missions Inc | Church Website Provided by mychurchwebsite.net | Privacy Policy
Trademark Disclaimer: Product names, images, logos, brands and other trademark featured with in the greaternoidaweb.in website are the property of their respective trademark holders.
The Great Harbor Maritime Museum features changing exhibits. Past exhibits have included steamship transportation on Mt. Desert Island and model boat exhibitions.
The Great Harbor Maritime Museum operates out of the old town firehouse. The building has undergone extensive renovations to transform its function from an active firehouse to a museum. The museum is located on 125 Main Street in Northeast Harbor.
How many of the 40 below you will stick with for the next 12 months?! GOOD question! Go on – have a look and see where you go! Health: 1. Drink plenty of water. 2. Eat breakfast like a king, … Continue reading →
Know Harrisburg Class of 2006 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2006 Class List by adding missing names.
More 2006 alumni from Harrisburg HS Harrisburg, AR have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2006 alumni.
Missing some friends from Harrisburg High that graduated with you in 2006? Check the list below that shows the Harrisburg Harrisburg, AR class of '06.
If you are an alumn of Harrisburg you should register now in the alumni directory. We also encourage you to interact with the rest of the alumni on this site. You can find old friends, share photos and stay updated on the latest school news.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Harrisburg High School	of Harrisburg, Arkansas
…[E]ven if we sacrifice the letter of the old Bachelor of Arts degree, we should strive to preserve its spirit. This spirit is threatened at present in manifold ways,---by the upward push of utilitarianism and kindergarten methods, by the downward push of professionalism and specialization, by the almost irresistible pressure of commercial and industrial influences. … The time is above all one for careful thinking and accurate definition. This, it is to be feared, will prove unwelcome doctrine to the ears of an age that hopes to accomplish its main ends by the appointment of committees, and has developed, in lieu of real communion among men, nearly every form of gregariousness. -- Irving Babbitt, Literature and the American College (1908).
Have we raised the threshold of horror so high that nothing short of a nuclear strike qualifies as a 'real' war? - Arundhati Roy
In the age of technology there is constant access to vast amounts of information. The basket overflows; people get overwhelmed; the eye of the storm is not so much what goes on in the world, it is the confusion of how to think, feel, digest, and react to what goes on. - Criss Jami
He looked furtively from side to side, observing the mix of humanity walking past him with mixed emotions. His mind reeled as he wrestled with a dichotomy, hating everything that these people stood for while simultaneously feeling sad and alone that he was never able to partake of its many gifts. He didn’t see their struggles, sadness, anger or difficulties but instead focused on their blessings, happiness and apparent abundance and he hated them for it.
Thinking this way made it easier for him to do what he was told was his duty and destiny but even now he wasn’t sure.
“Should I do this or should I find another way?”, he wondered, desperate to know that he was doing the right thing or what the right thing even was.
He clenched his hands in frustration, inadvertently squeezing the small device in his hand and thereby committing himself to an outcome before he could decide for himself.
They had been privy to the man’s thoughts and emotions for his entire Life, from the moment of his birth, to his years of being bullied and intimidated, to his desperate need to be wanted and appreciated, to his befriending by people who sought goals contrary to his own but which he was vulnerable to embrace …. right up to the moment that they were observing now.
They turned their attention back to the holographic image that floated between them. Emergency crews were responding to the event and fear was evident in the immediate area.
“Perhaps”, the third man replied, “But do you notice that their media no longer covers it in detail like they used to. There was a time when much analysis would be offered by the groups humans refer to as news agencies but now such events barely command a mention.”
“Because”, began the third, “They have spent so many decades desensitizing themselves through over analysis of such events that violence and a lack of sensitivity to such events has become the rule and not the exception. Social media, which they invented so that they would be better connected with each other, has revealed that many carry pain, unbridled anger or other semblances of brokenness that they routinely and ruthlessly thrust upon the masses. Social media has given a voice to many who shouldn’t have one and who years ago would have languished in private, with their evilness, contempt and brokenness destined to remain trapped in their minds until they died. Pornography, once an underground interest, now exists as an accepted mainstream form of entertainment and seeks to diminish the sacredness of intimacy in humans, reducing human contact to acts of lust or violence or opportunities for power or self diminishment. Their news and entertainment industries now routinely portray violence and death in a way that it is often more graphic than the real thing while simultaneously making such images entertaining, engaging and even desirable. Even their religions, supposedly meant to inspire, have been reduced to acts of corruption and evil and positive leadership of any type, whether in government or otherwise, is difficult to find. For leadership, they are so desperate that they look to entertainers who beguile them with empty drivel wrapped up as inspirational material with a demand that people live as they say and not as they do. In regards to what we are watching right now, terrorist acts and warnings became so common over time that terrorists kept having to outdo previous attempts in order to achieve the same shock and horror value until they finally reached a point where they could no longer top previous efforts and so their efforts no longer produce meaningful results.”
“The reality”, he continued, “is that humans cannot be terrorized in the traditional way anymore. Their tolerance level to shock from anything, including events such as this, has finally reached its pinnacle.”
“You are saying that humans cannot be terrorized at all?”, asked the first, frowning as he contemplated the information presented to him.
“I didn’t say that”, replied the third, “I said that they can no longer be terrorized in the traditional way.”
“It means that a unique event never before seen by mankind and so horrific that no amount of exposure in present society could have prepared them for it is required to both terrify them and unify them in their humanity”, the third said, no trace of emotion showing in his voice.
“And do you know what type of event this would be?”, demanded the first, “It sounds like such an event could either correct the race or destroy it.”
Two images were presented simultaneously, one that represented the rebirth of humanity and one that represented its apocalyptic end.
“Because”, replied the third man, “Two possibilities are present. What determines which one becomes their reality is up to them.”
“It comes down to their awareness of their humanity and what unites them instead of what divides them”, he said quietly.
All three men resumed their attention to the events taking place on Earth as emergency crews concluded their clean-up activities.
“We have leveraged these terrorists for years”, a man said as he watched the news in a hotel somewhere in Washington, “And now the news doesn’t seem to care anymore. How can we drive our agenda if the news doesn’t help us?”
“Fear not”, his companion replied, “While the news is not as sensitive as it used to be, we can still promote the message that such people do not represent our beliefs and that we continue to be peaceful.”
This post was inspired by two tweets by B.D. Foley, a retired CIA Operations Officer and author, in response to a tweet that I shared earlier today. Here are the tweets:
His tweet is actually a paraphrase of a quote from his book, CIA Street Smarts for Women: Spy Skills to Tell the Prince from the Predator.
There's so much violence in our society that terrorists must wonder how they can continue to terrorize. Westerners have seen it all in the violent games, movies, and TV programs. Terrorist chants of "Death to America, death to everyone" are now met with yawns.
When a man of Mr. Foley’s background makes an observation, even casually, I think it is worth sitting up and paying attention to. His book, while directed towards women, is a book that we all should read, for our own protection and for the safety of our partners and our children.
The epilogue (referencing the Mossad’s motto) is unrelated but something that is intriguing to me. In addendum 2 of my blog post If Paris Surprised You, Then You Are Part of the Problem, I made an observation about the Muslim belief of a concept called taqiya. Here is the relevant excerpt from that blog post.
I was discussing my blog with a Muslim today. He and his family fled Iran just before the Revolution in 1979. He asked me if I was familiar with taqiya, a concept whereby a follower of Islam may deny his faith, lie or say / do deceitful things or commit illegal or blasphemous acts, especially if they are in fear, under attack or need to accomplish a task that honors Allah. It is written into Sharia law as an approved and condoned practice for the previously noted reasons. It is described here (Wikipedia) and here (How Taqiya Alters Islam's Rules of War).
When I asked him how you can trust someone who is encouraged to lie “in a way condoned by Allah” to promote the objectives of one’s faith, a faith where jihad is one’s religious duty because of the obligation to convert everybody to Islam willingly or by force, he shrugged and said “you can’t”.
He admitted that a Muslim could deny affiliation with extremists while privately endorsing them, could proclaim to be peaceful to your face while literally stabbing you in the back and could even burn down their own Mosque if it could be pinned on “someone against Islam” (establishing innocent victimhood) while at the same time remaining calm about it to show they are a peaceful religion. In other words, anything that advances the cause of Allah is permitted.
It is not to suggest that all Muslims would lie for any reason, although whether someone was telling you the truth about their faith or was lying to mislead you is something you may or may not detect until additional damage was done.
While this is officially a part of Sharia law, other religions are not exempt from lying to serve their own needs, including abuse by Catholic priests and other atrocities committed “with the blessing of God”.
Of course, this concept is not limited to religion alone. Politicians and other people routinely lie under the guise of representing our best interests.
I think we are a complex race, filled with phenomenal potential, a potential that is weighed down by complexities that we create for selfish, greedy or power-centric reasons.
If we can get past these things, we will all be better off and will be free to live up to our phenomenal potential.
This series, a departure from my usual musings, is inspired as a result of conversations with former senior advisors to multiple Presidents of the United States, senior officers in the US Military and other interesting folks as well as my own professional background as a Wall St. / Fortune 25 strategy advisor and large-scale technology architect.
While this musing is just “fiction” (note the quotes) and a departure from my musings on technology, strategy, politics and society, as a strategy guy, I do everything for a reason and with a measurable outcome in mind. :-)
For the last six decades Central Government Health Scheme is providing comprehensive medical care to the Central Government employees and pensioners enrolled under the scheme. In fact CGHS caters to the healthcare needs of eligible beneficiaries covering all four pillars of democratic set up in India namely Legislature, Judiciary, Executive and Press. CGHS is the model Health care facility provider for Central Government employees & Pensioners and is unique of its kind due to the large volume of beneficiary base, and open ended generous approach of providing health care.
All Central Govt. Servants paid from Civil Estimates (other than those employed in Railway Services and those employed under Delhi Administration except members of (Delhi Police Force).
Pensioners drawing pension from Civil Estimates and their family members – (Pensioner residing in non- CGHS areas also may obtain CGHS Card from nearest CGHS covered City)
Govt. CMO (Chief Medical Officer) In-charge of the dispensary gives professional and personal advice to the patients regarding specific treatment or surgical procedure or pathological tests required by him or her based on individual case-study. The requisite permission is granted by the CMO (Chief Medical Officer) In-charge to the government employees to undergo such tests at one of the recognized Hospitals or Diagnostic centre under the purview of Central Government Health Scheme. In case of retired government employees viz. pensioner CGHS beneficiaries, ex-Members of Parliament, Freedom Fighters, ex-Governors, retired Supreme Court and High Court judges etc. the permission to avail medical benefits provided under this CGHS is granted by Chief Medical Officer In-charge of that concerned dispensary. In case of Honorable Members of Parliament, the requisite permission is granted by and by Rajya Sabha Secretariat. In case of Serving Govt. employees, the requisite permission to avail medical facilities is given by HOD (Head of the Department), as the case may be. In case of serving employees and pensioners of Autonomous bodies covered under CGHS, the requisite permission for availing healthcare benefits under CGHS scheme is acceded by the respective HOD (Head of the Department) of such Autonomous institutions.
This paper examines the timing of big retailers’ initial internationalization and proposes a theoretical framework. Then, the framework is tested with the proportional hazard model and data of European and U.S. big retailers. Empirical results show that retailers’ entry timing is jointly influenced by the economic conditions of both the home market and target foreign markets, cultural and geographical distance, and the entry mode. Based on these findings, this article offers suggestions to China’s big retailers whose initial internationalization has just started.
Wallpaper #1 of 9 - Check out these pictures of Eva Mendes's hairstyles. There's several different haircuts, looks, & styles that Eva Mendes likes to showcase. See which one you like best!
What do you have to explain to your friends and family who only see the movies? - Page 5 - Chamber of Secrets
i was really surprised to find that my sister who has only watched several of the movies thought that hermione and harry would become a couple!how wrong she was! i, and all other harry readers in the room, were gobsmacked.
My ex-boyfriend and I had a trade-off...I watched the "Firefly" series, and he would watch HP (I tried to get him to read the books, but he's dead set on watching all seven movies before reading...crazy...).
But when he watched CoS, he asked if the diary-Riddle had anything to do with Voldie not completely disappearing, and I wanted to go into Horcruxes and such, but knew it would be lost...just said it had to do with book 6.
People always ask about Lupin and the map, and why Sirius and he get along at the end, if Sirius broke out of prison...
My family always had a hard time with the movies, more and more so as they progressed. They never seemed to understand things like the map, and I would have to say that movie four had them very confused. I cant remember all of the questions they asked, but they didn't get the point of the triwiz tournament
Well, sometimes the muggles I go with see the inconsistancies in the film, and I do have to try and explain how this happened or that character got there. One thing I have noticed is that once you start telling them what they've missed, the want more and more. I love loaning out my books and seeing new fans emerge right before my eyes.
Harry flirted with Tinkerbell for about an hour before he realized that she was the new substitute DADA teacher.
I finally got tired of trying to explain to hubby to be about the difference so one night I tossed the first book on his side of the bed and said if you read all 6 books then I wont harp any more about the fact I will miss both movie 5 and release of book 7 due to wedding and honeymoon. Well he read them and loved them me on the other hand....well hubby to be knows I love him and he says he loves me to but will not change the wedding date of 7/13/2007....but I digress.
The truth is the movies are great on their own and for the most part you can watch them and understand them without having to read the books. However I do always tell people who have only seen the movies you are missing out on some awsome writing by one of the best authors of my childs time.
im constantly teling my brother to read the books but he wont listen to me...he says he will just get bored. and im like..but you havent even tried to read them! trust me theyre great. he still wont read them
I feel like I constantly have to explain things to my boyfriend when we watch the movies. He doesn't ask me to, I do it voluntarily. I feel like I have to explain what it is that he is missing out on. I guess it is part of my plan to try to get him to read the books. He likes the movies but doesnt like to read, so he refuses to read them. Hmmph.
Just about everything. If you're ever in the theater with me, you'll hear me whispering things to my mom, dad, and neighbors (who usually come with us) OR you'll hear my sister and I whispering about it.
You can do what I did when I got married. The X-files movie came out the same weekend we got married. I was a big fan at the time, and we managed to squeeze in a matinee on our honeymoon. We had a ball! I know it's not the same as going opening night, but still good!
I've had to explain a lot of stuff to my dad and step-mom. I keep trying to get her to read (my dad's not a reader), but she hasn't taken me up on it yet. But they love the movies. They are so excitied about OotP, it just makes me more excited about it!
well, there was this one time when we watched PoA, and my sister was all like, "what happens to the future hermione when blah blah the past hermione blah blah with the time turner?!" i can't understand her. but when i did, it took me about thirty minutes to explain to her how the time turner works, with matching props and re-watching the scene two times! argh! it was really hard. i just wish she doesn't do that again and just read the book! but i doubt it that she'll understand it better.
well, there was this one time when we watched PoA, and my sister was all like, "what happens to the future hermione when blah blah the past hermione blah blah with the time turner?!" ...... i just wish she doesn't do that again and just read the book! but i doubt it that she'll understand it better.
A lot! I don't really mind it though, I kind of like it because I love to talk about HP and I don't know many others who do. I have seen every HP movie with my aunt and uncle (though I'm not sure about the 5th one) and after every movie they have a lot of questions about who people were or what happened. I know when I saw GoF I was even confused a bit and I'd read the book so it must have been difficult for the non-readers to understand. Seriously, people should read the books. They are awsome and they give you SO much more information. I don't know how well non-readers can follow the series when so much is left out or poorly explained. I know PoA was REALLY poorly explained.
Big shot screaming "Put your hands in the sky!" He said, "Give it up boy, give it up, or you're gonna die".
i try to explain to them what happend when they ask me a question but sometimes i just say.."why dont you read the book?" lol.
usually a lot of stuff.....i wouldn't mind if they did it after the film...but when we are in the cinema watching ti for the first time i want to concentrate in it.....my mother and friends saw a poster of the ootp and it had luna in it and they didn't know who she was, or ginny..... its sawful isn't it
That's one of the benefits of the films. More fans are created in that they read the books and then realise how wonderful our world really is and sooo much more than just the films with their skimming of the true story.
usually a lot of stuff.....i wouldn't mind if they did it after the film...but when we are in the cinema watching ti for the first time i want to concentrate in it.....
Yeah, my father isn't a "wait and see" sort of person- he wants to know what's going on NOW. Since he doesn't usually read the books before we see the film he usually has quite a few questions after the movie, which I try to address, but as of late I've been making excuses more than explaining. Hopefully I won't have to with this next.
Description Another goal of the horse show is to raise money for a charity. Riley Hospital for Children has been the beneficiary of proceeds from the show. A country fair has been added along with special events such as area restaurant’s “Taste for A Cure” where chefs provide a sampling of their signature dishes. Where there are horses there are dogs, so the “Paws to Applause Dog Show” is open to horse show competitors. The dogs are entered in the show for fun.
This is a personal site of the life of Phil and June Landrum of Austin, Texas. We have been blessed by many opportunities to travel around the world. Friends and family suggested we should find a way to share our adventures with others. That is what this site is about.
We would enjoy hearing from you and you may do so by clicking on "Contact Us" under the IMPORTANT LINKS in left column .
You searched for: Country United States Remove constraint Country: United States County Wells Remove constraint County: Wells
Custom printed with Jucifer's official logo and autograph of the musician who plays them! Choose either or order as a bundle. Choose black fade or wood finish for sticks, choice of black or white for picks. These are the authentic size played by Edgar Livengood and Gazelle Amber Valentine!
"Sonic warfare... possibly the most complete album in the band's two decades of existence" - Last Rites
"Incredibly powerful, massively heavy, body-moving, and emotionally intense. Sludge/doom/death of a very high order" - No Clean Singing
Quality shirts in all sizes from a great band-and-fan-friendly company! Shirtkiller is awesome and if you order from them a good portion of your purchase actually goes to help out the bands. \m/
"Throned In Blood may very well be the masterpiece Jucifer have been building up to their entire career... a religious experience"
"The brutal performance and production of 'Throned In Blood' captures Jucifer at their finest... 10/10"
"“Throned In Blood” is the first album that captures the pure essence of what makes Jucifer special and is an easy contender for album of the year"
"Throned in Blood is the record that Jucifer's live show deserves, as it is every bit as destructive, raw, and forceful as the band's monolithic wall of sound"
" Nadir is a raw recording, but it makes for a great snapshot of a band at their inception. Essential listening for all fans of the band and all people who like the slow, heavy, sludgy stuff...a good example of musical archaeology at its finest."
Jucifer - 'Nadir' "This disturbing masterpiece erupted from a crappy barely livable apartment in Athens Georgia. Its inhabitants lived the impoverished life of bohemians and channeled all of their energy into this five song album. Recorded pre-internet Jucifer’s two members had nothing to focus on but their art, and GODDAMN does it show. Nadir drips with a terrifying perfection honed by months of nightly practice. This kind of creativity only blossoms in isolation."
They were staking out unknown territory all the way back in 1994... There's still no-one quite like Jucifer. You can already hear the telepathic level of tightness. I've never seen a band so able to switch between droning guitar/drum atmospherics and shrieking blastbeat fury in time with each other without exchanging so much as a glance.
Jucifer - 'Nadir' "Raw distorted doom sounds with a hypnotic voice that do not sound outdated, but just really intense and highly addictive. Or, as JUCIFER describe their work on Twitter, "two person sonic destruction since 1993. 80 speakers + 6,500 watts can't be wrong." Hell yeah!"
"A soft polarity to the warlike, amp worshiping persona GAV wields fronting Jucifer. These are small stark songs, bravely divest of volume. Voice, guitar, banjo and barely-present drums build naked silhouettes to stand precariously before a lowering sky"
Gazelle Amber Valentine is known primarily for her work in the band Jucifer. In context of Jucifer's live shows, Gazelle is known as an intense stage presence who both inspires and terrorizes audiences with her screams, growls, and uber heavy guitar riffs powered by "Thee White Wall Ov Doom" --- her infamous, enormous, literal wall of speakers.
But those who have explored Jucifer's entire catalog know the banshee-voiced heavy metal "Queen of Amp Mountain" is only one of many personae for Valentine. Over the band's career they have recorded many tracks which bear little in common with that description; tracks which are relatively soft and light, or dark but quiet; in which critics have found reason to praise Gazelle's substantial vocal range and her ability to lead listeners through many different sonic and emotional spaces.
Here for the first time is a full album's worth of that softer side from the sludge metal icon. Sung warmly and sweetly for the most part (no screaming!) and with lyrics alternately wistful, vulnerable, witchy, wise, lamenting, and tongue in cheek, 'Devil's Tower I' hearkens to Valentine's early appreciation for artists like Leonard Cohen, Neil Young, Loretta Lynn and Dolly Parton.
Once in awhile you'll hear a glint of iron beneath the softness, but that's only to be expected. Brief intervals of rain only add to this Sunday afternoon, hair of the dog, move onward towards redemption little record.
JOIN JUCIFER'S MAILING LIST to keep up with tour and new release announcements, special merch offers and more
Throned in Blood Reissue CD within US $15.00 USD Throned in Blood Reissue CD within Canada $20.00 USD Throned in Blood Reissue CD Worldwide $25.00 USD
With the launch of the PetVet at Las Vegas Veterinary Specialty Center last month, Dr. Dana Gietzen was invited by FOX5 to come in and chat about the only High Field (1.5T) MRI system designed specifically for veterinarians.
After finally getting that newfangled FT-8 software to "talk" to my radio, I've been playing around a bit more with FT-8 and looking at some of the You Tube videos about same. My goal is to get more familiar with this new, absolutely feature-rich communication software.
Clearly FT-8 is a powerful communications mode with all kinds of commercial communication applications, not to mention a "Great Leap Forward" for advancing the communication art.
On the other hand, I can see now where one of my ham friend's comments about the ARRL possibly issuing a "DXCC for stations that can't hear each other" comes from.
Indeed, when the FT-8 software is in its automatic mode, it seems that the only essential human interaction needed is a single mouse click to highlight somebody's CQ and the entire QSO exchange from that point forward is automatic.
In that sense, it seems to me that any new DXCC certificate for that mode (indeed, I read where someone has just completed DXCC via FT-8) should be awarded to that person's station call sign....and the name of their computer....rather to the human operator!
And I suppose the next (logical?) step will be for us to simply set a piece of software up to send CQ, and then when somebody (actually their computer) answers, our computer will automatically complete the signal exchange, send a signal report, send "RRR" and then "73" and then go back to calling CQ for the next (automatic) QSO. We could even leave our computers and radios running all day in that mode and simply check back in the evening to see what stations (computers) our computer has "worked".
Again, don't get me wrong, FT-8 is another aspect of our hobby that is really advancing the state of the communication art. And, clearly, it's already proving to be great "candy" for the computer geeks among us not to mention attracting newbees to the hobby.
But, at least with PSK-31, JT-65, RTTY (et al) ....and even with our original "digital" mode (CW)...there's still a good bit of human interaction involved as, with the exception of some macros that we create, we still have to key in our exchanges.
I also fully expect the "CW testing forever" crowd will soon be petitioning the FCC to make copying "FT-8 white noise by ear" an essential part of the USA's future amateur radio license structure.
Bottom line: Sorry, but for me, there simply ain't no "magic" in standing by while two computers talk to each other by amateur radio!
In response to one of my recent posts, someone asked: "Why demonize people for commitment and achievement?” Unfortunately they (like many others in our Service) are trying to equate “achievement” with "access”.
Clearly, there is absolutely nothing wrong if someone wants to “achieve” something as a result of their experiences in ham radio. But, as I've also said a taxpayer supported, federally administered LICENSING system that grants access to our amateur radio frequencies is not the way to do it. Moreover, what the FCC has been doing all these years by forcing “achievement” down EVERYONE’S throat with their stupid “Incentive Licencing” nonsense has since become systemically discriminatory under current US law, and is therefore quite illegal.
Indeed, the ARRL and other similar organizations have a boatload of awards one can strive for and “achieve” for those persons who need some external incentive to do so. Likewise, numerous “achievement” awards are also available for those who want yet another piece of paper to hang on their shack walls to show others how great they are. But those so-called “incentives” have absolutely no place in a licensing system.
As I've repeatedly noted, an FCC license that grants access to operation in our Service is NOT a “diploma”. And the US Federal Government has absolutely NO business continually peddling it as such, particularly in this supposedly “enlightened” age of equal access for all.
Rather, our licenses should be thought of as nothing more than a “permission slip”…a “license to learn” if you will…that simply shows that the holder has proven to the appropriate government agency that they have demonstrated the necessary set of knowledges and skills that will keep themselves and others safe without also causing harmful interference to other hams or other services with the (added) privileges granted.
The bottom line here is that if people want (or need) yet another piece of paper to show they have “achieved” some level of technical or other knowledge in our Service, that can (and should) be a pursuit that is undertaken OUTSIDE of the licensing system and NOT as an integral part of it.
Or, to put it another way, if such persons continually need that kind of "ego stroking" to make themselves feel that they are somehow better than everyone else in our Service, that's certainly their business.
Once again, our "regulatory fundamentalists" are trotting out yet another half-baked reason for retaining an Extra Class license in our licensing structure.
They say that for a license to be acceptable for the European Conference of Postal and Telecommunications Administrations; (CEPT) agreements (which allow reciprocal licensing) the license must cover defined subject matter set by international agreements. Therefore, they say, short of changing the requirements for a license to be acceptable for the purposes of reciprocal licensing (Not trivial, requires international agreement), something that looks very much like the extra class license is required.
The CEPT is NOT a "treaty" requirement, as it has absolutely nothing to do with the ITU regulations.
Rather, it's a separate agreement among several (primarily European) countries to recognize each other's licensing systems for the Amateur Radio Service. As a result, a CEPT permit must, by design, default to the most stringent of the lot…including those that still require a Morse test for access to the HF bands.
What's more, I don' t think the CEPT consortium's "non-recognition" of some of our US licenses is related so much to the number of exams we have in our "incentive" system, as much as it has to do with their relevance (or lack thereof) and/or comparability to most of the rest of the world's licensing systems for our Service.
As I've said, most other licensing systems in the world specifically withhold operating privileges from lower class licensees based primarily on safety and non-interference considerations rather than on rewarding "exclusive" slices of artificially walled-off sub-spectrum to higher class licensees.
Indeed, what I've been advocating in this blog is that the USA needs to stop focusing their licensing system on creating budding RF Engineers and, instead, make the questions on the US exams actually match the operating privileges those licenses grant.
In fact, that's exactly what Canada does right now with their Basic exam...an exam that ALL Canadian hams must now pass in order to get ANY license for our Service in that country.... even for VHF and UHF operation.
I know from my own personal experience (from administering them) that the 100-question Canadian Basic exam is a whopper of a test that not everyone passes the first time...or the second...or the third…or even the fourth! You actually have to "know your stuff" to pass it. And, with 100 questions pulled out of a 900-item question bank, I've also found that it is extremely hard (if not impossible) for candidates to simply "memorize the test". That's probably because the Canadian Basic exam is roughly equivalent in content and comprehensiveness to our US Tech and General exams put together.
That is, rather than focusing on testing obscure parts of our hobby that few (if any of us) will ever need to know about (let alone use!) that Basic exam focuses specifically on examining only those skills and knowledges that hams will absolutely "need to know" in order to keep themselves (and their neighbors) safe and/or from causing harmful interference to other hams or other services.
What's more, unlike our current US Tech license (based on successfully completing a horrifically un-comprehensive, 35-question exam) that grants high power operating and transmitter construction privileges from day one, holders of the Canadian Basic certificate are STILL limited to running only 250 watts of power. Basics also cannot build transmitters "from scratch" (kits are OK) and they can't hold the license of an in-band repeater or club station, or give exams. To do those things, they need to pass yet another, 50-question exam over much more technically oriented subject matter.
That is, unlike our General and Extra Class exams that simply ask more obscure questions about subject matter relating to operating privileges that have (in most cases) already been granted to lower-class licensees in the US system, the Canadian Advanced exam is anything but yet another "achievement test". To put it bluntly, it's a big-time toughie over a whole lot of new material!
However, even though it is a much more comprehensive and technically oriented exam, it still focuses on examining only those added technical knowledges and skills that Advanced certificate holders absolutely need to know to keep themselves and their neighbors safe (and themselves from causing harmful interference) while exercising those newly granted (high power and repeater-enabled) privileges.
The bottom line here is that candidates for licenses in our Service in Canada are examined NOT based on their "achievements" or with an aim to "educate" them into becoming budding RF engineers. Rather, Canadian licensed candidates are examined on what they absolutely need to know to do certain things in our Service based primarily on safety and non-interference concerns…and nothing more.
And before some in our ranks once again accuse me of trying to breed "mediocrity" in our Service, please understand that I am NOT advocating that we "water down" our exam structure any further!
To the contrary, what I AM advocating is that we need to "front end load" our examination requirements and then subsequently examine only those things that we all know (from our own experiences) are specifically required keep ourselves and others safe while also helping to prevent us all from becoming a nuisance to other hams or other services.
Such an approach would, indeed, make an "Extra Class" license totally irrelevant, and therefore absolutely unnecessary. Which, in my mind, it already is.
This approach gets the FCC out of the "education" business (where they absolutely don't belong and where their "incentive" system has proven to be a dismal failure in that regard) and back into simply examining us for basic (and advanced) technical and regulatory competencies that are specifically relevant to what we actually do…on the air…as modern hams.
Or, to put it another way, this approach gets our examination system back into the business of examining skills and knowleges based on "need" rather than for some obscure modicum of educational "achievement".
That's not advocating "mediocrity" in our Service (or creating a "no ham left behind" Radio Service)! Rather, it's called examining for the right set of needed technical and regulatory skills at the right times in our ham radio "careers".
Over and over again in online forums, I hear our "regulatory fundamentalists" insist that experience, knowledge and achievement should be acknowledged and rewarded in the form of a license to operate in our Service.
What these clowns continually forget is that a license to operate in a publicly-owned, taxpayer supported radio service is NOT a "reward" for "good deeds". Rather, it's simply the granting of privileges to operate after someone demonstrates a proscribed level of competency to do so.
As I've said, all such "achievement" nonsense has absolutely NO place in a taxpayer-supported, government-administered institution whose regulator's sole authority is simply to regulate. Clearly, the underlying goal of incentive licensing was to forcefully "educate" us with the aim of turning us all into budding RF Engineers. And THAT was done primarily so as to further a whole plethora of government social and economic goals of the day.
Indeed, many of you may remember the "missile gap" of the 1960s when our government bureaucrats were throwing anything and everything at the wall to stimulate a countrywide effort to crank out hordes of mechanical, electrical and RF engineers. Obviously, "incentive licensing" in our radio service was made all the more palatable because of its relationship to the backdrop of the "missile gap" paranoia of the day.
But, it is also important to remember that, besides the "missile gap" being later shown to be overwhelmingly in the US's favor, all that nonsense happened NEARLY 50 YEARS AGO! What possible regulatory purpose is still being served...in the 21st Century...by indefinitely keeping all that "missile gap derived" nonsense fully in place today? The Soviet Union has long since gone the way of the dinosaur, and most of our electronic components and equipment now originate from the Far East.
Clearly, the other underlying goal of all this "incentive" nonsense at the time was to line the pockets of the ARRL who, if memory serves correctly, were on the financial "ropes" at the time. Indeed, it should come as no surprise to anyone that the League has been cashing in on "incentive licensing" ever since by selling tens (if not hundreds and hundreds) of thousands of copies of their so-called "upgrade" materials along the way.
But the ARRL wasn't the only one pushing this nonsense at the time. The "good old boys" at the FCC were clearly involved in it too.
And all the while we hams continue to worship the FCC as some kind of "demi-God" from whom all blessings flow, they certainly won't see things "my way", "our way" or ANY way other than what the FCC, in their isolated "Ivory Tower" decides to do...or not to do. And, as I've also said, their whole "petition" process is little more than a bureaucratic farce. Most "petitions" end up in "File 13" if they in any way go against already established FCC policy.
Unfortunately, ALL of us seem to have collectively lost sight of the fact that the FCC is nothing more than yet another US Government regulatory agency. And they have never been granted the statutory authority to set themselves up to "educate" anyone.
What's more, since we taxpayers pay their salaries, these overstuffed (not to mention overpaid) FCC bureaucrats all work for YOU AND ME and NOT the other way around.
Now, I don't know about you, but, from my own personal perspective, I highly RESENT being manipulated, controlled and, in effect, abused by a bunch of gormless government bureaucrats who remain seemingly hell-bent on using we hams (and prospective hams) as unwitting pawns to further their own social and economic policy goals as outlined in their Part 97.1…. particularly all that "maintaining and expanding a reservoir of trained operators and technical experts" nonsense.
In my book, ALL of that eyewash remains in DIRECT CONTRAVENTION of the "personal aim" and "amateur" spirit (not to mention the "non pecuniary interest" intent) of our International Telecommunications Union (ITU) regulators for our Service. And the FCC has been getting away with all of this internationally illegal foolishness for decades largely because US hams collectively 'bought into" all that nonsense in the first place and have continued to worship it all as "the Gospel truth" ever since.
Indeed, it's often been said that we don't get the government we deserve, we get the government (in this case the FCC) we allow.
In recent years, many national amateur-radio-related lobby organizations (most notably the ARRL) have increasingly attempted to justify our continued, fee-free access to our frequencies based on our known ability to help out various rapid response organizations in times of emergency.
In many ways, we've become the victims of our own success. That's because we've done such a good job with these activities (sometimes loosely called "EMCOMM"...short for "Emergency Communication") in the past that governments at all levels are now increasingly looking to the Amateur Service to provide their "standby" communications services "for free" without having to hire full-time people and put them on their own government payrolls.
Clearly, this flies directly in the face of amateur radio's supposed "non-pecuniary interest" underpinnings that's explicitly spelled out in both the International and federal regulations that govern our Service.
Obviously, we can no longer justify our Service's continued existence (not to mention our continued fee-free access to the increasingly valuable radio spectrum most of us now take for granted!) based solely on our "proven ability to contribute to the advancement of the radio art" as Part 97.1 so loftily declares.
Maybe that's because many of us have been so very busy "eating our young" along the way by obsessively insisting that younger people who might like to join us still endure systemically discriminatory "hazing rituals"...like arcane Morse tests and increasingly irrelevant, "achievement tests" over technologically ancient subject matter…LONG after such institutionalized snobbery served any useful regulatory purpose (if it ever did!)
As a result, most of today's bright-eyed, tech-savvy youngsters are now looking elsewhere to exercise their budding technological talents. And, what's left of what we call "Amateur Radio" has since become an increasingly irrelevant technological backwater in the grand scheme of things.
Indeed, to the outside world, our Service now consists of little more than an ever aging (and therefore ever-shrinking) group of perpetually squabbling, "grumpy old men"…ossified old farts who remain absolutely hell-bent on keeping the rules and licensing requirements for our Service permanently stuck in the technological and sociological 1950s.
Unfortunately, lobby organizations like the ARRL…organizations that are doing their level best to represent our Service to international and federal politicians and regulators in a positive light…now have very little left with which to justify our Service's continued existence to those politicians and regulators. And, like it or not, it's the latter folks who ultimately decide who gets what access to which slice of ever-more-scarce frequency spectrum.
Clearly, it now appears that one of the very last remaining jewels in our Service's "crown"…our so-called "voluntary" EMCOMM activities…has now become permanently "tarnished" as well...primarily because the use of amateur radio frequencies is supposed to be on a "non-pecuniary interest" basis.
Or, to put it another way, providing a semi-permanent, communications capability to a "for profit" hospital or other such organization hardly qualifies as "non-pecuniary" and turns the entire basis and purpose of our Service on its head.
Indeed, thanks largely to decades of ongoing regulatory obstructionism from our ever-aging (but still highly vocal) cadre of ossified Luddite curmudgeons, our Service's ultimate fate (in the form of a long, slow, painful death from lack of new blood) is now largely sealed.
This time, its to voice their vehement opposition to a new FCC proposal to allow only two (vice three) Volunteer Examiners (VEs) to administer exams in our Service and to also allow us to use more modern (?) forms of digital transmission (such as TDMA) on our bands.
And, once again, these "good old boys" are crawling out of the woodwork to strongly oppose such progress, saying that do to so would (once again) invite hoards of "riff raff" and "cheaters" into our Service (like those low-life "no-coders"). Their other (lame) argument is that the use of these new digital modes will cause untold amounts of harmful interference to their precious AM, CW and SSB so-called "legacy" modes of communication.
It's the same old story from the same old (and getting older ) minority in our ranks who view ANY relaxation of "the rules" as nothing more than an invitation for the (gasp!) "CB Crowd" to hopelessly pollute our bands.
First of all, it's painfully evident that none of these clowns have tuned across the CB bands lately. If they had, they would find that, with the possible exception of over-the-road truckers, the CB bands are as dead (or deader) than our own ham bands. Most of the folks who once used CB as a form of hobby communication have now LONG since moved on to Internet chat rooms, and to use such "social media" outlets as Facebook, Twitter (not to mention cell phones!) to get their jollies.
The other truth these Luddites don't seem to want to admit to is that, when the FCC's Riley Hollingsworth was actively going after such ne'er-do-wells on our bands, the VAST majority of them showing up on his "scofflaw list" turned out to be 20 WPM, FCC office examined, Extra Class operators!...that is, from the exact same crowd who are now doing most of the bitching and complaining. Apparently, these arrogant snobs believe that, because they've been licensed "forever" that also gives them the God-given right to interfere with others trying to operate in our Service whom they don't feel are "worthy" of a ham license because they didn't pass a stupid Morse test.
And, as far as having only two examiners administering exams, as an Accredited Examiner for Industry Canada, I alone frequently administer Canadian ham exams to applicants while they are sitting around my kitchen table.
The big advantage to this approach is that it allows my Canadian license applicants to take exams when THEY feel they are ready, and not force them to wait while we gather three examiners together, or to wait for an otherwise scheduled exam session.
Because people learn things at different speeds, the flexibility of this approach helps alleviate the "peaking too soon" problem that often plagues folks studying for our exams. I make it clear to all my Canadian applicants to phone me when THEY feel they are ready to take the exam. I then invite them over to my home (or I'll meet them at theirs or somewhere else at their convenience) to administer exams. I've even administered Canadian ham exams in the back booths of restaurants!
And, as far as "accountability" goes, the truth is that if a VE (or VEs) are going to (as the naysayers say) "screw things up for the rest of us" they will collectively figure out a way to do that regardless of how many checks and balances are built into "the system" to prevent it.
Or, to put it another way, Industry Canada (rightly) recognizes that the integrity of their extermination system for our Service relies on the individual care and integrity of the people administering it, and NOT in how many so-called "security" features are built into "the system" to prevent errors or fraud.
Next, as far as new digital modes interfering with their precious AM, CW and SSB goes (and as I have noted in this blog on numerous occasions in the past) there is more than enough spectrum space in our Service to easily accommodate everyone's particular passion.
The problem right now stems from a horrendously outdated, FCC-imposed, license-class-and mode-based band planning scheme that shoehorns us all into our own little slices of walled-off "turf"…. separate little, over-regulated fiefdoms that are still based largely on operating habits and mode preferences that were popular back in the 1950s and 60s!
Indeed, for the last 60+ years, our FCC has built our entire licensing system on anointing a chosen few in our ranks with "exclusive" access to artificially walled-off slices of frequency spectrum. And then we now wonder why we have seemingly endless "turf wars" (not to mention abject panic at any suggestion of even the slightest regulatory changes) along with boorish, "I'm entitled" snobbery among those so anointed who actually bought into all that "I'm the greatest because my FCC license says so" elitism.
By contrast, most of the rest of the world's administrations regulate their Amateur Radio Services simply by emission bandwidth, NOT by license class and operating mode as we do in the USA.
This means that, almost everywhere else on the planet, governments have left it up to we hams to decide "how much of what goes where" on our bands. It's only in the United States that our bands are carved up into smaller and smaller slices of FCC-regulated, sub-band (and sub-sub band) "turf" based solely on license class and operating mode...and NOT on that turf's technological usefulness for exploratory purposes or it's popularity potential.
What’s more, most everywhere else in the world, differences in license class are based on safety and non-interference considerations (such as power output, being allowed to build transmitters "from scratch", or being the licensee of a repeater or club station) rather than on granting ego-stroking, so-called "exclusive" access to smaller and smaller slices of bureaucratically segregated frequency spectrum.
What's more, as a direct result of all our FCC-imposed sub-band (and sub-sub band) nonsense, radio amateurs in the United States are perennially forced to play "Mother May I?" games with the FCC in order to shift things around as our collective interests and technology changes. This, in turn, means that our horrifically outdated regulated band plans are always going to systemically lag behind emerging technology and societal changes.
Frankly, I believe all this ego-stroking, "turf based" band planning nonsense has also been a major contributor to our collective hesitancy to embrace new communications modes as they come along. That's because those new modes often don't fit anywhere in our current, FCC-imposed "straight jacket". Unfortunately, that "straight jacket", backed up by reams of enabling "Mother May I?" eyewash in our Part 97, also provides an incredibly easy way for a vocal minority to block such progress at even the hint of such change.
In other words, thanks to the continuing howls of protest from these "not in my backyard" Luddites, such long-needed emission mode experimentation in our Service is often stifled before it even has a chance to emerge, let alone grow.
The bottom line here is that, just as when office space is divided up into little cubicles, the end result is LESS usable space, not more. It also breeds an ever-increasing human craving for more "elbow room"....a precious commodity that, for example, our horrifically chopped up 75 Meter Phone Band never seems to have enough of.
Indeed, all the while we continue to not only allow, but encourage a government organization (the FCC) who could absolutely care less about what we do internally to still remain firmly in charge of those "who and what goes where" decisions for our Service, our band plans will ALWAYS remain woefully out of date with both technological and sociological reality.
On the weekend of September 15th, 2012 three families (me and my wife Kate, along with my friends Chet, VE3CFK and his wife Vera and my other friend Art, VE3GNF and his wife Aleida, visited the W9 DXCC conference in Chicago.
While there we hams sat through a number of very interesting forums related to amateur radio while the girls went shopping.
Of particular interest was a talk by Chris Imlay, W3KD, ARRL General Counsel spoke on the explosion of restrictive housing covenants that prohibit erection of outside antennas faced by many hams today. Even though amateur radio is federallyy regulated, more and more new private housing areas are placing restrictions on such antenna arrays. And it is painfully clear that the Homeowner lobby in Washington is putting inordinate pressure on the FCC NOT to enforce their own rules!
Clearly, this is yet another strong indicator that the FCC considers ham radio as little more than a "pimple on the rear end of progress".
I was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, USA, and spent my early childhood years in Rochester, New Hampshire, USA. After graduation from the University of New Hampshire in 1973, I then spent the next 20 years of my professional life as a US Air Force officer, primarily in the Comptroller field. I retired from the US Air Force in 1993. I was first licensed as an Amateur Radio ("Ham") Operator in Ohio in 1976 and was issued the call sign WD8CMU. Since then, I have operated my station with a variety of subsequent call signs including KA5CCO (Texas), KC0YU (Nebraska), and IV3KBU (Italy). I was issued my present US call sign (KB1SF) in 1985 and currently hold the Extra (highest) Class license authorized by the US Federal Communications Commission. I also hold the Basic, Morse code and Advanced (highest) Amateur Radio qualifications authorized by Industry Canada. I was issued my present Canadian call sign (VA3KSF) in 2004.
BEND, OR -- A Portland man faces assault charges after several altercations in northeast Bend. Witnesses reported a man involved in two separate incidents near NE Third and Penn Ave., at about 2:20 p.m. He's accused of assaulting a man and a woman, then left the area.
One person saw the suspect enter Albertsons. Police found 33-year-old Veikoso Moala walking through the store and tried to take him into custody. He initially refused to comply; but after a brief struggle, Moala was arrested. Two officers were treated at the scene for injuries sustained during the arrest.
Moala is charged with two counts of Assault on a Public Safety Officer, two counts of Assault IV, two counts of Resisting Arrest, three counts of Disorderly Conduct and Interfering with a Police Officer.
The source of all creation is pure consciousness . . . pure potentiality seeking expression from the unmanifest to the manifest. And when we realize that our true Self is one of pure potentiality, we align with the power that manifests everything in nature.
I will put the Law of Pure Potentiality into effect by making a commitment to take the following steps:
I will get in touch with the field of pure potentiality by taking time each day to be silent, to just Be. I will also sit alone in silent meditation at least twice a day for approximately 30 minutes in the morning and 30 minutes in the evening.
I will take time each day to commune with nature and to silently witness the intelligence within every living thing. I will sit silently and watch a sunset, or listen to the sound of the ocean or a stream, or simply smell the scent of a flower. In the ecstasy of my own silence, and by communing with nature, I will enjoy the life throb of ages, the field of pure potentiality and unbounded creativity.
I will practice non-judgment. I will begin my day with the statement, “Today, I shall judge nothing that occurs,” and throughout the day I will remind myself not to judge.
A portion of Chopra Center Profits support research on consciousness, mind-body medicine and meditation. Learn more about these initiatives and the Chopra Foundation here.
This will include the full planning, shooting and editing as well as promotion across social media platforms.
In the past we have worked with UK Number One artists including Cedric Gervais, Second City and Route 94, to name a few and are
now looking for new upcoming talent to work with us in order to deliver quality, unique and original visuals to support the music.
We have invested in new cameras, lighting and full editing suite allowing us to deliver videos in stunning full HD and with a unique style
So if you think you feel your track is ready for industry level visuals send it, with your contact details to:
This page has been protected from editing because it is transcluded in the following page, which is protected with the "cascading" option turned on:
Hardly a day goes by of late without headlines about gas and electricity price hikes or political rows over energy policies.
Ensuring a sustainable, affordable energy supply is a priority for councils, communities and economies and can be a way of demonstrating real community leadership. As well as needing to cut costs as major energy users, positive action can help tackle fuel poverty and carbon emissions, promote local jobs and investment and ensure a secure power supply for the future. Councils up and down the country - including Stockton-on-Tees, Dudley, Reading, Portsmouth and Southampton to name but a handful – are leading impressive energy initiatives at present.
Tags: energy efficiency, renewable energy, ensuring council, Sustainability, fuel poverty, Local government, municipal energy, Entrepreneurship
Getting up at the crack of dawn to grit and maintain the roads infrastructure, sweep the streets, clean the schools and public buildings, this is your day.
APSE (Association for Public Service Excellence) is a not for profit unincorporated association working with over 300 councils throughout the UK. Promoting excellence in public services, APSE is the foremost specialist in local authority frontline services, hosting a network for frontline service providers in areas such as waste and refuse collection, parks and environmental services, cemeteries and crematorium, environmental health, leisure, school meals, cleaning, housing and building maintenance.
Brown sugar hottie Michelle Malone is crazy for big cocks, especially these delicious white meat from
You don’t have much fun golfing when you’re not playing well. To play your best, you need to have the best tools at your disposal. Whether your clubs are no longer the right fit, they’re too old, or they’re just low quality, you might be in the market for a new set of golf irons. We have you covered with our golf iron reviews.
Although irons aren’t the flashiest or most attractive clubs in your bag, they are arguably the most important. Recovering from a poor drive is essential to keeping your game on track and keeping you out of the rough.
You would be surprised at how much golf iron technology has improved in just the last couple of years. Companies like Callaway and TaylorMade have invested valuable time and money into research for golf iron material and feel. Manufacturers have also improved the clubs’ interactions with the turf, resulting in maximum aerodynamics and performance.
It’s frustrating to shank a ball even when you think you’ve got it all lined up perfectly, but TaylorMade aims to fix that. The RSi1 Iron Set is unique in that it is made for the average golfer: somebody who makes a lot of bad hits. This iron set features a FaceSlot Technology, which improves consistency across the entire club face. This means even when you don’t hit the sweet spot, you hit the sweet spot. A new Reax 90 steel shaft from True Temper improves the distance of shots, making this set an all-around great pick for both the casual and competitive golfer. You’ll experience better shots more often.
TaylorMade is known for their high-quality work, which is why they’re featured on this list several times. The M2 Iron set is great for recreational players who are looking to improve their approach shots. This set is designed with the sole purpose of taking your ball farther without sacrificing any height on it. The irons are designed with an ultra-thin face and Inverted Cone technology, which allows golfers to put speed on the ball, consistently. Choose from either a variety of shaft materials and flex levels!
This set is not only visually striking but also extremely effective. It won’t be hard to find your ball: you’ll just have to look for it on the green! The feature that separates the SpeedBlade from competitors is the Speed Pocket design, a handlebar-shaped slot in the sole of the club. The Speed Pocket increases the flex of the face, resulting in a faster and higher ball. The face also absorbs painful and annoying vibrations, giving a great feel to it. When you feel good, you play well.
The Big Bertha Iron set promises a higher ball speed across the entire face of the club, compliments of 360 Face Cup Technology. This technology is also featured in their fairway woods, promising better approach play. The Big Bertha’s hollow body design also promotes a more forgiving iron, allowing you to have consistently better shots and lower scores. The set is a beautifully sleek black and silver design. The only things that will look better than the clubs themselves are the shots you take with them!
Named on the 2014 Golf Digest Hot List, the Callaway X2 set has many features that make it a truly great set of irons. You’re going to need to improve your short game because you’ll be on the green in no time thanks to the X2’s deep central undercut and stabilizing arch. The X2 also has an enlarged sweet spot and better stopping power on the green, ensuring that when you get to the green, you stay there.
Picking the right set of clubs isn’t always an easy decision. These golf iron reviews rounded up some of the best iron sets in the game to improve your game. Not only will you enjoy playing more, your colleagues will be mystified at how much better you’re playing!
Golf clubs are an investment, and these 5 great options are an affordable way to take your game to the next level. If you’re tired of poor or inconsistent shots, consider trying out a new set of clubs. It’s a great day to head to the driving range!
I'm wondering if anyone has tried the new version of the Eurekazone EZ-ONE Workbench that claims to support universal tracks such as the Festool. The EZ-ONE Woodworking Center is an intriguing workbench. I think this Universal version is the workbench with the bridge modified such that it bolts to the Festool (and similar) track rather than to the EZ system.
I use and am a huge fan of the Festool TS saw, track and dust collection system. (I don't want to start any flame wars with advocates of the EZ system.)
Festool tracks have a lot more flex than the EZ tracks for which the EZ-ONE system was designed. I'm wondering if the difference in rigidity will impact the clamping of the track on the EZ-ONE. And I worry that without sufficient support the Festool saw will not ride the track flat but rather more like a rollercoaster.
The Universal EZ-ONE Woodworking Center obviously does not include a track. Does it require a 75" track?
If I recall correctly, the normal EZ-1 uses a 72" track. The universal version would require a track that is in that ball park. A 50" rail would definitely be to short.
Testing showed no problems with the flexability of tracks. I think with the TS 75 you may want to move the saw near one end of the bridge before lifting the track. There should be no more flex while cutting than you are accustomed to.
Just out of curiosity. I think the OP was asking about putting a Festool track on the B300 on an EZ1. I'd assumed that track would be too droopy, especially cutting short pieces. Had I assumed wrong?
I had assumed the same. Testing proved us to be wrong. The Festool, Makita and DeWalt tracks all work on the EZ-1.
I finally cut some wood on my MFT with A Kreg sliding fence. After watching all of Eurekazone videos several more times, I see Dino uses a long SME clamped too the squaring fence on his EZ 1. And then uses some stop blocks to help set the distance from the blade to the fence. Hopefully I will find that my sliding fence does the same thing but possibly quicker and I hope to maintain a square between the fence and the sliding squaring fence at The bottom.
This is rather interesting. I somewhat reluctantly find myself looking at F saws due to the (apparent?) dust collection effectiveness. Being able to use it on the EZ-1 / bridge would be ideal.
Is a modification needed to the bridge, or do you just swap out the Ez connectors for something that works with the other rails?
Dino and the Eurekazone staff did the testing. He explained the details to me but I don't recall what they were. My guess is you would need a Festool connector and have to drill a couple other holes in the EZ Bridge.
I personally have modified the EZ Track and use it with the Hilti and Makita saws. I think this modification will also work with the Festool saw but haven't actually tried it with Festool. Makita, Hilti and Festool are all made to use with the "standard European rail."
To modify the EZ Track, You remove the guide ridge leaving the portions that mate with the connectors. That makes the top of the rail flat. Turn the rail upside down and put a piece of ridged connector in one of the tracks used for clamps. You will need set screws to hold the ridged connector.
I did this for the added depth of cut and convience of being able to use my hilti and Makita track saws without an add on base.
What I did was take two six inch pieces of ez track and attack to the bridge as normal with the sliding connectors just like you were installing a 72 in track.
That way you can alway go back and used the ez track when the new saw arrives. With these two short sections of ez track , two slots facing down, I cut the top ridge piece that goes in a saw base off with a band saw. Very ez. Then I attached the festool type track to the ez track with a couple of screw and a knob.
works flawlessly. The dustcollection is great. Look at some of Dinos videos of Ez saws and it looks like a dust storm. Dino's ideas and dedication are brillant.
So much dedication and care for his customers and doing what was right for them. I am surprised that Laney didn't post a link for his new video part 2 to notify the forum of his new video. I am sure he is trying to several jobs at one time. Every time I use mft and bridge and I say thank you Dino!
I was wondering if you have any pictures of the modifications? I was thinking about switching to the Makita or Festool track saw because of dust collection and bevel ability.
Our MD is selling his show stopping Nissan 350Z which starred in the Fast and Furious film Tokyo Drift!!
This beauty is the only high tune Nissan 350Z made by Veilside for the 3rd Fast and Furious film Tokyo Drift
By tradefreight Air Freight, Anything, Anywhere, Australia, Cars, Cases, containers, export, export packers, Exporting, Fast, Fast & Furious, Film, Films, Forwarding, freight, Freight forwarding, haulage, Hollywood, IEP, international, International Logistics centre, logistics, logistics centre, Motor sport, Movies, newark, Newark on Trent, Nissan, Nissan 350Z, nottingham, packing, Pallets, Paul Walker, Road, Road freight, Road HAulage, Sculpture, Sea Freight, shipping, Shipping Container, Shipping/Exporting, Storage, Storage in Newark, Trade Freight, Transport, Warehouse, Worldwide 2 Comments on Nissan 350Z- Star of Fast & Furious Tokyo Drift For Sale!! Read more...
SOD Create SDMU-750 JAV japanese Kanae Renon published picture From a piece university employee Circle Member Of A sure college Invite Madonna female trainer To The membership Room completely constrained With Play 1/2 With original fixed furnishings Which DIY
luxurious tv 259LUXU-550 Kawase Asuka it truly is why all of us is beautiful and stimulated while you are watching an AV actress
FHD Muku MUDR-030 Nonoka Isumi jap sex extraordinary Sexual preference Of A Father who is Excited And Fucked with the aid of Her Daughter In front Of Her
top rate PRED-034 Miyuki Arisaka narrow body Is A big Convulsion!Sweat, Tide, Semen included four manufacturing special
FHD Peters PTS-420 Kana Hiraoka teacher AV Comes Out!A Married female With A serious And Neat energetic trainer appeared inside the AV!Male experience handiest Husband. though maturity sensitive Iki
Heydouga 4156-PPV030 I changed clothes to white lingerie. It appears accurate on brown skin. The pussy became slippery shaved
luxurious television 259LUXU-925 Jav Porn Hachijo Emi once you turn on you look at the actor with a hot line of sight and put out a sexy
FC2 PPV 401288 Breastfeeding twisting cuisine's 18 ban on lifting 3-p ladies daughter cums constantly to a country cat couple with a peak of 148 cm
Difficulties with sleep are extremely common, with more than 30% of people suffering from insomnia at some point in their lives. Insomniacs can experience either difficulty falling and/or staying asleep with their daytime functioning often suffering from the effects of their poor sleep habits. Insomniacs are likely to wake feeling lethargic with subsequent impaired daytime functioning. For example, they may have trouble concentrating, memory problems, low tolerance levels, high irritability and even body aches and pains. It is not uncommon for insomniacs to become so preoccupied with their lack of sleep that their distress begins to impact on all areas of their lives.
Insomnia can be caused by a wide variety of underlying issues that include physical illnesses (such as chronic pain), substance abuse (such as prescription medications or alcohol) and psychological factors (such as Anxiety and Depression).
At Gates Psychology Cairns, our Clinical Psychologists have been trained to individually tailor specific sleep therapies so that we can help improve both the quantity and quality of your sleep.
At Gates Psychology Cairns, we understand that insomnia can have an enormous impact on an individual's well-being and our Clinical Psychologists have been trained to help you improve your sleep without the use of prescriptive medications.
The posts on this discussion board are made by members of the General Public and are not intended to constitute medical advice
The PCUK Annual Summit is taking place next Wednesday (15th Feb). This year the title is: Inspiring Innovation, and I’ve been invited to take part in a Panel Discussion entitled: Transforming the research landscape.
As the only carer/patient voice on the panel I’m very keen to represent not just me and my hubby but the wider community. So, my wonderful Forum Family, if you have any burning questions on the topic of PC research that you’d like me to put to the panel experts** please let me have them in a reply to this post.
**The panelists include consultant oncologists, an expert in health economics and data, a professor of immunology and Anna Jewell, Director of Operations, PCUK.
I have loads to say (when do I not?). Really well done for getting your voice heard and I will contribute but I will do via e-mail to PCUK and they can send to you (or I will request your e-mail). This is what I do and you will have a well researched response. x
I am still in the information gathering stage, so don't really know enough to provide constructive comments - just wanted to say I am really appreciating the information from all the lovely people on this forum - you probably don't know how much you have helped me prepare for the future, understand what to expect and generally feel like my family is not alone..
As for research - I'm obviously interested in anything upcoming that may help people in the next few months but can't think much beyond that at the moment. I've seen some research that suggest cancer should be treated as a metabolic disease - interested in hearing where that goes / if it is valid, and my biggest issues at the moment are more around treatment - response times, appointment delays, a general lack of urgency and "dead man walking" attitude. I am really really saddened by all the stories on this forum where relatives have had to fight so hard to get the care needed.
I will certainly keep my ears open for anything that might help patients and carers now or in the very near future. I've not heard anything about the metabolic disease aspect of cancer so I'll certainly listen out for that too.
The site looks a bit cheesy, but was recommended to me by someone who nursed her husband through lung cancer, getting great results with some of the recommendations - if you read to the end of the article, it seems to sound more plausible.
I steer well clear of alternatIve cancer therapy websites like the one you were recommended to. I've just found a page on the Cancer Research UK website that mentions the Gonzalez therapy along with other metabolic treatments:
"Some treatments used in metabolic therapies can cause harm – for example, coffee enemas carry a risk of causing a chemical imbalance in the body. And some nutritional supplements can be harmful in high doses. So, if you are thinking of trying an alternative diet, it is very important to talk to a dietician and go through the diet with them. They will be able to advise you about how safe it is for you. Your hospital doctor or specialist nurse should be able to arrange for you to see a dietician."
You are right that the Cancer Research UK webpage is very good advice and information concerning some of these very stringent diets.
Some of the therapies suggested would cause great harm to those suffering from pancreatic cancer, and
A good discussion with your care team/consultant/oncologist is advisable before going onto such diets etc....
Thanks for the link and advice. I consider myself fairly sensible, so would not do anything without checking - and Dad wouldn't let me anyway !! very dubious of coffee enemas - I have a quackery radar and it pings at that !
pictures of bob hairstyles ready to switch up your look this fall consider a bob haircut one of the most versatile and effortless styles out there pictures short bob hairstyles.
pictures of bob hairstyles this short stylish haircut first popularized in the has many famous fans because the layers flatter all face shapes free pictures short bob hairstyles.
pictures of bob hairstyles layered bob hairstyles from bangs to choppy styles got your pictures layered bob hairstyles.
pictures of bob hairstyles daily graduated bob cuts for short hair graduated bob hairstyles 18 pictures layered bob hairstyles.
pictures of bob hairstyles most popular bob hairstyles with bangs images of long bob hairstyles with bangs.
Men, real men–as in men born, bred and bored out of their minds in the Midwest–don’t spill their atrocious yellow-bellied guts out to total strangers, even licensed ones. Real men don’t swallow cute little pills to numb themselves before the world so they can keep a dumb smile on their faces at all times. Real men hunt for life, every shred of life they can handle. Take their harpoons out and try to stab sharp moving objects like sharks, piranhas and roast suckling pigs.
In “Bullfighting” author Lucy Wang introduces a fictionalized version of Hemingway. She imagines a world in which he would say this.
Default sorting Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low Sort by name: A to Z
With Heat Cool Express available 24/7 with same day service your heater will be repaired in record time.
A new heating system can be a big decision - especially given the cold winters in Mt Waverley. Heat Cool Express is here to help.
You can trust our team of technical experts to provide you with the advice you need to make the right decision.>/p>
No matter what type of gas heating system you want, we can get it installed fast and at a competitive price.
It is important, but often forgotten that heaters need to be serviced and maintained on a regular basis.
That is why we offer a fast and competitive service that will give you the peace of mind that your heater will work all through the cold winters in Mt Waverley.
Heat Cool Express is one of the best heating and cooling specialists in Mt Waverley. We repair, install, service and maintain all major brands of heaters, air conditioners and hot water systems.
I am a Visual development and design artist. I graduated from The Arts University college of Bournemouth and work as a freelance artist.
CX-One / CX-One Lite .. Software .. By registering your Omron software products, you will have access to free software AutoUpdates for applicable software products.
Omron CX-One free trial software.. Build, configure, and program a host of devices such as PLCs, HMIs, motion-control systems and networks using just one software.
Support Software are integrated tools which help accomplish .. The CX-One is a comprehensive software package that integrates PLC Programming .. OMRON Corporation .
Cx programmer omron free download.. System Utilities downloads - CX-Programmer Version Upgrade Software by OMRON and many more programs are available for instant and . cfe036a44b
An FCC ID is the product ID assigned by the FCC to identify wireless products in the market. The FCC chooses 3 or 5 character "Grantee" codes to identify the business that created the product. For example, the grantee code for FCC ID: 2AQI6DL4310-03 is 2AQI6. The remaining characters of the FCC ID, DL4310-03, are often associated with the product model, but they can be random. These letters are chosen by the applicant. In addition to the application, the FCC also publishes internal images, external images, user manuals, and test results for wireless devices. They can be under the "exhibits" tab below.
Does this application include a request for confidentiality for any portion(s) of the data contained in this application pursuant to 47 CFR § 0.459 of the Commission Rules?: Yes
Description of product as it is marketed: (NOTE: This text will appear below the equipment class on the grant): Wearable Dynamic ECG Recorder DL4310/03
Is the equipment in this application a composite device subject to an additional equipment authorization? No
Is the equipment in this application part of a system that operates with, or is marketed with, another device that requires an equipment authorization? No
Power Output listed is conducted. End-users and installers must be provided with antenna installation instructions and transmitter operating conditions for satisfying RF exposure compliance.
If there is an equipment authorization waiver associated with this application, has the associated waiver been approved and all information uploaded?: No
The applicant must certify that neither the applicant nor any party to the application is subject to a denial of Federal benefits, that include FCC benefits, pursuant to Section 5301 of the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988, 21 U.S.C. § 862 because of a conviction for possession or distribution of a controlled substance. See 47 CFR 1.2002(b) for the definition of a "party" for these purposes.
I certify that I am authorized to sign this application. All of the statements herein and the exhibits attached hereto, are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. In accepting a Grant of Equipment Authorization as a result of the representations made in this application, the applicant is responsible for (1) labeling the equipment with the exact FCC ID specified in this application, (2) compliance statement labeling pursuant to the applicable rules, and (3) compliance of the equipment with the applicable technical rules. If the applicant is not the actual manufacturer of the equipment, appropriate arrangements have been made with the manufacturer to ensure that production units of this equipment will continue to comply with the FCC's technical requirements.
Authorizing an agent to sign this application, is done solely at the applicant's discretion; however, the applicant remains responsible for all statements in this application.
If an agent has signed this application on behalf of the applicant, a written letter of authorization which includes information to enable the agent to respond to the above section 5301 (Anti-Drug Abuse) Certification statement has been provided by the applicant. It is understood that the letter of authorization must be submitted to the FCC upon request, and that the FCC reserves the right to contact the applicant directly at any time.
Applications are submitted for FCC ID and Grant requests. Click an above application to view details
EQUIPMENT AUTHORIZATION is hereby issued to the named GRANTEE, and is VALID ONLY for the equipment identified hereon for use under the Commission's Rules and Regulations listed below.
Grants authorize equipment for operation at approved frequencies and sale within the USA. Click an above grant to view details
"It's just one demonstration. God's words spoken with God faith created everything we call real. That's the verse above. On a quantum level...bosons carry force elements, fermi, everything we consider matter or seen stuff. Faith is evidence or substance unseen."
Mouhh hands explored her body as he continued to thrust into her. She didnt even care bohher the one person she hated most was watching her being fucked hard on the classroom floor. He began panting as he was reaching his limit.
He pulled out, grabbed her head and rammed his dick down her throat. He slid his dick in and out as he sighed deeply.
I don't think the government should get involved at all, but I don't mind witnessing to somebody because you never know if they feel God calling to them because of something you say.
I'm sorry you're having a hard time too.. it seems to be hard for a lot of people these days ! I guess everybody has their own problems... it's really easy to forget that when everything is electronic now
TDS is just a way of making fun of virtue signaling and general ignorance. So your statement is hilarious, and you didn't even realize it.
Also your argument is fallacious. If something can not come from nothing then a god can not either. No special pleading allowed.
They scribbled it...penned it, but most, especially the sealed up prophecy, they had zero idea of what it meant. That's why ots now we can prove God. Its like with thommy boy. God came to him...said, alright enough with the mixing in of faith off negative evidence, start mixing in faith off the works. Here..touch, feel, see and believe. Yeah...God cares about getting us in. The skeptic...you, me etc are given tons of sensory evidence to step off of too. Its the works, prophecy. Test it
My name is not jacob. Yahcub's are the children of life, children of the Lion of the tribe of Judah. No, i am running my race.
Everything I believe was recorded in the first century. Jesus and his words and the faith of those who were with him is what I believe in. Jesus taught of a loving God. A God who desired mankind to believe in Him and love others as He loved them. Evidence isn't required, faith is.
No, we?re not talking about a thousand or so cases. That was merely the cases in Pennsylvania. Root them out? Not only didn?t they ?root them out?, they covered up their crimes and moved them to another area, where they would continue raping kids.
Sisyastaya lady and youngDude thirds of the members of the ass brunette standing and fuck to orgasmLittle blonde girl is trying to show the class on the set of a pornRussian group sex swing of a young couple with a girlfriend and a friendFemdom Mistress made of peasant household slave for sexGirls engaged in lesbian sex on a bachelorette party before the weddingThe guy brought pizza and Marsh decided to thank him a blow jobI fucked your mother and you, daughter, fuck porn videos onlinePlaying by the rulesStepmother Made Man watching his girlfriend licking porn realityYoung males are rigidly fucked from all sides are evil heifersBeautiful erotic video network porn actress Hitomi TanakaLatinka with two guysShe likes to swallowHairy asian cunt fucked CavalierDirty bitch bald actorJust good Gang bangBeautiful comely ass babe crazyPublic porn sex videos online in public places
The first picture is a picture Comfortable Futon Bed Charming On Bedroom Intended Beds Target Effective Sofa Best Futons, the image has been in named with : Comfortable Futon Bed Charming On Bedroom Intended Beds Target Effective Sofa Best Futons, This image was posted on category : Bedroom, have resolution : 800x552 pixel. This posting entitled Comfortable Futon Bed Charming On Bedroom Intended Beds Target Effective Sofa Best Futons, and many people looking about Comfortable Futon Bed Charming On Bedroom Intended Beds Target Effective Sofa Best Futons from Search Engine.
Hello I am Montana Damascuss, November 7th, 2018, This is my post about Comfortable Futon Bed, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Comfortable Futon Bed, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Comfortable Futon Bed, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
Because of the Comfortable Futon Bed Charming On Bedroom Intended Beds Target Effective Sofa Best Futons had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Comfortable Futon Bed Charming On Bedroom Intended Beds Target Effective Sofa Best Futons similar to this one from below. Enjoy this home design!. Back to post: Comfortable Futon Bed
One of the best ways to train your dog is to use treats to reward and reinforce good behavior. However, with so many products on the market it can be overwhelming for a new (or even veteran) dog owner looking to purchase treats and other new dog essentials.
The documentary ‘Pet Fooled‘ caused me to take a closer look at the dog treats we feed our husky Aura. So I’ve done the research and found some of the best healthy dog treats to feed your husky.
First off, treats should only make up approximately 10% of your dog’s diet, the rest being kibble or another source. Being able to break a treat into smaller pieces will give you plenty of training treats without spoiling your husky’s dinner!
Many of the same factors that make ‘human food’ healthy also apply to pet foods and treats as well. Ideally we want to find whole, unprocessed ingredients that are sourced as close to the manufacturer as possible. Organic ingredients are less likely to contain contaminants but do cost more.
For the most part we want to avoid preservatives and dyes in our dog treats. If there are preservatives they should be natural ones such as vitamin C and vitamin E. We also want to avoid treats with packaging that doesn’t provide calorie intake information.
You should also be aware that dogs can be allergic to certain ingredients just like a human can. One report found beef and dairy products to be the top two allergens among canines. If you suspect your dog of being allergic to something take them to your veterinarian as soon as possible to have an allergy test performed.
Bone Treats – these treats have ‘have caused gastrointestinal obstructions, blocked airways, internal bleeding, vomiting and diarrhea’. Because they’re often bulky and hard these treats can also hurt your dog’s teeth.
Waggin’ Train Jerky Treats, Canyon Creek Ranch Jerky Treats, Milo’s Kitchen Homestyle Dog Treats – these treats are currently under investigation by the FDA.
Milk Bone and Beneful Treats – these treats contain chemical preservatives BHA and BHT and added sugar.
Events like the 2007 Pet Food Recalls show that the best way to make sure nothing poisonous is getting into your dog’s treats is to make them at home. This way you can moderate exactly what ingredients are going into your pet’s snacks.
Obesity is an increasingly bigger issue among pets in the United States so be sure to remember that treats should make up no more than 10% of your dog’s total diet. Consider feeding them dinner after training time because this way you can simply feed them less to account for any excessive snacking during the training session.
Is your favorite healthy dog treat not listed in our recommendations? Leave a comment below and let us know what healthy snacks you’re feeding your pet!
Friday 16th November 2018 is Children In Need Day - Children may come to school in their own clothes for a small donation to Children In Need.
All website content copyright © Greenfield Primary School and Early Years Centre : Website Policy Website design by PrimarySite.net
... a lawyer. He is journalist. He is Legal Adviser for the Armed Forces Academic activities Among various University collaborations remember expert for teaching in: - European Union Law, at University ...
Zoned Sports Academy is a baseball and softball developmental training facility. Regardless of age or ability level, our programs are designed to help athletes compete and dominate on and off ...
Spartans Boxing Club is aimed at fighters as well as those that want to use boxing to improve their fitness and health. Everyone welcome.
Looking for Gun Prices? Guns for Sale? Gun mods & gun news? Discover gun reviews & guns for sale classifieds, 15000+ gun gallery of photos.
This is a demo event that allows you to experience RunBot's Event Concierge product as an event attendee. Click the "Send Message" button t go to Messenger, and then click ...
We love the NFL and want to help you learn more about players, positions, rules, stats and much more!
BLINKHARM TRANSPORT SERVICE is a transport service owned by Blinkharm Ltd that operates within Nigeria.
WILD brings Artificial Intelligence to the endurance sports industry - Get your personalised recommendations of booking, training and nutrition with WILD!
NHL Nordiques site is dedicated to providing NHL Nordiques latest news, NHL latest news and original content.
We are a body transformation gym. We will help you lose body fat, add muscle, increase fitness and feel fantastic.
Heineke Urban Polo is a series of polo and music events played in the city. Polo and Music collide in a way that has never been seen in New Zealand ...
Everyone welcome to play #futsal with "The Ball is Flat FC". This is a friendly kick around on Saturdays from 10AM to 12PM at Ashburton Recreation Center.
This is the home of latest Arsenal news,pics,videos and anything related to Arsenal. This is a platform for Arsenal True Fans where they can discuss topics
Team Davis is a great team to be included with team members can help people who are disabled to run to feel like normal as much as they can handle ...
Join us for 3km family run or 6km fun run & watch Arsenal VS Manchester United live at 10.00PM on 06 May 2017.
Then the wheels came off,looked like he was pulling a ford mondeo behind him.... :i am genuinely amused:
That’s where it went wrong then. Stewards enquiry required to find out who the cunt was who attached it
not holding me breathe on it......but she runs in claret and blue so I'll lose another fiver on her..
Other recent experiments include studies of the interaction of one of the most intense lasers in the world, the Vulcan Petawatt laser, with ultra-thin targets of nanometre thickness. In these remarkable, extreme conditions protons and ions can be accelerated up to 10s of MeV per nucleon in accelerating distances of less than a micrometre.
A recent study by the group has demonstrated the formation of Rayleigh-Taylor-like instabilities formed as the ultraintense laser (acting as a ‘light fluid’) exerts its pressure on the plas ma (the ‘heavy fluid’). The instability is imprinted on the proton beam, as can be seen in the image to the right.
Instead of a smooth proton beam, characteristic of interactions with thick targets, the instability causes holes to form in the plasma through which the laser can propagate, resulting in the visible bubbly structure.
Email: pastormarla@immanuel.almelund.org Please call Pastor Marla during office hours or email her if you or loved ones have pastoral care needs. In an emergency call her cell phone anytime, day or night.
NEW MEMBERS WILL BE RECEIVED ON SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 11! If you or someone you know wishes to become a member of Immanuel please contact Pastor Marla or the church office! We look forward to welcoming new members to our Immanuel family.
PASTORS UPCOMING SCHEDULE: November 12-14 - Pastor Marla will be out of town on a retreat in Illinois. For emergency pastoral care while Pastor Marla is gone please contact Pastor Richard Baumann at his home 651-257-3442 or on his cell 651-208-8533.
Sunday, November 4, 2018 All Saints Sunday, at the 9:30 service we will remember the loved ones we have lost this year and those who have died in past years that we hold close in our hearts. There will be an opportuni-ty during our worship service to come forward to light a candle in remembrance of our special loved ones.
Sunday, November 11, 2018 is our Stewardship Sunday and Congregational Potluck! New members received! Make it to Immanuel for a wonderful morning of Thankfulness and Praise as we count our blessings and give back to God our first fruits! (Serving group 5 in charge of potluck.)
Sunday, November 18, 2018 Lets Sing! Our worship music will be provided by Jon Ekstrom and The Kings Men. This group uses polka tunes with Christian lyrics to convey the gospel message. Donations accepted.
Tuesday, November 20, 2018 Our Thanksgiving Service will be on Tuesday beginning at 7:00. Pie and coffee served by WELCA following the service! Sunday, November 25, 2018 Christ the King Sunday! Dedication of Prayer shawls!
Thank you all for the great support of the annual Sampler  workers, musicians, donations and participants. This was a great concert and a great fundraiser for the church. Coming up on the 10th of November the Turkey Bingo will take place again at the Shafer Town Hall. Yours truly will be calling the numbers again so you will have to listen to my unique humor. Put on by the Sarah Circle proceeds go to many different projects such as the dessert serving area and the new carpet in the Fellowship Hall. Stewardship Sunday is Nov. 11 with a chance to turn in your time talent sheet and pledge for next year. We will celebrate with a potluck following the service  please bring your favorite dish to share with me! With thanksgiving coming up we all have so many things to be thankful for. We all are so blessed to live in such a wonderful and giving com-munity. We will be having our annual Thanksgiving service on Nov. 20 at 7pm followed by wonderful pie, coffee and fellowship!
Dont forget to sign up to have your photo taken Nov. 15-17 for our new directory. There is no sitting fee and remember, you get a free 8x10 plus a free directory. We would love to have 100% participation!
On All Saints Sunday, at the 9:30 service we will remem-ber the loved ones we have lost this year and those who have died in past years that we hold close in our hearts. There will be an opportunity during our worship service to come forward to light a candle in remembrance of our special loved ones. Funerals between All Saints Day 2017 and 2018:
NOVEMBER 11New members received! STEWARDSHIP SUNDAY! Come, celebrate Gods gifts to each of usfill out a time and talent form and a pledge for the 2019 year. Stay for a congregational Potluck Dinnerbring a dish to share. Group 5 is in charge of set up and clean up.
November 25CHRIST THE KING SUNDAY! This is the last Sunday of the church year and a day when we celebrate the Kingship of our Savior! This Sunday we will be dedicating Prayer Shawls, the hard work of the Prayer Shawl Ministry before they take a break during December.
Lets Worship To The Polka Beat! On Sunday, November 18, our worship music will be provided by Jon Ekstrom and The Kingsmen. This group uses polka tunes with Christian lyrics to convey the gospel message. They play each year for the Threshing Show worship service. Last year the service they led at Immanuel was a real hit. The fee for this group is $300 so if youd like to help cover the cost you are welcome to submit a donation just write "Polka Service" on the notes line of your check. Come and bring a friend. This is a fun opportunity to reach out to the community and welcome them in to worship at Immanuel.
Vacation Bible School Luther Point Bible Camp Adult Christian Education Curriculum Sanctuary & Fellowship Hall Audio Visual Equipment Youth Group Mission Trips Scholarship Funds Prayer Shawl Ministry Immanuel Quilters Church Banners Itonya Congregation Support African Student Scholarships Tanzanian Mission Trip
Fellowship Hall Sound System Baptism Booklets (for parents and sponsors) Grief Booklets (for families members of those who have lost loved ones)
You may schedule before worship in the gathering area or after worship Sundays ; OR you may go online to the church web-site www.immanuelalmelund.org and you will find a link as soon as you get on the site.
If you have your picture taken by Lifetouch you will receive a free 8x10 and a free directory, and you have the opportunity to order additional photos the day you have your photos taken. The photos ordered will be to you before Christmas. Directories will be handed out at the Annual Meeting in February. Please make our directory complete and take part in our picture directory! Make your appointment today!
Youve seen the pictures and heard the stories. Might this be your turn to experience it for yourself? We are investigating the interest in having a group from Immanuel travel to Tanzania to visit our companion congregation in 2019. Does this perk your interest? If so, talk with Pastor Marla.
Scholarships needed to support Secondary School education for students from Itonya. The average cost per scholarship is $400 and includes a 12.5% administrative fee. Last year Immanuel pledged $2200 and our companions awarded scholarships to 5 students. Our pledge for 2019 is due by Nov 1; please let Pastor Marla know as soon as you can (Nov. 4 if possible.) if you'd like to contribute. Funds will need to be turned in by Jan 1, when their new school year begins. Bega Kwa Bega Fall Festival Saturday, November 10, 2018 - 09:00am to 12:30pm Roseville Lutheran Church in Roseville, 1215 Roselawn Ave., W, Roseville, MN 55113. The Fall Festival is an annual celebration of our Bega Kwa Bega companion synod relationship with the Iringa Diocese of the ELCT. It is a morning filled with worship, fellow-ship, and learning. and will be organized around the Swahili verb 'Kujenga' (meaning 'To Build').
In recent months we have been meeting with other nearby congregations (Trinity in Lindstrom, Zion, Chisago Lakes Lutheran, and First Lutheran in Taylors Falls) to find ways we can work closer together to enhance the ministry we are doing. We now have a name  "MiChiLu" for Mid-Chisago Lutherans.
MiChiLu will be hosting an event at First Lutheran in Taylors Falls on Saturday, November 24 from 2 to 4 called "Getting Ready for Jesus." In contrast to the materialistic cultural focus on presents, decorations, and holiday food, this will be a day of preparing our hearts to celebrate the birth of Jesus. Getting Ready for Jesus will be held on the same day as the Lighting Festival in Taylors Falls sandwiched between a 1 PM puppet show at the United Methodist Church and 4:30 PM community Advent Vespers service.
The event at First Lutheran will be set up with stations for people to come and go and participate in as much of this at theyd like to. MiChiLu needs help preparing for and hosting the craft stations, providing snacks, and making music.
If youre willing to help, let Pastor Marla know. If youd like to come and participate, put it on your calendar  its free, fun, and open to all. Youre welcome to bring fam-ily members or friends for this fun day in preparation for the birth of Jesus.
Turkey Bingo! Invite your friends! Saturday November 10, 2018 at 6:30 pm Shafer Town Hall. Please bring a food shelf item to be in a drawing. Bars are needed and appreciated. Leave in the church kitchen on Saturday before 5pm or bring along when you come to play Bingo. Cost: $20 for 20 games.
Naomi Circle is again collecting childrens pajamas and womens personal items for the Refuge. In the past they have been extremely grateful for this and our Circle wants to say thank you to all of you who have given so generously to this and are hoping you will want to continue to contribute to this project this year.
There will be labeled boxes in the gathering area and we ask that you have your gifts here by Sunday, December 9th. Thank you and blessings to you for caring and sharing.
Our Mitten Tree is going up in the Narthex soon! Bring donations of winter accessories, hats, gloves, scarves, mittens and socks for all ages. Help keep someones head, hands or feet warmer this winter with your donation! And in turn, it will warm your heart with your generous donation!
For sleepless nights and first steps, we give you thanks. For children from the next county and children from around the globe, we give you thanks. For doubts about parenting and outpourings of love, we give you thanks. For healthy and whole children and children with special needs, we give you thanks. For patience and understanding, we give you thanks. For birth mothers and adoptive mothers, we give you thanks. For judges, social workers, therapists and doctors, we give you thanks. Most of all, for having adopted us as your own children, O God, we give you unending thanks. Amen.
This message is adapted from Living from the Heart of God: A journal for lifes stages, published by Women of the ELCA in 2007
My Girl Scout Troop #56332 is working on a Bronze Award which we earn by helping people in the community. We would like you to donate books to our book drive this summer and we will have a bin in the Gathering Area to help us with this. We are collecting used books to use for a book group we are starting at the Chisago Library, possibly called Book Marks - make your mark higher on a book. Through this group we plan to read to some kids and help other kids to read and get better at reading. We are collecting books to use in the book group for ages 3-11. We have decided to collect books for all ages as well to give away to shelters and senior groups. So if you donate books to the book drive, you are not only helping me and my troop, you'll be helping the kids in our book group and others around the community as well! Thank you, Kaitlin and Girl Scout Troop #56332
Cemetery NotePlease do not put wind spinners on the graves in our cemeterythe Almelund wind is too strong and breaks them apart and they get stuck in the mower. Do not plant flowers on the foot of the graves. Flowers will be moved to the head of graves for mowing purposes. Thanks, Daryl Abrahamson, Almelund Cemetery Groundskeeper. (Thanks to Daryl & Julie for keeping our Cemetery so beautiful!)
RECYCLING of ALUMINUM POP CANS Nov 4th at church thanks for participating in this simple fund raiser for church!
YOUR PICTURES! we would like to see your photos of our ministry! As you are involved with things at church or with people from church please submit pictures to the church office or Pastor Marlas email! Snap a pic and send a jpeg and a description of the photos!! Thanks!
CHECK OUT YOUR CHURCH LIBRARY! You may find just the right thing to read while you are on vacation this summer!
Reading the Bible is important. Reading the Bible is a big deal! Whether were reading it alone or in community, whether were hearing it in worship, engaging in group Bible study or doing personal daily devotions, reading the Bible is important for our relationships with God, neighbors and ourselves.
The Bible is the primary way Gods WordJesus Christis revealed to Christians. In fact, Martin Luther referred to the Bible as the manger in which Jesus lies, for it delivers the good news of salvation through Christ, the faith we need to trust this good news, and the guidance we need to respond to this good news as disciples.
This message is an excerpt of "Reading the Bible for love" by Laurie A. Jungling in the April 2018 issue of Gather magazine.
From the last page of our pew Bibles here are some Bible readings that you may want to look at this month
Thank you for your continued support of secondary education in the Iringa Diocese of the ELCT. By working shoulder to shoulder with your companions in Iringa you are helping to equip a new genera-tion of leaders in Tanzania. Here are words of thanks from our 3 sponsored students. -The BKB Scholarship Team
Taranta Kikoti Dear Sponsor, I hope your fine and in my side am fine and I continue well with my studies. My name is Taranta Iaudosy Kikoti am a form two at Lutangilo Secondary School.
The aim of this letter is to say thank you for your sponsorship God be with you, and in my life I have dreams that after accom-plishing my studies I want to be a nurse. This is my dream and for long time I like much to play to sing and to dance also to do oth-er exercise for my body health, dear sponsor am praying for God that can help me to reach my goals and God be with you in your different jobs and works because I see you help to me. Thank for that: GOD BLESS YOU IN OUR LIFE. BE BLESSED. Your faithful Taranta Kikoti
Lidia Mbangile Dear Sponsor, It is my hope that you are fine. I am fine too and Im well with my studies.
I am to say thank you for pane (paying) me money for school fees for this year. For my heart am feeling happy, also I want to say thank you for your good heart. God bless you because you pane me school fees for the year 2017 to now 2018. So I say thank you for all to sponsor student. God bless you for all your life.
Dear Sponsor, I hope that your fine, but also myself am ok! The aim of writing this letter is to say thanks for sponsoring me since I was at form one up to form three and I hope that you may sponsor me up to form 4. In a help of God.
And I hope that I will study hard in order to achieve my goals. And after my studies I want to be a teacher. Because Im studying hard may you God help you in your life and he will increase your years in the world in order to help another people.
HANDICAPPED/SENIOR PARKING SPACES IN THE UPPER, NORTH PARKING LOT. Property Committee has designated spaces in the north lot to be reserved for handicapped parking and seniors. Safe ac-cess from the north lot to the elevator is past the large front doors on the front of the church through the ground level access door. Please leave these spaces near the church for those who need them. Parking is available in the parsonage lot across from the church. Thanks.
Immanuel Prayer Chain. Please call Darlene Anderson at 651-583-3153 to start the prayer chain. Because Darlene uses a wheelchair, please let the phone ring 10 or so times before hanging up. If there is no answer, please leave a message. Darlene will return your call. If you have email you can email to start the prayer chain as well. Her email address is: danderson65@frontiernet.net Also-Let her know if you would like to join the prayer chain!
A team of six people have volunteered to staff our nursery during Sunday worship. Starting in January the nursery was staffed each week, making it more welcoming for young families to attend worship. A big thank you to those who have volunteered. Please spread the word to those who have children of nursery age that they are welcome and invited to be part of our worship each week  and their kids will be well cared for.
The Nursery Volunteers will be available beginning at 9:15 each week. Were stocked up with new toys and eager for young visitors. You are welcome to bring your small children to the nursery.
When donating books to the Church Library please be sure to put your donations into the large basket in the Library and do not put books directly on to the shelves. The Library committee must take a look at them before they are put in our library. Keep Reading! Thanks!
The YOUNG ADULTS group discussed a variety of possibilities moving forward  Bible studies on topics of interest at times that work, a summer camping weekend, a church baseball team, putting faith to work through a service project. This is a time to put your ideas forward and shape the direction of this group to meet your needs as this group is in its formative stages. Come and be part of it. Anyone who is confirmed and in their late teens, 20s, 30s, or 40s is welcome. Families are welcome. Singles are welcome. Friends are welcome. If you have ideas for an event or want more information please contact Matt Carlson at 651-247-2437 or wayne.carlson88@gmail.com.
This entry was posted on Thursday, January 18th, 2018 at 12:46	and is filed under Caribbeancompr, Uncensored. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Dear Divine, this is (Your Name Here), give me capable, competent, willing, loving, friendly help, aid, and assistance with the successful fulfillment of my desires & endeavors in a manner that is delightful to me & in Divine Harmony. I now freely welcome this. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you Divine.
تغییرات نسخه 5.1.6 - NEW: Updated Layer Slider Plugin To Latest Version As of Release Date - NEW: Updated Slider Revolution Plugin To Latest Version As of Release Date - NEW: When using anchor scrolling, the current anchors are updated in the browser address bar - NEW: Countdown element can now user 3 digits for weeks and 4 digits for days - IMPROVED: Added a fallback for CSS compiler if file contents can't be read - IMPROVED: Timestamp for CSS compiler - IMPROVED: The Fusion Library path constant was updated to also work on non standard WP installs - IMPROVED: Error messages on product registration page - IMPROVED: Added additional styling for Fusion Page Option dropdowns on Events post edit screen - IMPROVED: Added a notice on registration page, if token does not have all needed permissions set - UPDATED: All WooCommerce translation strings are compatible with WooCommerce 3.0.3 now - FIXED: Small W3C validation error in menus - FIXED: WooCommerce 3.0 compatibility issue, where new products didn't show in carousel elements - FIXED: WooCommerce product quantity +/- buttons removed in product can only be boughty individually - FIXED: WooCommerce product images not being displayed on shop page after deactivation / reactivation - FIXED: WooCommerce shop_messages shortcode not being updated to new name - FIXED: Infinite scroll not working on blog archive pages - FIXED: 404 console error on portfolio pages that use infinite scroll - FIXED: Insert from URL option in WP upload dialog not working for image frame element - FIXED: WPML issue, where Theme Options were not loaded correctly on frontend when default language is not English - FIXED: Portfolio Slug Theme Options not being applied on frontend - FIXED: Buttons not being displayed correctly on portfolio archive pages when full content is used - FIXED: Patches not being applied correctly on multisite installs - FIXED: Breadcrumb issue when on search page of a custom post type - FIXED: Sidebar Map now being full width on Events Calendar Single Post pages - FIXED: Removed portfolio grid layout from the archive layout setting in Theme Options - FIXED: Events Calendar post excerpts displaying shortcode markup on frontend archive pages - FIXED: Theme Option search not working correctly for Fusion Builder elements - FIXED: Some setting values being incorrect on archive pages due to incorrectly returned page id - FIXED: Menu setup issue on Technology demo - FIXED: Pixelated logo on construction demo import - FIXED: Code Block Encoding setting in Theme Options not working correctly - FIXED: Styles missing on WooCommerce main shop page under certain circumstances - FIXED: Side header issue in IE11, where menu icons were not aligned correctly - FIXED: PHP error in demo importer when no Fusion Slider is part of the demo - FIXED: Fusion Builder being disabled after update from a pre Avada 4.0 version
The God of the Old Testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction: jealous and proud of it; a petty, unjust, unforgiving control-freak; a vindictive, bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser; a misogynistic, homophobic, racist, infanticidal, genocidal, filicidal, pestilential, megalomaniacal, sadomasochistic, capriciously malevolent bully.
How is it that hardly any major religion has looked at science and concluded, 'This is better than we thought! The Universe is much bigger than our prophets said, grander, more subtle, more elegant? Instead they say, 'No, no, no! My god is a little god, and I want him to stay that way.' A religion, old or new, that stressed the magnificence of the Universe as revealed by modern science might be able to draw forth reserves of reverence and awe hardly tapped by the conventional faiths.
So you’ve seen epic pictures of your friends jumping over fire or covered in mud on facebook. But...
I have only just worked out how to take my humidifier tank apart after nearly 2 years. The brown sludge on the bottom was pretty disgusting and probably explains why the air from the pump smelled so…Continue
"Hi Sharon, You don't say what brand of mask you are using? I have this one http://tinyurl.com/yc6nfu9k and provided I adjust the straps correctly it functions very well. You may also find a custom CPAP pillow helps."
"You need to get an appointment at your local hospital's sleep unit. They will fit you with a sensor on your finger that you wear overnight to measure oxygen saturation and pulse rate. The results will show if you have sleep apnea. Then you can…"
"This seems to be a common problem. http://www.cpaptalk.com/viewtopic/t92805/search.php?keywords=no+neck+strap FWIW I wear a Quattro FX full face mask and have not problems with the straps. http://tinyurl.com/y7n8fny2 Regards, Iain Noble"
"Pete, I know what you mean about the claustrophobia. I suffered the same when I first starting using a mask. All I can say is keep at it, the feeling will wear off and now I can't actually get to sleep unless I am wearing the mask. If you are…"
"Hi, You don't say what type of mask you are using at present and what specific problems it is causing you? As for your long haul flight you will need a letter from your doctor, sleep clnic etc. to say the pimp is medical equipment and that it…"
"I empty my tank every morning (it splits in two) and leave it to dry. I have a water softener (and previously used bottled water) and lime scale isn't much of a problem. Once in a while I tip some vinegar in to the tank and give it…"
"You don't provide a lot of information about your problem. Have you consulted your local doctor? In my case I was tired all the time and my wife complained of my loud snoring. My sister pointed out that as well as snoring very loudly I was…"
"It would probably help the nice folks n here to help you if you mentioned which model of machine you are using? Also where you are in the world? In the meantime checkout http://www.cpap.com/cpap-hose.php"
3. Post your photos - of yourself, your old CPAP machine, your new CPAP machine, your pet, something about you!
"Before I make a decision I am going to try something different. I have noticed that when it goes up to 20 most times it has done so when the pressure has dropped to minimum which is 12 at present. I will increase the minimum pressure to 14 so…"
"I think its time to make a decision. Either buy another make of APAP or get referred to another hospital which supplies a different make"
"That is hard to believe. A pressure of 20 is quite high and very few require that amount of pressure. 1 ltr/min is nothing, the machine should cope with that without any problems at all. A lot of people get mixed up with pressure and…"
"I thought I had this problem solved but it got stuck at 20 again last night. My 95% pressure was 19, AHI 0.1 and leak 1 l/min. Sleepyhead shows that it was stuck at 20 for approx 30 mins ."
"Don't know what machine ou have, but a heated hose can help a lot. You can get them as a stand alone but it is not ideal. If your machine has the facility for a heated hose it might be worth the investment. Heating the room will help."
"There are plenty on the market, but one thing I would make sure it did was to store the data for printing or downloading. There are plenty that say they do this and don't, so be aware of buying off Amazon or Ebay."
"Like you say yourself Ruth, warming up the bedroom will help, but also if you don't have a heated humidifier then that would help - as will covering the tube with a Hose Cover."
Hi I have sleep apnoea & Copd this is my first winter using cpap, found it very hard to sleep last night because of breathing in cold air was wondering if anyone had any suggestions on how to warm the air up besides sleeping in a warm room? I…See More
I have for sale a converter which allows the S9 machine, which requires a 24v supply, to run from a vehicle 12v or 24v DC socket, or direct from a 12v battery. The converter can power a humidifier and heated tube as well as the CPAP machine,…See More
"I'll be interested to know what you have found. Give it time so you can prove what is happening. I had my machine pulse at full pressure for the second time when it was switched on, turning it off then on again a couple of times with a…"
Hello everyone!I would very much like to check my oxygen levels during the night. Can anyone recommend an Oximeter to purchase please?My mask is a F&P Brevida which has soft straps and one of the straps slips up my head during the night, making…See More
"Oh what a shame Kyla. We are all so different with our sensitivies to smells, as I love the clean smell after using mine. I'd advise you edit this with the price you're looking for, to save lots of messages agreeing and…"
SOLD!! ! I am selling my soclean machine. It is a fantastic machine and does the job, however I am struggling with the "ozone" smell it turns my stomach. I only purchased it on 18/09/18 so only had a couple of weeks use. I purchased it with an…See More
The Bar Stool Preachers are playing Dublin net Thursday, Nov 1. In advance of their gig I wrote to the band asking them to pick this weeks Thursday tunes. I have seen them live before and their ska-infused, street punk inspired songs stay do get you smiling and thinking Thursday tunes - Bar Stool preachers … Continue reading Thursday Tunes – Bar Stool Preachers
Ian Callagy on Cathal Funge. An interview with the broadcaster Cathal about his punk radio documentary.
Hop On Hop Off Istanbul is a licensed as A Group Travel Agency, by the Turkish Ministry of Culture and Tourism and member of TURSAB ( Association of Turkish Travel Agencies ) It is one of the biggest Travel Agency in operating and organizing Daily Nature Tours and Trip inside and outside of Istanbul, with the availability of English, French and Arabic language.
We talk about Gary's trip to Colorado and Jay's trip to Chattanooga. Jay goes on an Orlando brewery tour with Kyle! We talk about Florida's first hop crop!
GABF what to do and where to go! Beer camp is a real thing and when craft beer meets history! We share a beer with mans best friend its a non alcoholic beer for dogs don't worry!
The Canadians are brewing beer with THC. Want to plan a bottle share we'll tell you how and we learn about the best summer beers of 2018!
This episode the crew takes a trip to Ellipsis Brewing in Orlando Florida for the Dot Dot Dot comedy show and we brought back 4 great beers to share! We talk about sharing beer with mans best friend and how global warming could be affecting beer production..wait what!?
Ten best breweries in the U.S. according to yelp. Looking for a great beer scene we'll tell you where to go! We get our hands on some more Pliny The Elder and we take some advice from Tex from carolina!! Thanks for listening!
Jay goes to a BBQ and hosts a bottle share. We try to figure out how to build a kegerator. What states residents drink the most beer?
This episode we talk about a recent trip to North Carolina and our visit to the Raleigh Beer Garden! We also talk about the world beer cup 2018 and 10 worst beers in the world!
thought you would be interested in the following article published at the Havana Journal: Cuba hails condemnation by summit of `blockade’ The Cuban government called last weekend’s Iberoamerican Summit, with its call to lift the U.S. ‘blockade’ of the island nation a success. Read the rest: http://havanajournal.com/politics/entry/cuba_hails_condemnation_by_summit_of_blockade/
We only email you whenever there’s a new blog post for you to read (which happens not more than twice a month!)
It’s been a while since I planned to start exploring the North, and finally it happened, after I found a very valid reason to dare visiting one of the coldest parts of Earth in January, dedicate time & money for planning and execution  Guess what was the reason for all this buzz? A birthday of a Very Important Person! Have you ever impressed someone with a trip gift? If you did please share your experience, if not maybe we can plan it together?
I was always dreaming to be surprised by someone packing my suitcase, buying the tickets and planning the adventures, and then kidnapping me to the airport. Well, so far it never happened (so I have to be my own Santa), but at least I’m getting the excitement when planning these birthdays for others, and wish there were more occasions to impress with these purely emotional, and zero materialistic gifts! Is your birthday soon?
I started by checking out all the airports in the Arctic Circle area, and researching about chances for Aurora. Well, you need 3 things for seeing it:
Auroras occur from August to April, but there is no precise forecast to predict it well in advance, so you can book your flights and accommodation at a good rate  The only thing we all do when coming to the North is relying on our good luck, because nights should be the darkest in winter, sky should be the clearest in case it’s cold (what can be colder than January), and the solar activity – … well, this is the ‘hope for the best’ part of planning.
I was choosing between Norway and Finland, and somehow comparing the beauty of accommodation types (because the other parameters are more or less the same), I ended up with the Finnish Lapland, more specifically with Rovaniemi. And neither I, nor the VIP birthday guest, were disappointed, even though we couldn’t see the Aurora.
This brings back to my mind another important thing to share with you: Auroras are pure luck (do your best and hope for the best), but be sure to choose a place where you’ll get other attractions and activities to enjoy. You can stay in the middle of nowhere waiting for Aurora Borealis, but they may just not come, and you’ll be very depressed for spending your time passively waiting.
The North is much more than just the greenish-pinkish sky full of solar activity. It’s huskies, reindeers, cuisine, ice & snow (and ice hotels), endless safari ideas and just cozy wooden and warm houses where you feel yourself so Lappish that even start understanding their language while having the local TV on the background.
It’s been only 3 full days in Lapland, and almost 3 days on the road! But it was definitely worth it!
I was very optimistic and was sure that the right hunt will take you to auroras, whatever the sky above your house is! Well, we arrived the night before and saw impressive snow-white forest along the dark road, and an equally white sky, predicting a lot more snow, but auroras above us 
Experienced in Aurora locals take you to the most far from civilization places, where no city lights can disturb the darkness of the sky
Whether you see it or not, you’ll most probably end up with a camp fire, sausages, tea and coffee (Finnish people drink more coffee than any other nation in the world)
Well, the Aurora hunt I booked was smoother, less active, I wasn’t sure if my guest would like running around with a bus in order to see (and then maybe not see after all these) the Auroras. So I chose an aurora evening, with an ‘educational’ forest walk, a camp fire and sausages to wait for the northern lights well equipped 
There were a few pick up points in the most popular places – the Santa Claus Village (close to the airport) or the Santa Claus Hotel in the centre of Rovaniemi.
Once we were on board of the mini bus with the rest of the group (another 4 people, generally their tours are open to public, but you can request a private activity) we headed towards the cottage of Happy Fox, put on extra overalls on top of our owns, got some rhubarb candies and went out to the wild 
We started from making the camp fire (or actually our guide did) and then entered the forest and started my favourite walk – deep snow, fire trees, and silence of a night in a forest
The rest of the activity until midnight we spent at the camp fire speaking about life in Lapland, the nature, the legends, and of course enjoying the slightly burnt on fire sausages and Karelian pie
Let me come back a bit to the forest part. It is really a-mazing! You see so many of footprints on the snow, it’s so hard to believe that this quiet, sleeping forest can be as lively as Turkish bazar. Then you’ll see how fire trees got used to the Lappish conditions – because of tons of snow on their branches, they don’t grow high and wide. Fire trees of the same age but growing in southern Finland can be twice higher, and much more wider in branches.
Our guides showed us huge anthills, can you imagine that the first thing the Polar bear does after waking up in spring, is taking a handful of the anthill, for ants being a great source of pure protein for a bear!
Then we walked down to the frozen river where in summer they have a sauna floating on water, do boat trips, fishing, next to the river have berry safaris and even gold panning (the soil here is famous to be full of gold).
We enjoyed the night a lot, and kept many memories for us. For not seeing the auroras we were rewarded by meeting a wild reindeer next to the road, who was digging in the snow to get some roots for dinner. Actually this is not a surprise for locals, since next to the road is always the forest, so reindeers, bears, squirrels, elves and other residents 
Talking about the organizer – you can’t believe how many offers of Aurora hunts there are in the web! And most of my time was spent on comparing the offered services vs prices, and then the communication with the organizing company. That’s how I chose Happy Fox  Weird name? Not at all!
The legend says that the Auroras are caused by a magical fire fox Tulikko running so fast, that once it’s feet touch the snow, it sends sparkles to the sky. The aurora itself is called ‘Fox Fire’ in Finnish (‘Revontulet’). And let’s be honest the company got a point from me for naming themselves after the Fire Fox, sounds so good!
Kristina and Mika were very responsive (believe me or not, but I still have those never answered emails, when booking an activity). I clarified everything via email, and could pay online by card. To compare, there was a company asking to pay by transfer – why would anyone ever make an international transfer when there are others offering the same but with 0% commission paying by card or paypal? And I get really angry when such small companies which should fight for every client, don’t fight for their chance by starting a paypal account…
But that’s another story, the main point is that I was very happy with the choice and we even promised the hosts to come back in spring when the ice breaks on rivers 
Turning back from night to day – since the activity started in the evening (9 pm), we had time to do some self-discoveries and visited the Santa Claus Village. And there are a few important things for you to know before going there:
Don’t stay in Santa Claus Village – it might seem as the best and most authentic place when visiting their website, but in fact they offer some very small wooden cottages or tree houses located just next to each other, so you’ll have zero privacy for enjoying the nature.
It’s enough for coming for a few hours for seeing Santa (actually in the area there are 3 of them – 2 in the village and 1 in the Santa Claus Park)
Be careful entering the shops with your children – every little toy starts at minimum of 20 EUR, and if your children are a bit like me, they’ll want many, many toys from there
Reindeer and husky safaris in Santa Claus Village – if you are tight on time and budget you may do these here. But! A 20 min husky safari will cost you 40 EUR (hope I remember the figures right), and you’ll ride around people, cars, tourists etc. On the other hand, you can pay 125 EUR, ride 2 hours in a wild forest, disconnect from civilization and just wow to the view every single second. And you’ll ride your own sleigh on your own, all the 2 hours! But I’ll let you know more details on Day #3 
Don’t get it wrong – go to the Santa Claus Village, once you are in Rovaniemi, but don’t choose it as your base point for accommodation and activities. The authentic Lapland is so close, just a few kilometers away, so why would you waste your chance exploring it?
I saw many times hotels made of ice and snow on TV, and never ever considered it as an option for me to stay. In fact, before the trip to Lapland, I realized that it would be a loss not to try out! When and where else if not here and now 
The Arctic Snow Hotel is impressive just by understanding that it melts every year, and then gets constructed again by December. Everything is made of either ice, or snow, even the bar & restaurants inside. By the way, none of these works full day – the bar opens from 5:30 to 6:30 pm, and then around 10:30 to 11:30, the restaurants – only for dinner, and by prior reservation. There is no human being ready to stay there in ice all day long.
The bed in your room is made of ice, then covered with reindeer hide, there is a small ‘coffee table’ made of ice, 2 plugs for your freezing phones, and a curtain instead of a door covering the entrance to a standard double room. The cost was 220 EUR/night
Then there are suites – more spacious, with carvings on walls, larger beds. These are 350 EUR. Besides that you can find a family room, a triple, or even larger one.
Check in starts at 3 pm, at that time or approx. every hour the hotel arranges a tour for all the arrived guests. This is when they’ll show you the facilities of the hotel – your room, the lockers, restaurants & bar, the eateries outside the hotel (not made of ice), ice sauna and standard Finnish sauna.
The building with the reception – is the place for breakfast next morning, and there is a room which is open all night long in case you are cold in your ice hotel (but that room was already cold at midnight, since they turned off the heating when closed the reception)
How to survive in an ice hotel? The locker room in the hotel has lockers for your personal belongings (we didn’t use it), sleeping bags and liners from fleece, and beds where you can sleep in warm if you are too cold in your ice room. The lockers is in something like a truck connected to the hotel, but not made of ice, so it has heating.
During the tour you’ll get an instruction on how to wrap yourself up at night, but I didn’t like it, because it wasn’t clear and the English of our guide wasn’t the best.
#1 Don’t go for the sleeping bag and put yourself in bed unless you are sure to fall asleep within the next half an hour – your room in the ice hotel is not a place where you just lay down to relax on your bed!
#2 Once you’re sure, take your sleeping bag and the liner from lockers, but don’t get undressed there (recommended to undress by the guide). Your room might be at the other end of the hotel, and you don’t want to waste your body warmth on the way.
#3 Take of your jacket, trousers, sweaters, shoes – and stay in your thermal underwear (if you don’t have one, stay in sweater and tights). Put your cloths to the sleeping bag’s bottom, for warming up you, and having the cloths warm in the morning.
#5 Put your liner inside the sleeping bag, and then crawl into it. Keep the reindeer hides under the sleeping bag.
That’s it! This way you won’t be cold, even on the contrary. If you are from a very southern place, and your nose gets cold at night (nose and eyes are the only things uncovered), try to use a knitted scarf, to cover your face. It will let the air circulate but keeps your breathing warm.
By default the guides will wake you up at 7:30, you can change this time to anything until 10 am – that’s the check-out time. And can you believe, when the guides asked if anyone wants other time than 7:30, no one was against this early hour. And in the morning many of them even woke up before this hour!
Who knows maybe I was the only one sleeping sweet and deep in an ice hotel? I generally sleep very well in places with fresh, cool air 
Important to know: there is no reason to stay more than 1 night in the snow hotel, unless you are an Eskimo. Even the hotel recommends it for an overnight stay only.
Besides that, if you don’t want to stay in the ice hotel, but want to see it and take photos – please, you are more than welcome! Just park your car and walk in the ice hotel – the door is open, there is no receptionist to check if you have a room or not. Finland is a very very safe country and no one would ever had an idea that it might be dangerous. I received the key to my locker and went to check it out, however on my way I got too excited by the rooms having no doors, being empty and very welcoming, so I never arrived to the locker room, but kept taking photos of their various bedrooms.
The also offer the famous glass igloos, which are obviously made of glass, to facilitate the Aurora observation. I really wanted to stay here, but the price was painful – 600 EUR/night! But when I saw them live, I actually didn’t regret and realized how happier is the stay in our Airbnb house
Actually only the roof is made of ice, there are plenty of igloos and all very close to each other, and they are small, tiny. It’s not like a house or hotel room where you feel comfortable to spend time during the day, not only once asleep.
Besides that, the biggest disappointment would be to book a stay in glass igloo for all 5 nights, so 3000 EUR, and see zero auroras just because the sky is cloudy)) Remember the northern lights are pure luck!
As I mentioned above, there are different activities in the ice hotel area. One of them is ice fishing – thanks to the huge frozen lake just next to the hotel, you don’t have to walk a lot. If you always wanted to try it out – do it! But keep in mind that if it’s just cold outside, it will be extremely cold on the lake, and not only cold, but very windy.
Whatever your overalls are, you won’t stay there more than 20 min, unless ice fishing was your one and only dream since childhood. The chances to catch a fish in January, in the evening are low, very low. The morning session is more promising, but even if you succeed, don’t forget that the rule is to let the fish go afterwards (live).
By the way, I told nothing so far about food? Did we eat these days and what? Restaurants are not so much spread around the Lappish forests  Find out about what to eat in Lapland here
There are so many things to do in Lapland, that till the end I couldn’t decide what will we do on our last day. Reindeers and huskies won as the most authentic creatures in the Lappish forest. Just as most of you I thought that 2 hours ride is too much – how can you stay outdoors that long if it’s anything in between 0 and -25 C ? But since the only short (touristic) rides were provided by the Santa village, and didn’t require prior reservation, I didn’t book anything and hoped for the best.
On the other hand, I never stop researching, even when all is planned, there is always a chance to find something omitted before. That’s how it was with huskies!
Raitola – is perhaps the best husky and reindeer park in Rovaniemi. It looks just as good as anything seen by me in the area. And since it was just 3-4 min further than the Santa village, we didn’t mind checking out.
First you’ll see the reindeer part – a cottage and lots of reindeers behind the wooden fence, relaxing and laying on the snow (I could never believe that these creatures are okay with sleeping directly on the snow!). Then if you continue to the next wooden cottage you’ll see a huge dog area with many dog houses, puppies and adult huskies. Don’t worry, it’s not a zoo or circus – the animals here are very happy, healthy and perfectly taken care of.
Now what to choose if you have no time for both (we were sure we’ll do both, but huskies were in priority). Huskies are more fun, they are very active, lively, sometimes unpredictable, and you’ll ride your sleigh on your own. Reindeers are for slower walks, and the only thing you’ll do is sitting in the sleigh covered with reindeer hides (although they raise their speed at the end of the ride once close to home).
So we entered the building belonging to the husky part and asked if we can have a husky ride. The girl we asked passed us to her colleague, who came and said that we should go upstairs for the overalls to put on top of our cloths, as well as shoes, jackets, gloves, and even goggles.
After dressing up as much as possible, we went to wait outside and one of the Raitola guides asked if we are the part of the group coming for the 2-h safari. We said we are not, but we’d like to join. The answer sounded like ‘anyways it will be the 2-h safari’.
Trying to avoid the long safari, indeed we ended up there waiting for the other part of our group  and no one didn’t even told us the price (of course I checked while waiting).
When the group arrived, I was sure they are all professional skiers from Switzerland)) They looked athletic and very accustomed to cold temperatures, and to be honest this made me afraid – what will I do if get cold during the ride in the middle of the forest, 20 people won’t turn back because of me!
It became even worse when the guide started explaining how to ride the sleigh – the explanation how to break, keep distance between the sleigh and dogs, that if you hit the huskies by chance with the sleigh they might refuse continuing, it all sounded so serious, that me, with my navigation skills, is not someone suitable to control these very smart dogs.
But what to do? Once there, there is no way back. And guess what? They put us into the first sleigh, leading the group (and all those ‘Swiss skiers’ stayed behind!).
The hardest physically job is done by the dogs closest to the sleigh, they are actually the ones carrying you
The hardest psychologically done by the two dogs in front – they have to deal with the feeling that all other dogs behind are chasing them. These dogs are leading the others, they are barking before the start to spread the word to the ones behind to prepare for the run. If they stop, all the group will do the same.
During our ride the guide changed the leading dogs in our sleigh, because the husky who was leading it in the beginning, didn’t feel like doing it that day (by the way, the guides are very strict with the dogs, but as soon as a dog performs well, you see how much the guide loves the huskies, and paying back for the good job by petting and saying many encouraging words in Finnish))
During the 2 hour ride you have a stop in the middle of the safari for photos – the guide will take photos of you then, and you can change with your partner from ‘passenger’ to ‘driver’, if you want. Generally, it’s 1 h of sitting in the sleigh and being a passenger (and photographer of all the surroundings!), and 1 h of riding and encouraging the dogs to run (maybe they don’t pay attention to you too much, but if you shout, you feel like contributing to their speed).
There are no words to describe how impressive was the snow-white forest, the communication with huskies, the excitement you get when the dogs from the sleigh behind start getting closer and try overcoming you)) I’m very thankful for the destiny to bring us here to Raitola in the correct time, just before their scheduled safari was about to start, and extremely happy that it was 2 hours, not half an hour or so.
I would definitely recommend to make reservations (relying on luck doesn’t work 24/7), and choose either a 2 hour, or not less than 1 hour rides.
Our guide made a Q&A session after the safari and brought a husky puppy inside the cottage to socialize. During this session I really learned some amazing things:
The Alaskan huskies have very different appearance. The reason is that during the Klondike Gold Rush people needed lots of dogs for transportation, so all the foreigners arriving to America from Europe were pairing their dogs with the local ones. They didn’t care about appearance, but payed a lot of attention to selecting the huskies by physical capabilities, resistance and friendly attitude towards people. That’s why all the huskies you’ll meet in Raitola look different.
Huskies consume 9000 calories a day! And all this comes from very specialized food for working dogs, which is protein and fat full.
Huskies run around 50 km a day (our safari was around 17 km, and some of them already worked in the morning ride, and will do a night ride as well), and 3000 km per season.
These dogs have the longest holiday ever – 4 months. They don’t train, just socialize and enjoy the mild summer weather. Huskies start training in autumn to get back in shape.
The puppies spend the first year of their life just socializing, because being human friendly is a very important part of their CVs.
All the dogs are born outdoors and sleep outdoors in their dog houses, they don’t feel comfortable inside the cottage.
So what happened to the reindeers? Well, after the first safari we were exhausted and it was already dark. And although there was a night reindeer ride, we felt like it would be something extra.
It was the third day of our activities in Rovaniemi, and what remained was dinner and packing suitcases (for 3 days we took a checked in and a cabin bag, that much of ‘wrapping’ you need).
Talking about the dinner – the house I rented on Airbnb was not only well done till the last detail, not only smart, but also very authentic, made in a traditional Finnish style, but as a bonus had a private sauna inside and a separate cabin with a grill! So guess what was the dinner during all the stay here?
Fuel oil is a heavy variable cost at Imerys RCC’s kaolin plant in Barcarena, Brazil. The team set up to reduce consumption focused on evaporators and driers, the most energy-intensive items.
Several solutions were identified: pre-heating slurry before it goes into the evaporators and driers; preheating air entering the main ventilator with heat from the burner; reducing the slurry’s water content by increasing the amount of solids in the filters and reducing dilution after filtration.
Since the project, a 2010 winner in our internal Sustainable Development challenge, was launched, the plant has significantly reduced its fuel oil consumption.
Since 2005, our Sustainable Development reporting perimeter includes all activities on which we have an operational control.
Our Sustainable Development policy supports the Group’s long-term strategy. Actions are guided by a three-year plan that sets goals for each of our areas of activity. The three-year plan also provides for gradual, continuous performance improvement.
We work to reduce our environmental impact and use natural resources efficiently. We control our activities’ impact on the environment and set up management systems that allow us to improve our performance continuously.
Health and Safety, Human Resources, Ethic, and dialogue with our neighboring communities are among our main corporate social responsibility priorities.
The Group processes, enriches and combines a unique range of minerals, in many cases mined from its own deposits, to contribute essential functions to its customers’ products and processes.
Since May 4, 2018, the Executive Management is carried out by Conrad Keijzer, CEO, assisted by an Executive Committee comprised of the Group’s main operational and functional managers to assist him in the general management of the Group.
The Executive Committee is an informative and advisory body. Its mission is to ensure that the organization, resources and general management of the Group’s business, as implemented by each member within their individual area of responsibility and under the authority of the Chief Executive Officer, are adapted to the strategy adopted by the Board of Directors and in accordance with fixed policies and objectives.
to review the strategies and budgets submitted by individual Group divisions to the Strategic Committee and the Board of Directors, ensure their implementation, supervise their application, and make any adjustments required to ensure compliance with them;
to define key targets for improving overall Group performance (particularly in terms of operational, financial, employment, social and environmental issues, as well as the occupational health and safety of employees), monitor those targets and implement any corrective measures that may prove necessary;
to review the suitability, development and mobility of Group management resources in accordance with its current and future needs, and with key planned organizational changes;
to adopt, manage deployment and supervise the implementation of those cross-functional and/or transformational policies and actions that apply to all parts of the Group (Innovation, CSR, Human Resources, Communication, Operational Excellence, Geology & Mines, Health & Safety, Legal & Regulatory Compliance, Internal Control & Risk Management, Information Systems and Internal Efficiency), and in a more general sense, all plans, operations and/or measures that are subject to the scrutiny of the Executive Committee by the Chief Executive Officer, either at his initiative or when proposed by other members.
The Executive Committee meets in principle once a month and as often as the interests of the Group require it. It met 11 times in 2017.
The Executive Committee is comprised, in addition to the Chief Executive Officer, Conrad Keijzer, of the Group’s main operational and functional managers.
Appointed as Chief Executive Officer on May 4, 2018, Conrad joined Imerys in March, 2018 after having served as a member of the Board of Management at AkzoNobel NV and as CEO of its Performance Coatings business. Prior, he held numerous leadership positions across AkzoNobel’s businesses and he was based in the United States, Mexico, Spain, Germany and the Netherlands. He has completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School in the United States and has a masters degree as an Industrial Engineer from Twente University in the Netherlands.
Vice-President. Strategy, M&A and International Development. Supervision of Oilfields Solutions divisions.
He joined Imerys in 1995, after beginning his career in strategy consulting at Mars & Co. He was first in charge of Strategy & Development for the Group. After having held management positions in several business units and divisions, he was successively appointed head of various business groups: Pigments for Paper & Packaging, Minerals for Ceramics/Refractories/ Abrasives & Foundry, Energy Solutions & Specialties. In October 2016, he took also responsibility over Imerys Strategy, M&A and International Development while maintaining the supervision of the Oilfields Solutions division.
He joined Imerys in 2002 after beginning his career in Europe and in the USA with Siemens and then held several positions with BASF and Schlumberger. He was successively in charge of a business unit, a division and then of the Performance & Filtration Minerals business group. Since 2015, in addition to the Performance Additives and Filtration divisions, he also been overseeing the Metallurgy and Carbonates divisions.
He joined Imerys in 2003 after several years in investment banking, first at Société Générale in France and Spain and then at Rothschild & Cie in Paris. Started with Imerys as Head of Strategy and Development, he was then in charge of the Minerals for Ceramics division. Since July 1, 2013, he has also been overseeing the roofing division and now as well the Kaolin and Graphite & Carbone divisions.
He joined Imerys in 2000 upon the acquisition of Treibacher Schleifmittel after working for a chemical company in Italy and then in Germany. He was then successively in charge of a business unit and then of the whole Fused Minerals division. He also oversees the Monolithic Refractories (Calderys) and Aluminates divisions as well.
He joined Imerys in 2015 as Chief Financial Officer of the Group. He began his career with Arthur Andersen where he held various management positions before joining Groupe Bruxelles Lambert in 1995 where he held various positions including Director of Investments, then Chief Financial Officer.
He joined Imerys in 1999 as General Counsel and Secretary of the Board. His career was previously with Pechiney, where he started in the Group’s Legal Department before taking over its Corporate Department. Since the end of 2016, he also has been heading the Group’s Corporate Social Responsibility department.
He joined Imerys in June 2016 as Group Chief Innovation Officer. Previously, he spent more than 11 years in research and development at Goodyear Tire & Rubber in Europe and the United States, before taking on responsibility for innovation at Dow Corning and then heading Sabic Innovative Plastics (formerly GE Plastics).
He joined Imerys in 2015 as Director of Mining and Industrial Operations and was appointed Group Chief Industrial Officer in October 2016. He previously held industrial management positions at Pechiney for nearly 16 years and then in several other International industrial groups (Alcan, Vallourec, Lafarge, Etex).
He joined Imerys as Group Chief Human Resources Officer in January 2017, after holding various human resources management positions for the groups: Valeo, Poclain Hydraulics, Rhodia and Norbert Dentressangle. He was since 2008 Director of Human Resources and member of the Managing Board of Tarkett.
Since April 28, 2011, the company’s General Management has been under the responsibility of Gilles Michel, Chairman and CEO.
The Board of Directors permanently monitors management of the company by the General Management. Find out about its responsibilities, operating method and composition.
Three specialist committees with a consultative role have been created, under the responsibility of the Board of Directors. Find out about their role and composition.
Please just send me inquiry, your inquiry will be replied within 24 hours, we will let you know the latest price .
Shipment: For sample order, we use DHL, TNT, FEDEX, EMS etc. express;for batch order, by sea or by air( through our forward)
Yes,we are professional manufacturer mainly in power inverter for about 9years.Our factory is located in Jinan,Shandong,China.
3.Independent R&D team with high degree and rich experience.Production and management is more than 10 years
This is NOT a game bug report (use the comment section for game bug issue). Only report the game if it's not loading or working on your side. Make sure you visit our help/faq before you contact us.
ArcadeCabin.com is your #1 gaming website in the whole universe! If you're looking to play free games then you have come to the right place. We provide flash games, unity games, MMORPG, mobile friendly games (HTML5) and even game apps for your devices! Looking for cheats and walkthrough guides for your games? We got them too! And guess what? We review the best games as well! Enjoy our website and happy gaming!
Do you have an awesome game you want to submit? Submit your game now and if it's awesome enough, we will publish it here at ArcadeCabin.com!
Let us know if you're looking for a publisher or sponsor for your game. / We can also discuss marketing opportunities if you're interested on promoting your game. Contact us »
For the 12th year, neighbors and friends will gather at Harcourt and Juneau to welcome the New Year. This year’s celebration will feature the erection and testing of a 35′ pole that will hold the famous Arcadia Ball aloft until midnight. A show of muscle and strength will be needed–volunteers are asked to come to Harcourt and Juneau at NOON on Monday, December 31st to erect the pole. This will be a time commitment of an hour and a half. See you there!
The November/December 2018 edition of The Arcadian newsletter was recently distributed. In case you missed it, you can read it here. If you would like to submit items for publication in The Arcadian, December 28th is the deadline for submitting items for the January/February issue. Please send them to: Betty Mayes, 3209 Berkshire Rd., Baltimore, MD 21214, or e-mail bbmayes@verizon.net. Your suggestions and articles for newsletter content are always welcome; however, we cannot accept anonymous contributions.
The September/October 2018 edition of The Arcadian newsletter was recently distributed. In case you missed it, you can read it here. If you would like to submit items for publication in The Arcadian, October 31st is the deadline for submitting items for the November/December issue. Please send them to: Betty Mayes, 3209 Berkshire Rd., Baltimore, MD 21214, or e-mail bbmayes@verizon.net. Your suggestions and articles for newsletter content are always welcome; however, we cannot accept anonymous contributions.
The July/August 2018 edition of The Arcadian newsletter was recently distributed. In case you missed it, you can read it here. If you would like to submit items for publication in The Arcadian, August 31st is the deadline for submitting items for the September/October issue. Please send them to: Betty Mayes, 3209 Berkshire Rd., Baltimore, MD 21214, or e-mail bbmayes@verizon.net. Your suggestions and articles for newsletter content are always welcome; however, we cannot accept anonymous contributions.
Due to anticipated inclement weather on Saturday, the Arcadia block party will be held on Sunday from 1 to 5. See you there!
AIA President Lisa Frank has created a short questionnaire to solicit community feedback on how to strengthen the neighborhood and improve our quality of life. Please take a moment to review and submit the questionnaire, as it will help guide the Association’s efforts.
The just released May/June edition of the Arcadian newsletter reported this meeting would be held on June 6th. After the newsletter was printed, the meeting was postponed by the DOT to Wednesday, July 18. It will still be held at St. Francis of Assisi Church Hall at 6:30 pm.
The May/June 2018 edition of The Arcadian newsletter was recently distributed. In case you missed it, you can read it here. If you would like to submit items for publication in The Arcadian, June 30th is the deadline for submitting items for the July/August issue. Please send them to: Betty Mayes, 3209 Berkshire Rd., Baltimore, MD 21214, or e-mail bbmayes@verizon.net. Your suggestions and articles for newsletter content are always welcome; however, we cannot accept anonymous contributions.
Join us for Arcadia’s 36th Annual Neighborhood Yard Sale on Saturday, April 28 from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm. Many families are participating throughout the neighborhood.
The general meeting scheduled this Thursday, March 8 will be held at 7:00 pm, not 7:30 as originally scheduled.
If you feel like you need and want to do something about your backyard or garden in order to change the way it looks and make it a place you would really love to spend a lot of time in and invite your friends as well for a barbecue or just a coffee, or maybe you could even throw the best garden party in your neighborhood, then this is the collection tailored just for you.
Welcome to our collection of 15 Elegant Outdoor Deck Designs For Your Backyard where we will show you how and why can and will a deck improve the way your backyard or garden feels and looks. This collection features a variety of deck designs which are mostly built in different styles so that you can see more variations and designs which will make it easier for you to choose which style will fit your backyard or garden or even rooftop the most. Enjoy!
All materials, unless otherwise noted, were taken from the Internet and are assumed to be in the public domain. In the event that there is still a problem or error with copyrighted material, the break of the copyright is unintentional and noncommercial and the material will be removed immediately upon presented proof.
god decision quotes motivational that can change your life bright drops,profound and inspiring quotes kingdom ambassadors god decision,god decision quotes 4 prayers for a job interview success blessings, god decision quotes choices,god decision quotes comforting scripture verses for the broken heart a work of grace , 7 great bible verses for tough decisions god decision quotes,god decision quotes prayer for those involved in court matters legal battles,important bible verses about patience god decision quotes, god decision quotes me,god decision quotes how to be patient when makes you wait.
Groom gives the most adorable letter to his bride! Must watch this wedding video 🙂 Filmed, Edited, and Shot by Forestry Films (www.forestryfilms.com) :: Copyright Forestry films :: Song…
Most of us who aspire to be tops in our fields don't really consider the amount of work required to stay tops - Althea Gibson, Tennis Player
Complete north bonneville, wa accident reports and news area: portland, or what type of visitor are you what do you want to do the alternate route minnesota man with valid driver's license arrested for 28th dwi: woman bitten 3 times by copperhead snake at virginia restaurant: drunk bear breaks into car, joyrides, crashespoops: out xiu rong yong, 51, killed and several people injured in single- the state used to put a guard rail around every major pole motorcyclist killed. Dating world find match online and register now to find a serious relationship. Find free classified ads in salt lake ads for jobs, housing, dating and more local safe free.
Divorced woman from east midlands, united kingdom par ideal united kingdom is a online dating site where you can meet men and women, single, divorced, widowed, that are looking for relationship or friendship par ideal united kingdom gives you the opportunity of online dating or friendship with 12538 men and women from united kingdom and more than 4,244,427 people around the world enter now and find your perfect match. Man seeking woman in cape verde online dating and matchmaking site for people from all over the world sign up now and meet friends or find love and romance via online chat and webcam chat alone singles also offers dating advice. Meet ismaili singles worldwide 100% free to join.
Ethiopian jewish women have made dramatic changes in their move from ethiopia to israel in different periods in beta israel history, women were attributed great power, and sometimes reified, as in the case of queen judith. What a year our gallery featuring the best photos of 2017 kicks off with barack obama shedding a tear and ends with his successor inflaming the middle east by declaring that jerusalem is the. Female seeking male weldon, just hook up dating site hawaiian gardens, dating and hookup sites adrian, dating hot women north bonneville chat with ari, 24 today from los angeles, united states start talking to her totally free at badoo find the best big lake, tx domestic violence castroville's best 100% free muslim girls dating site meet thousands of single muslim women in castroville with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of muslim posen jewish girl. Meet local north bonneville single women right now at datehookupcom other north bonneville online dating sites charge for memberships, we are 100% free for everything no catch, no gimmicks, find a single girl here for free right now.
Find single men in north bonneville, wa the evergreen state of washington become a member and create a free personals ad whether you're searching for casual north bonneville dating or serious north bonneville relationships, matchcom has millions of smart, sexy and attractive singles meant just for you. Gorge trailhead passes not all sites in the columbia gorge require passes below are the three types of passes and where they are required view of vista house on crown point taken from women's forum (photographer: greg lief) washington discover pass in washington, north bonneville food market: turn south on cascade store is in the gas station stevenson. Christyne reavy is on facebook join facebook to connect with christyne reavy and others you may know facebook gives people the power to share and makes. Meet single hindu men in sandy are you interested in meeting a single hindu man to be your true love or do you just want someone to go out with this week in sandy.
One of the voted best completely free dating sites chat, messaging, no fees, no credit card needed join this free dating site. The bees had spread into eight counties in utah, as far north as grand and emery counties by may 2017 the white-lined sphinx moth is common to most of the united states, but utah was the single most republican-leaning state in the country in every presidential election from 1976 to 2004, rsl women currently play at utah valley university in orem. Meet single women in north bonneville wa online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in north bonneville.
Eagle creek wildfire burns as golfers play at the beacon rock golf course in north bonneville, washington reuters/kristi mccluer photos of the week eagle creek wildfire burns as golfers play at the beacon rock golf course in north bonneville, washington a local man carries an old rohingya refugee woman as she is unable to walk after crossing the border, in teknaf, bangladesh. Almog, who has written extensively on israeli culture, believes that the number of single people will grow, especially women, who will be inclined to do away with having a relationship altogether. Cri 1996 - national jewish community relations advisory council.
Hood river clubs the only 100% free online dating site for dating, love, relationships and friendship register here hood river oregon smash97031 30 single woman seeking men looking to build some type of relationship i just got outta of prison jan 2 north bonneville washington queenbeez_23 23 single woman seeking men the only 100% free dating service.
Skamania fire district 1, carson, washington 12k likes established in 1959 skamania county fire district # 1 has been providing fire protection skamania fire district # 1 north bonneville fire department columbia river gorge national scenic area - us forest service fire crews at approximately 2:00pm skamania fire district 1 responded to a single car roll over accident in the 1100 block of wind river road.
North bonneville's best 100% free jewish girls dating site meet thousands of single jewish women in north bonneville with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of jewish women in north bonneville is the perfect place to make friends or find an jewish girlfriend in north bonneville find hundreds of single washington jewish females already online finding love and friendship. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of single men in north bonneville, wa join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. As a single woman, olshein serves a unique role within a congregation where many women are widowed eichenholtz arrived at her current pulpit – beth israel congregation in fayetteville, north carolina – the following year for eichenholtz, the social fluidity of fayetteville is key “people lead single lives here, this rabbi said that she sought out rabbinic opportunities in major urban centers so she would be one single jewish adult among many. Grand isle jewish single women circle muslim we particularly encourage new muslims to come out, as well as family members of new muslims as this is a great way to meet other converts and to normalize the process of conversion for.
The Basic Information section contains information that identifies the action and some key descriptive variables, such as fiscal year, statute, and citation. This information is a summary of the more detailed record of the case that is presented in the rest of the report.
The federal fiscal year in which the enforcement action was initiated. A federal fiscal year begins on October 1 and ends September 30 of the following year.
The citation of the law(s) broken identified by their title and section in the U.S. Code. The citation is displayed as [TITLE] USC [section]. Users can search for the text of the laws by navigating to the Office of the Law Revision Counsel.
The title of the corresponding law in the U.S. Code associated with the enforcement action. There are 54 Titles in the U.S. Code. For example, a common title cited by U.S. EPA is Title 42 “The Public Health and Welfare”.
The section of the corresponding law in the U.S. Code associated with the enforcement action. The section number may also include a subsection.
This section provides identifying information about the defendants and courts involved in the criminal enforcement case.
The role of each defendant in the case, either Principal Defendant or Defendant. Multiple defendants (up to fourteen) may be associated with one case, but only one is designated as principal.
The United States district courts are the trial courts of the federal court system. There are 94 federal judicial districts, located in all states and territories of the United States. States may have more than one district, these districts are broken down by geographic location.
To locate the appropriate district court for a geographic location, please review the U.S. District Courts' listing.
A summary of the violation(s), environmental problem(s), and a description of the cause of action (basis of legal action). The summary may be extracted from the referral transmission memo or letter or as the first section of a revised standardized referral document.
A list of the violation(s), environmental problem(s), and a description of the cause of action organized by date of occurrence. The case details walk through each step of the case activities and displayed the date on which each occurred. Some case details may include press releases.
The name of the city, town, village or other locality, when identifiable, within whose boundaries (the majority of) the criminal activity was located. This is not always the same as the city used for USPS mail delivery. The city was derived in ECHO based on the latitude and longitude provided in the Summary of Criminal Prosecutions database.
The name of the county, when identifiable, within whose boundaries (the majority of) the criminal activity was located. The county was derived in ECHO based on the latitude and longitude provided in the Summary of Criminal Prosecutions database.
US postal ZIP code. The ZIP code was derived in ECHO based on the latitude and longitude provided in the Summary of Criminal Prosecutions database.
The EPA region where the criminal activity occurred. EPA has 10 regional offices that execute programs within several states and territories.
State environmental agencies often maintain additional information about compliance and enforcement (beyond what is reported to EPA systems). EPA provides and maintains lists of links to state environmental agency web sites and resources:
The spreadsheet links directly to available state environmental data sources, including Clean Air Act (CAA) and Clean Water Act (CWA) permits, that are often not directly linked from environmental agency home pages. The document focuses on enforcement data, but other environmental data are included in some cases.
The Alaska DEC website contains information on its activities, including permitting and regulations.
Arizona's Safe Drinking Water Information System allows individuals to access some of the data and information related to regulated public water systems in the state of Arizona. Please address all questions, comments, concerns and/or edits via email only, to sdwis@azdeq.gov.
This site offers a variety of compliance and enforcement tools and information, such as local enforcement agencies and legal references.
This site features detailed information on environmental protection activities, with links to environmental indicators, technical guidance, enforcement orders, and more.
The website for the LDEQ includes information on rules and regulations, enforcement activities, permits, and more.
This page explains Maine DEP's role in ECHO and how differences in state and federal terminology should be factored into any conclusions drawn from it.
The Massachusetts DEP is a state agency responsible for protecting human health and the environment by ensuring clean air and water, the safe management and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, the timely cleanup of hazardous waste sites and spills, and the preservation of wetlands and coastal resources. This website contains information on the department's programs and describes how to access DEP's files on specific regulated facilities and locations.
The DEQ's mission is to drive improvements in environmental quality for the protection of public health and natural resources to benefit current and future generations. This will be accomplished through effective administration of agency programs, providing for the use of innovative strategies, while helping to foster a strong and sustainable economy.
What's in My Neighborhood is an online tool for searching out information about sites and facilities all around Minnesota. Using a text- or map-based search, you can get useful details about locations in your community. For each site or facility, you can find enforcement actions and site details such as permits, projects, registrations and many other data repositories maintained by the MPCA under its role as the primary authority over delegated water, air and land programs. Starting in January 2014, the site also provides users access to selected documents from our electronic records management system.
This site contains reports on inspections, enforcement actions, violations, and incidents (complaints) for compliance and enforcement activity, as well as other department reports for air and water permitting.
This site contains compliance, emissions, and miscellaneous site activity information. The facility information can be found by taking the online links. By taking the links, the user can have a better understanding of the data and the local program.
This database houses inspection, enforcement, and permitting information for the facilities regulated in Pennsylvania.
The RIDEM Office of Compliance and Inspection (OC&I) is responsible for the regulatory enforcement activities related to Air, Waste, and Water Resources. The OC&I investigates complaints and suspected violations of environmental laws and regulations relating to: surface water, ground water, freshwater wetlands, individual sewage disposal systems, solid waste, hazardous waste, medical waste and air resources, including visible emissions, odors, fugitive dust, and exterior lead paint removal. This link leads to more detailed information on specific enforcement actions.
The TCEQ Annual Enforcement Report contains statistical indicators on the enforcement actions for each type of regulatory program in the agency.
The WVDEP main website contains links to a wide variety of data about environmental protection programs in WV. Spatial (GIS) data sets, application forms and instructions, existing facilities, pending applications, and compliance data are examples of environmental information available on this website.
If you would like to add a link to this webpage, or if you have corrections to the "State Enforcement and Compliance Information Links" document, please send a message to ECHO Support.
All of DSpaceCommunities & CollectionsAuthorsTitlesSubjectsUnesco SubjectsBy Issue DateThis CollectionAuthorsTitlesSubjectsUnesco SubjectsBy Issue Date
Boasting an extensive collection of more than 1,600 of the most popular slots and video machines - including a separate high-limit area - Delta Downs combines fast action and friendly vip poker leoben to provide the. The Houston Astros are an American vip poker leoben baseball team based in Vip poker leoben, Texas. The Astros compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) West division, having moved to the division in 2013 after spending their first 51 seasons in the National League (NL).
Planning to go for H1B Visa Stamping. We provide Logistics assistance for H1B US visa Stamping in Mexico with complete Visa fee payment help even if you are going to any location in Mexico. For more than 20 years, St. Francis has offered its Summer on the Point day camp program to keep young minds and bodies vip poker leoben and engaged during the long summer months in Houston, TX. I have collected some machines representative of the machines I played. Being from Galveston, I am primarily interested in gambling pinball machines, antique slot machines and consoles, how they work, pay out percentages, repairing and restoring them.
Used material handling vip poker leoben for sale. Available warehouse equipment call 619-255-1428 California. Best Karaoke Machines 2018 - Ultimate Buyer's Guide. A lot of people want to be rock stars, but very few people are actually cut out for the job. Marketers have locked in their plans for Super Bowl LI on Fox from Houston's NRG Stadium on Feb. Many recent regulars are back, but Doritos is out for the first time in 10 years.
Unexpected newcomers are social gambling illinois slots, and others are planning surprising executions. Sort Ad Age's annual Super Bowl. It depends on what tools you are looking for. You can get stuff like flopzilla, equilab, pokerstove. These are software that helps with hand strength and equity.
Highly motivated and believer in Collaborative and innovative work. I am inspired by Open Source world and the collaborative projects like Linux and GNU.
When it comes to OS I prefer Fedora for its cool graphics , GUI , powerful package manager and its blue theme ( ;) )
Truely speaking a I use Photoshop mostly for designing and editing , I know its not FOSS but it have something probably no app can beat (I will be happy if any FOSS can beat it from all perspective)
Copyright © 2018 Red Hat, Inc. and others. All Rights Reserved. For comments or queries, please contact us.
The Fedora Project is maintained and driven by the community and sponsored by Red Hat. This is a community maintained site. Red Hat is not responsible for content.
With the new order of the styles in le Layer Styles panel there is a blending bug with Stroke: when the opacity is not 100% on the stroke, it affects the opacity of the underlying styles on the stroke region.
Eg: put a Stroke style at 20%, a shadow below and you will see the shadow parts below the stroke to be removed...
Hope this helps. I compared the result of a Stroke effect with the one of a glow effect. The stroke is supposed to blend with the effects below it, isn't it?
Just got an email trying to sell me creative cloud; just know that I will *never* buy any software on a subscription model. That isn't a 'maybe', it is an emphatic *never*. Until you bring back pepetual lincences, you have lost a customer.
Help!!! I cant update to the latest Lightroom version. Apparently mine is at least 2 years old and dosent support the RAW files for my new camera. Ive uninstalled & reinstalled many times, used the CC cleaner tool to no avail. I always end up with the same old version? Adobe customer support have been next to useless with this. Ive been going around in circles with this for weeks. Any constructive advise greatly appreciated. Thanks
Wellcome to the 'Magic Roundabout' I've had the exact same problem for the past two years with Lightroom not updating! The update option are always greyed out and inoperative, it seems to me like I've aged 10 years trying to sort out his issue to no avail. To be fair the support team have always managed to update my version of Lightroom at that particular moment in time, the issue then returns with the next update. Adobe appear not to care or advise/remedy this issue and reading between the lines there plenty of folk with the same issue. I know there is another update in force but I'm loathed to get involve with yet another lengthy and life shortening phone call yet again! Maybe I'll just skip a few updates and enjoy a few months of sanity!!
Its ridiculous...My Canon 80d is sitting gathering dust while my clients are getting an inferior product from older hardware.
It seems we all are expected to be IT engineers or computer programmers to utilize the latest photography software. Software that they have no problem taking our money for.
LR not infrequently refuses to update itself automatically. Try manually downloading the update to 2016.12 (the latest version):
After the download completes, double-click the file (Mac: setup.dmg, Windows: setup.zip) and double-click the installer to run it. This will update your currently installed version to LR CC 2015.12.
Hi John...Thanks mate. I ran this patch on my pc. The familiar " unable to install, Please close all instances of Adobe application manager before applying updates" appeared.
My only suggestion is to search for others encountering that error message and trying their solutions:
I've tried all the tips suggested by John over the past couple of years and none have worked! It's so frustrating and there appears to no help available other that the 'Help Support Phone line' which as worked for me in the past but it doesn't actually address the unreliable nature of the 'update section of Lightroom CC' However, there is one Adobe product than never fails! and that is the subscription section.. which reliably informs you when your subscription renewal is due/when you credit card is due to expire and takes your money without fail every month without breaking into a sweat!! Which proves without a doubt that Adobe can make stuff work when they put time and effort into it?
Really appreciate the help and input so far guys.... At least it feels like people are thinking about it as opposed to not giving a sh!t passed the point of signing you up and getting your credit card details.
I dont even care if it's not the latest version. I just need to start being able to use my new camera.
This would indicate there are some user specific files causing the problem and the CC Cleaner tool doesn't remove them.
Thanks, Chris. I had actually already run the Intel Driver Update Utility several times asw ell as the driver update function in windows device manager. Each time it said I had the most recent driver. After your response, I decided to check the Intel support site directly. Low and behold, there was a more recent driver. I've installed it and oil paint preview is now working. Thanks for the quick response!
Oil paint is not working on the new computer? Try this troubleshooting: https://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop/kb/oil-paint-greyed-out.html
Industrial Training and Career Guidance Unit Engineering Education Unit (EEU) English Language Teaching Unit (ELTU)
This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience and provide you the best service possible. Continuing browsing the site you consent to their use in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Perfect for business and leisure travelers alike, the Comfort Inn of Huntingdon, Pennsylvania features free high speed internet service, indoor pool, exercise room, business center, the Comfort Sunshine Breakfast buffet...
The three Graffam Academy seniors, Jim Spurling, Roger Lane, and Winthrop Stevens, who were sitting on the low, wooden fence before the campus, earnestly discussing the one thing that had engrossed their minds for the past two weeks, stopped talking and leaned forward.
On the broad, elm-lined street beyond the Mall suddenly appeared a cloud of dust, out of which shot a gray automobile. Its high speed soon brought it to the academy grounds, and it came to an abrupt stop before the fence.
"Pile in, fellows!" shouted the driver, a bareheaded youth in white flannels, "and I'll take you on a little spin."
He was a slim, sallow lad of seventeen, with a straw-colored pompadour crowning his freckled forehead. The sleeves of his outing shirt were rolled up above his elbows, revealing his bony, sunburnt arms. He wore a gay red tie, and a tennis blazer, striped black and white, lay on the seat beside him.
Spurling and Stevens nodded as Whittington's light-blue eyes traveled inquiringly from one to the other.
"Ah, come on!" he invited. "Be sports! Let's celebrate the end of the course. Just to show how good I feel, I'm going to scorch a three-mile hole through the atmosphere between here and Mount Barlow faster than it was ever done before. Tumble aboard and help hold this barouche down on the pike while I burn the top off it for the last time."
Pulling out a book of tissue wrappers and a sack of tobacco, he began to roll a cigarette with twitching, yellowed fingers.
He fumbled in his pocket and brought out a lucifer. Soon he was inhaling the smoke and talking rapidly.
"I'm so glad this is my last week here I feel like kicking my head off. Once I shake the dust of this dump off my tires, you can bet you'll never catch me here again. Say, do you know what this Main Street reminds me of? An avenue in Metairie Cemetery in New Orleans, with a row of white tombs on each side. I saw it last Christmas. They bury 'em aboveground there, too. The Rubes in this burg are just as dead, only they don't know it."
"Well, so long! My dad's coming on the five-ten to see his only son graduate cum laude. And me loaded down with conditions a truck-horse couldn't haul! Wouldn't that jar you? Guess I'll have to do my road-burning before he gets here. Hold a watch on me, will you? I'm out for the record."
"Pinch your grandmother!" he jeered. "I've been pinched too many times to mind a little thing like that."
"Must seem rather pleasant to have a bank-account you can't touch the bottom of, mustn't it? They say his father's all sorts of a millionaire. Hope he doesn't get smashed up or run over somebody."
"He's a good-natured fool," commented Lane. "But you can't help liking him, after all. Now let's get back to business."
It was Commencement week in mid-June at the old country academy nestled among the New England hills. The lawns before the substantial white houses were emerald with the fresh, unrivaled green of spring. Fragrant lilacs sweetened the soft air. The walks under the thick-leafed elms were thronged with talking, laughing groups. Bright-colored dresses dotted the campus before the dingy brick buildings. Tennis-courts and ball-field were alive with active figures. A few days more and students and strangers would be gone, and the old town would sink into the drowsy quiet of the long summer vacation.
Lounging on the notched, whittled fence, Lane, Spurling, and Stevens fell once more into earnest conversation.
Spurling came from a Maine coast town. He was nineteen, tall, broad-shouldered, dark-complexioned, deliberate in speech and movements. Physically very strong, he had caught on the academy ball team and played guard in football. Mentally he was a trifle slow; but in the whole school there was no squarer, more solid fellow. So far as finances went, he was dependent on his own resources; whatever education he got he must earn himself.
Lane afforded in many respects a decided contrast to Spurling. Reared on a New Hampshire farm in the shadow of the White Mountains, he was of medium build, wiry and active, a practical joker, full of life and spirit. He had red hair and the quick temper that goes with it. Though not much of a student, he had at eighteen a keen, clear business head. Like Spurling, he had been obliged to make his own way; and, like Spurling, he was abundantly able to make it.
Winthrop Stevens, or "Throppy," as his friends nicknamed him, claimed a small Massachusetts city as his home. He was the best scholar of the three, dark, quiet, studious, with a decided trend toward mechanics and electricity. Though not obliged to work for his schooling, he had always chummed with the other two, and with them had been a waiter at a shore hotel the previous season.
"Not for me," answered Spurling, decidedly. "I'm sick of hanging round a table, pretending to do as many unnecessary things as you can, wondering whether the man you've waited on is going to give up a half-dollar or a nickel, knowing that the more uncomfortable you can make him feel the bigger fee you'll pull down. No more tipping for me! I'd rather earn my money, even if I don't get so much."
"There's the five-ten!" ejaculated Lane. "I pity Whittington when his dad finds how things have gone."
"I'm sorry for 'em both," was Lane's comment. "But the Whittington family'll have to handle its own troubles. Now, fellow-members, to the question before the house! Unless I raise at least two hundred dollars in the next three months, it's no college for me in September."
A short silence followed. Spurling took out his knife and deliberately slithered a long, splintery shaving off the fence-top.
"I've an idea," he said, slowly. "Give me till evening and I'll tell you about it. What d'you say to a last game of tennis?"
"Here comes Whittington, scorching like a blue streak! And there's Bill Sanders's old auto crawling up May Street hill from the railroad station! If Percy should hit him—good-night!"
May Street crossed Main at right angles, and a high cedar hedge before the corner house made it impossible for the two drivers to see each other until they were close together. On sped the gray car.
"He's going to turn down May Street!" shouted Lane. "Bound to the station after his father. He'll hit Sanders, sure as fate! Hi! Hi there, Percy!"
Heedless of the warning, Whittington whirled round into May Street and plunged full tilt into the hotel bus, striking it a glancing blow back of its front wheel. There was a tremendous crash.
They ran at top speed toward the wreck. Through the clearing dust three figures were visible, extricating themselves from the ruins. Sanders, the hotel chauffeur, was groaning and rubbing his ankle. His only passenger, a bald, thick-set man, with smooth face and bulldog jaw, had a bleeding scratch down his right cheek and a badly torn coat. Whittington, apparently unharmed, was chalky and stuttering from fright.
Spurling, for all his slowness, was the first to reach the wreck. He helped the stout stranger to his feet, and the man turned angrily toward Whittington. An exclamation of surprise burst from both.
"I'm glad it's no worse. Have this mess cleared away and I'll fix up with you later at the hotel; and get my suit-case over to my room, will you?"
He limped grimly ahead; Percy followed. As he passed the three seniors he pulled a face of mock repentance. The boys resumed their way to the tennis-court.
"Pretty poor stick, isn't he?" commented Lane, disgustedly. "Almost kills his father, and then laughs at it. Throws away in a few seconds more than enough to put the three of us half-way through our freshman year in college. No, I've no use for Whittington."
"If he'd had to earn his own money," remarked Spurling, "he'd look on things differently. He's got a good streak in him."
"Maybe so; but it'll take mighty hard work to bring it out. Well, here's the court. How'll we play?"
In Whittington's room father and son silently removed the traces of the disaster. Then the father pointed to a chair.
"Well!" he snapped. "Seems to me excuses are in order. You've smashed a thousand-dollar machine, ruined a five-hundred-dollar one, and just missed killing yourself and me in the bargain. Pretty afternoon's work, isn't it?"
"You must know I'm mighty sorry to have dragged you into this scrape. I was half frightened to death when I thought you were hurt. But what odds does it make about the cars?"
"Stop that!" exclaimed his father, angrily, "and listen to me. It isn't the money I mind so much as it is the fool style in which you've thrown it away. Where's the thing going to end? That's what I want to know. If you'd only get mad when I talk to you, there'd be some hope for you. But you haven't backbone enough left to get mad. You've smoked it all away."
"You ask who'll spend the money. I know mighty well who won't, unless he strikes a new gait. There's plenty of colleges and hospitals to endow, and enough other ways of putting all I've got where it'll do some good. I've worked too hard and too long for my fortune to have a fool scatter it to the winds. You can come down to the hotel with me for supper. After that I'll foot the bills for your little excursion, and then go over alone to see Principal Blodgett. And let me say right now that it'll be a pretty important interview for you."
Lane, Spurling, and Stevens, their tennis over, were starting for their boarding-house. Crossing the campus, they met Percy and his father. The former nodded soberly. Whittington, senior, a cross of court-plaster on his right cheek, passed them without a glance.
"Just a passing cloud," grinned Lane. "It takes more than a little thing like junking a thousand-dollar auto to bother Percy. He'll forget all about it before to-morrow."
"See that dreadnought jaw on his father? If I was Percy I'd be kind of scary of that jaw. John P. Whittington isn't a man to stand much monkeying, or I miss my guess."
"Well, we've got troubles of our own, and no dad with a fat bank-account to foot the bills. Why so still, Jim? Something on your mind, eh?"
Back in his room, after supper, he unbosomed himself: "A week ago I had a letter from Uncle Tom Sprowl. He lives in Stonington, on Deer Isle, east of Penobscot Bay; but most of the time he fishes and lobsters from Tarpaulin Island, ten miles south of Isle au Haut. Last month, just after he had started the season in good shape, he was taken down with rheumatism, and the doctor has ordered him to keep off the water for three months. Now that island is one of the best stands for fish and lobsters on the Maine coast. Somebody's going to use it this summer. Why shouldn't we? If we have reasonably good luck, we can clear up two hundred and fifty dollars apiece for the season's work. I've talked the thing over with Mr. Blodgett, and he thinks it's all right. Of course we'd be in for a lot of good hard work; but it's healthy, and we're all in first-class trim. We'd soon get hardened to it. Now, boys, it's up to you."
"Right out in the Atlantic Ocean, a good twenty-five miles from the mainland. It's about a half-mile long and a quarter broad, partly covered with scrub evergreen, and has fifty acres of pasture. Uncle Tom's got some sheep there, too. He's afraid they'll be stolen; so he wants somebody there the earliest minute possible. He'll furnish all the gear and go halves with us on the season's catch. What do you say, Budge?"
Removing his Panama, he took the chair Spurling offered him. An unlighted cigar was gripped between his short, stubby fingers. There were dark circles under his steel-gray eyes, and his jaw had, if possible, more of a bulldog set than ever. His square, sturdy build, without fat or softness, suggested a freight locomotive with a driving power to go through anything. He was not a handsome man, but he was undeniably a strong one.
"I guess you know I'm Whittington's father. I've just been over to Principal Blodgett's, having a talk about Percy. I don't need to tell you how he's spent his year here, so I'll come right to the point."
"The principal says you plan to spend the summer fishing from an island on the Maine coast. I want Percy to go with you."
The three exchanged glances of amazement. Lane swallowed a grin. Nobody spoke for a half-minute; then Spurling broke the silence.
"I don't want to hurt your feelings, Mr. Whittington, but, honestly, the thing isn't possible. That island is ten miles from the nearest other land. We're not out for a pleasure junket, but for three months of the hardest kind of hard work. There'll be no automobiling, no pool or cards or moving pictures. It means being up at midnight, and not getting to bed until the fish have been taken care of. It means sore fingers and lame backs and aching joints. It means standing wind and cold and fog and rain until you're tired and wet and chilled to the bone. It's a dead-earnest business out there, one hundred days of it, and every day has got to count. A college year for the three of us hangs on this summer, and we can't risk having it spoiled. You'll have to think up some other place for Percy."
Mr. Whittington's chin set a trifle more firmly. He pulled out his cigar-case and proffered it to each of the boys in turn.
"Have a perfecto? No? Guess it's as well for you not to, after all. Wish Percy was taken that way. Excuse me if I light up. I can talk better."
"I want to have a little talk with you about my boy. Come, now, just between ourselves, what kind of a fellow is he? You probably know him better than I do. I've had my business; and he's been under tutors and away at school so long that I haven't seen much of him since his mother died, eight years ago."
The boys glanced at one another and hesitated. Young Whittington was a hard topic to discuss before his father. The millionaire misunderstood their silence. His face grew gloomy.
"Don't misunderstand us, Mr. Whittington," said Spurling, quietly. "Percy isn't a bad fellow. He isn't dishonest. He doesn't cheat or crib. He's flunked honestly, and that counts for something. He's a good sprinter, and plays a rattling game of tennis, and he'd be a very fair baseball-player if he'd only let cigarettes alone. But he's soft and he's lazy. He's had too much money and taken things too easy. He's probably never earned a single cent or done a stroke of real work in his life. He's been in the habit of letting his pocketbook take the place of his brain and muscles; and he's got the idea that a check, if it's only large enough, can buy anything on earth. That's why he wouldn't be any good to himself or anybody else out on Tarpaulin Island. He'd simply be underfoot. It'd be cruel to take him there. Excuse me if I hurt your feelings. You've asked a straight question, and I've tried to give you a straight answer."
The man chewed the butt of his cigar for a few seconds. Then he removed it from his mouth and blew a smoke-ring.
"I don't believe," he said, reflectively, "that either of you three had any tougher time than I had when I was a boy. No school after fourteen. No college. Just work, work, work, and then some more work. But it hardened me up, made a man of me; perhaps it hardened me too much. Guess some of the men I've done business with have thought so. After I made my first million—"
"But let's get back to Percy. I've done everything in the world for that boy, and now I'm at the end of my rope. Tutors, private schools, summer camps, trainers, travel, automobiles—and what have they all amounted to?"
"It's no use to offer him any prize; he's had everything already. I found he was hitting too rapid a pace in the bigger schools, so I sent him down here. Thought he might do better in a quiet place. But his reports didn't show it, and the talk I've just had with the principal has pretty near discouraged me. I've bucked up against a good many tough propositions, but I'm free to say that he's the toughest. I don't see where he ever got that cigarette habit. I never smoked one in my life."
"He ought to have the stuff in him somewhere; and I believe a summer with you fellows'd bring it out. If it didn't, I don't know what would. Come, boys! Strain a point to oblige me! I'll pay you anything in reason. How large a check shall I write?"
"No, Mr. Whittington," said he, decidedly, "we can't do business that way. We're not running any reform school and we're not asking anybody to give us a cent. We're going out there to earn money for our first year in college, and we're going to take it out of the sea, every last copper! I don't say it to boast, but since I was ten I've had to shift for myself. I know where every cent in my pocket and every ounce of muscle on my body has come from. If Percy should go with us he'd have to take his medicine with the rest of us and pay his own way by working. Give us a little time alone to talk the matter over, and we'll soon tell you whether he can go or not."
Almost to the second he was at the door again. Stepping inside, he awaited their verdict, not trying to conceal his anxiety. A great relief overspread his face at Spurling's first words.
"All right, Mr. Whittington! Percy can come—on trial. He can stop with us a month. Then if we don't hitch together he'll have to leave. But if he likes it, and we like him, he can stay the rest of the summer. If the bunch earns anything over and above what it would have gotten if he hadn't been with us, he'll get it. If it doesn't, he won't."
Five minutes later the millionaire entered Percy's room. The latter was smoking a cigarette and playing solitaire. He glanced up expectantly, a couple of cards in his hand. As he sat down opposite his son, John Whittington had never looked grimmer. The vein swelled blue on his flushed temples, and the lines on his face were deeply drawn.
"Now, Percy, you and I are going to talk business. Put down those cards and chuck that coffin-nail into the stove. Why can't you use a man's smoke if you're going to smoke at all? I've been talking with Mr. Blodgett, and I find it's the same old story. You've wound up your preparatory course with a worse smash than you had this afternoon. You haven't made good. I'm beginning to doubt if you can make good. You've done worse every year. You're nothing now, and if you keep on like this you'll soon be worse than nothing. You can put down one thing good and solid—I won't stand for your going the pace like Chauncey Pike or George Brimmer's son. I'd give half my money—yes, the whole of it, if you had the stuff in you that young Spurling has. I mean it."
"I'm going to give you one chance more, and only one. It's quicksilver, kill or cure, and a stiff dose at that. I've just been talking with Spurling and his two friends. They're to spend the summer fishing from an island off the Maine coast, to earn money to start their college course. And you're going with them!"
"What! Me! I rather guess not! Nailed to the mast three months out on a rock like that? Not for a minute! Besides, I'm booked for Bar Harbor day after to-morrow. Got my ticket already."
"You don't suppose I'd have a monthly check deposited to your account without arranging to know something about it, do you? Mighty poor business man if I did! Now, Percy, use what little brain you have! You've no money, and you can't earn any. Nobody would be fool enough to hire you. There's nothing on earth you can do. I'm going to give you one last chance to make a man of yourself. You've three months to make good in and I expect you to do it. You've got to make up those conditions and earn your salt to show there's some excuse for your being alive. Your whole life hangs on the way you spend the next hundred days. I start for the West Coast to-morrow, and won't be back till fall. I want you to write me—if you feel like it. Will you go?"
The strains of a violin came floating in through the open window. The academy bell struck ten long, lingering strokes.
Two mornings later Percy Whittington was awakened in his room at the Thorndike in Rockland by a bell-boy hammering on his door.
He rolled over for another nap. Half an hour later he was roused by a lively tattoo beaten on the panels by two sets of vigorous knuckles.
"Inside there, Whittington!" exhorted Lane's voice. "Wake up! This isn't any rest-cure. The Stonington boat starts in twenty minutes. You've lost your breakfast, and unless you hustle you'll make us miss the steamer. Better let us in to help you pack!"
Percy bounded out of bed and admitted Lane and Spurling. While he dressed hastily they jammed his scattered belongings into two suit-cases. Stevens joined them in the hotel office and they made a lively spurt for Tillson's Wharf, reaching the Governor Bodwell just before her plank was pulled aboard.
The party had arrived in Rockland on the late train the night before, and were to start for Stonington early that morning. Percy's drowsiness had almost thwarted their plans.
"You'll have to revise your sleeping schedule, Whittington, when we get to Tarpaulin," said Spurling.
It was a calm, beautiful June morning. A gentle breeze barely rippled the smooth, blue water as the Governor Bodwell headed eastward out of the harbor. Behind lay the city, fringed with lazily smoking lime-kilns, each contributing its quota to the dim haze that obscured the shore-line. Leaving on their left the little light on the tip of the long granite breakwater, and presently on their right the white tower on the hummock of Owl's Head, marking the entrance of rocky Muscle Ridge Channel, they were soon plowing across the blue floor of West Penobscot Bay. Due north, Rockport Harbor opened between wooded shores, while beyond it rose the Camden Hills, monarchs of the rolling line of mountains stretching up toward Belfast.
A five-mile sail, and they were threading their way through narrow, winding Fox Island Thoroughfare, to the wharf at North Haven. Thence across East Penobscot Bay, by Deer Island Thoroughfare, to the granite wharf at Stonington, the rockiest town in the United States. Here they disembarked, and a short walk up a side-street brought them to the house of Spurling's uncle, Mr. Thomas Sprowl.
Uncle Tom was at home, confined by his rheumatism and the doctor's orders. He greeted the boys gladly.
"Got your letter last night, Jim," said he, "and I can tell you it took a weight off my mind. Since I've been sick I've nigh fretted myself to death about Tarpaulin."
"Those twinges take me unexpected," he explained. "You see," returning to his subject, "all my gear's on the island, besides those fifty sheep. Quite a risk for a man with so little as I've got. You don't know how pleased I am that you fellows are going to be on deck there this summer. You're a good, husky lot—at least most of ye." He scanned Percy a trifle dubiously. "You'll have a fine time the next three months, and you'll make some money. Wish I could go down with ye!"
"Good enough! You can be there to-night, slick as a whistle. Remember the Barracouta, that old power-sloop we've taken so many trips in? I've had her overhauled this spring and a new seven-and-a-half-horse engine put in her; her jibs and mainsail are in first-class shape. You'll find her at my mooring near the steamboat wharf. My Bucksport dory has just been pulled up on the ledges and painted. You'll need another boat besides, so I've arranged with Sammy Stinson to let you have his pea-pod. She'll do to lobster in. Now as to gear. You'll find over a hundred lobster-traps piled up on the sea-wall near my cabin, and there's six tubs of trawl in the fish-shed. Keep an account of whatever stuff you have to buy for repairs, and we can settle at the end of the season."
"The fish you can split and salt and take over to Matinicus once a week. Your lobsters will sell easy to some smackman. Captain Ben Higgins comes east from Portland every week in the Calista; he's been in the habit of making Tarpaulin his next port of call after York Island. You'll find him square as a brick. Better buy your supplies at Matinicus; it's a strong twelve miles off, but that isn't a bad run in decent weather."
"Well, Uncle Tom," said Jim, "the next time we see each other, I hope you'll be feeling fit as a fiddle."
"You can't wish that any harder than I do, my boy. Oh, by the way, I nearly forgot one thing. Here, Nemo!"
A fox-terrier, lying on a rug, sprang up alertly. He was white, except for two brown ears and a diamond of the same color on the top of his head.
"Better take this dog along. The mate of a St. John coaster gave him to me last fall. I call him Captain Nemo. He's death on rats; and there's some on the island this year. Must have come ashore from a schooner wrecked there in the winter. Another thing! Got any gun?"
"Then there's my ten-gauge." He indicated a double-barreled shot-gun standing in the corner. "You'll find a couple of boxes of loaded shells in that table drawer. You may want to kill some ducks in the fall. Only don't shoot Oso!"
"Yes. My tame crow. I had a Spanish fellow with me a few weeks last summer, and he found the bird in a nest. Clipped one wing, so he couldn't get away from the island. Named him 'Oso'; said it meant 'The Bear.' He'll pester ye to death round the fish-house, after he gets acquainted."
"I almost forgot to tell you to go to Parker's for your outfit. He'll use you right. Who's that pale-faced fellow with the tow head?"
Down in Parker's general store on the main street the boys purchased their supplies. They laid in a generous stock of provisions of all sorts, and under Jim's expert direction reinforced the weak spots in their wardrobes to adapt them to the demands of the next three months. Oil-clothes, heavy under-clothing, hip boots of red rubber, white, doughnut-shaped woolen "nippers" for pulling trawls, and various other articles for convenience and comfort were added to their outfits.
Percy regarded it all in the light of a huge lark. Dressing himself in oilskins and rubber boots, he paraded up and down the store, much to the proprietor's disgust.
"Pretty fresh, isn't he?" remarked Parker to Jim. "After he's been out in two or three storms he'll find those clothes aren't so much of a joke."
The party's purchases were sent down to the steamboat wharf, to be added to the baggage already there. The boys followed, Percy swaggering superciliously along after the others, with his eternal cigarette.
Captain Nemo, towing behind Spurling on his leash, got in Percy's way, and the boy stepped on his foot. Nemo yelped, then growled and bristled.
"Easy, Whittington!" warned Spurling. "A dog doesn't forget. You don't want to make an enemy of him at the start."
A wiry, dark-complexioned lad of perhaps fifteen stood near the steamboat slip. He wore a faded suit of blue serge, a gray-flannel shirt with red necker-chief, and a soft black hat. His olive face and black eyes bespoke the Italian. Spurling and the others glanced at him casually; their interest was centered on assembling and loading their flotilla.
"There's the Barracouta!" said Jim, pointing to a sloop moored a hundred yards away. "And there's Stinson's pea-pod tied to her stern. That yellow dory up on the ledge must be Uncle Tom's. He said we'd find her oars and fittings at Haskell's boatshop."
Soon pea-pod and dory were being loaded beside the wharf. The young Italian had come to the string-piece, and was watching the embarkation. Jim saw that tears were trickling down his cheeks.
The lad had stepped across the wharf and was gazing sadly down into the water. Jim touched his shoulder.
Little by little the boy's story came out. He was a Sicilian from a little village (un villaggio) not far from Messina. His name was Filippo Canamelli. His father was a mason (un muratore). Filippo and his older brother Frank had decided to seek their fortunes in America. Frank had gone over the year before, promising to send money back to pay for Filippo's passage. He had done so that winter, in Febbrajo. Filippo had sailed from Naples the next month, and had landed in New York in April. There he chanced upon a friend with whom his brother had left word for him to come to a certain address in Boston. But in that city he had lost all track of Frank. Searching aimlessly for him, he had drifted down to Stonington and had gone to work in the granite quarries. But he found the labor too hard and he was desperately homesick. He had given up his job the day before. What he should do and where he should go next he did not know. He talked rapidly between his sobs, while Jim listened.
When he had finished, Spurling stepped across the wharf to his waiting friends. Very briefly he rehearsed the Italian's story.
"Boys," he concluded, "what do you say to asking him to come down with us to Tarpaulin? I believe he's a clean, straight little fellow, and he can more than make up for his board by cooking and doing odd jobs. We can afford to pay him something to boot."
"Take that little Dago with us? I say no. You can't trust his kind. I know 'em. They're a thieving, treacherous lot, smooth to your face, but ready to stab you the minute your back's turned. I'll bet you a five-dollar bill he's got a knife hid somewhere about him. He might take a notion some night to cut all our throats."
"Whittington," said Spurling, bluntly, "under the circumstances it might be better taste for you not to speak until you've heard from the rest of us. My throat's worth just as much to me as yours is to you, and I don't feel I'd be running any great risk by inviting that boy to come along with us."
He walked over to the Italian and said a few words to him. The lad's face lighted up with gratitude. Impulsively he bent and kissed Spurling's hand. Jim flushed with embarrassment as he and the stranger came back to the others.
"He'll be glad to go with us, fellows. Now let's get a move on and hustle this stuff aboard. We want to be settled at Tarpaulin before dark."
Soon all their goods were on the sloop. The dory was made fast to her stern and the pea-pod's painter tied to the dory. The expedition was ready to start. On board the Barracouta Lane and Stevens, standing side by side, faced Jim and brought their palms to their foreheads.
Jim returned the compliment with a sweep of his hand. He threw on the switch and rocked the wheel; the engine started—click-click-click.... Gathering headway, the Barracouta nosed south, dory and pea-pod trailing behind her. Before them lay an archipelago of granite islands.
"This is an old stamping-ground of mine," said Jim. "I've fished and lobstered round here so much that I know every rock and shoal for miles. That's Crotch Island on our west, with the derricks and quarries; they've taken no end of granite off it."
"Breezing up from the southwest. That'd be dead ahead if we went west of Isle au Haut as I'd planned. Guess we'll go east of it; then we can use our canvas to help us along. Steer for me, Budge, while I get sail on her!"
Soon outer jib, jumbo and mainsail were set and trimmed close, and Spurling again took the helm. The Barracouta ran southeast through Merchant's Row, a procession of rugged islets slipping by on either side; then south past Fog and York islands, with the long, high ridge of Isle au Haut walling the western horizon; down between Great Spoon and Little Spoon, past White Horse and Black Horse, toward the heaving blue of the open ocean.
"Whistling buoy south of Roaring Bull Ledge. One of our nearest neighbors. We'll hear that voice pretty often, when the wind's from the north."
They passed two miles east of the whistler, and gradually its warning blast grew fainter and fainter. On the horizon straight ahead a little black mound was slowly rising above the breaking waves. Jim swung his hand toward it.
"There's Tarpaulin! Our home for the next three months! Looks kind of small and lonesome when you're running offshore for it; but it's pretty good to make after an all-day fishing-trip. What's the matter, Whittington?"
Spurling eyed him critically, then scanned the faces of the others. The Barracouta was rising and falling on the long swells in a manner decidedly disconcerting to weak stomachs. Stevens and the young Italian did not look much happier than Percy. Jim could not help smiling a little.
"Good seasick weather!" he observed, judicially. "Excuse me for laughing, boys! It's a mean thing to do, but I can't help it. I've been there myself—years ago. You'll be worse before you're better."
They were, considerably, all three, Percy in particular. For the next hour conversation dragged; but all the while Tarpaulin loomed larger and larger. To Jim it wore the aspect of an old friend, and he dilated on its features for the benefit of the others.
"You see that western end is fifty acres of pasture, sloping north; those gray dots are sheep grazing. The eastern half is just scrub evergreen. That little cove on the northeast corner's the Sly Hole; you mightn't think it, but a good-sized schooner can ride there at low tide. Pretty rocky all round. Always a surf breaking on one side or the other. Our landing-place is on the south."
Before long the Barracouta and her tow were skirting the eastern ledges. Under the island it was comparatively calm, and the seasick three felt better. Then, as they rounded a wooded promontory and turned west, it grew rough again, but only for a few minutes. Spurling steered the sloop into calm water behind the protecting elbow of another point, off which lay the half-submerged hulk of a wrecked vessel.
Curiosity dispelled the last vestiges of Percy's seasickness. For a little while he gazed without speaking.
A cove four hundred feet wide opened toward the south between two rocky points. At its head a pebbly beach sloped up to a sea-wall, behind which a growth of cattails bespoke a stagnant lagoon. Still farther back a steep bank of dirt rose to the overhanging sod of the pasture.
From the western point a spur extended into the cove, forming a little haven amply large enough for a modest fleet of fishing-boats. Near by on the sea-wall stood two structures, one low, oblong, flat-roofed, with a rusty iron stovepipe projecting from its farther end; the other a small, paintless shed with a large door. Percy gave them only a casual glance.
"There! It's the cabin of an old vessel that came ashore here in a southerly gale years ago. Uncle Tom jacked it up a foot, put in a good floor, and made it into a first-rate camp. It's got bunks for half a dozen, and at a pinch could hold more. The roof's a bit leaky, but we'll soon fix that. There's a good stove, and always plenty of driftwood on the beach. It's a mighty snug place on a stormy day."
The mooring-buoy was now alongside. Making the Barracouta fast, the boys went ashore in the dory and pea-pod. Percy became conscious that he was thirsty.
Opening a trap-door in a rude wooden cover, Percy looked down into a shallow well. The only cup at hand was an empty tin can. Rather disdainfully he dipped it full and tasted, then spat with a wry face.
"Sorry!" he replied, indifferently. "That's what all the rest of us'll have to drink. It isn't Poland water, but I've tasted worse."
Percy slammed down the cover and tossed away the can in a huff. Lane was passing boxes and bundles ashore from the dory to Stevens and Filippo.
Jim unfastened the rusty padlock on the cabin door and stepped inside. Percy followed him, eager to get a glimpse of his new home.
The camp had not been opened for some weeks; it smelled close and stuffy. As Percy crossed its threshold his nostrils were greeted by a mingled odor of salt, tarred rope, and decaying wood, flavored with a faint suggestion of fish. Mastering his repugnance, he looked about.
He saw a single, low room, nine by fifteen, dimly lighted by three small windows, one in the farther end directly opposite the door, the remaining two facing each other in the middle of the long sides. Along the right wall on each side of the central window was built a tier of two bunks. On Percy's left, over a wooden sink in the corner near the door, was a rough cupboard. Next came a small, rusty stove with an oven for baking; then, under the window, an unpainted table; and on the wall beyond, a series of hooks from which were suspended various articles of clothing and coils of rope. Empty soap-boxes supplied the place of chairs.
"That's just what it is, Whittington! You've hit the nail on the head this time. You'll have to spread your blanket on the soft side of a pine board. If you want something real luxurious you can go into the woods and cut an armful of spruce boughs to strew under you."
Percy disregarded this badinage. From his view-point the situation was too serious for jesting. It was outrageous that he, the son of John P. Whittington, should be expected to shift for himself like an ordinary fisherman.
"I'm not used to living in a pigpen!" he snapped. "This cabin's too dark to be healthy; besides, it isn't clean."
"Stop right there, Whittington! This is my uncle Tom's cabin. Any place that's been shut up for weeks seems stuffy when it's first opened. You'll find that there are things a good deal worse than salt and tar and fish and a few cobwebs. I want to tell you a story I read some time ago. Once in the winter a party of Highlanders were out on a foray. Night overtook them beside a river in the mountains, and they prepared to camp in the open. Each drenched his plaid in the stream, rolled it round his body, and lay down to rest in the snow, knowing that the outside layers of cloth would soon freeze hard and form a sleeping-bag. In the party were an old chieftain and his grandson of eighteen. The boy wet his plaid like the others, but before he lay down he rolled up a snowball for a pillow. The old chief kicked it out from under the lad's head. He didn't propose to have his grandson be so effeminate as to indulge himself in the luxury of a pillow when everybody else was lying flat on the ground."
"In this way. You've lived too soft. You need something to wake you up to the real hardships that men have to go through. Then you won't be so fussy over little things. Perhaps I've talked plainer to you than I should; but I believe in going after a fellow with a club before his face rather than a knife behind his back. Now let's open those windows so the fresh air can blow through, build a fire in the stove to dry out the damp, and get everything shipshape. After supper we'll go up on top of the island and take a look about."
It was nearly seven when the sloop was finally unloaded and everything stowed under cover. Filippo had collected plenty of driftwood, and a fire crackling merrily in the rusty stove soon made the cabin dry and warm.
Jim, in his shirt-sleeves, superintended the preparation of supper. The wall cupboard yielded a supply of ordinary dishes, cups, and saucers. There were old-fashioned iron knives and forks, iron spoons of different sizes, and thick, yellow, earthenware mugs. Despite Percy's slur, everything was clean.
"Make us a pan of biscuit, Budge; and I'll fry some potatoes and broil the steak," volunteered Jim. "After to-night we'll have to break in somebody else to do the cooking. You and I'll be too busy outside."
Percy heard and registered a silent vow that the cook should not be himself. Pricked by Spurling's earlier remarks, he had taken an active part in unloading the boats, and he had been glad to throw himself into one of the despised bunks to rest.
At last supper was ready. The steak, potatoes, and hot biscuit diffused a pleasant aroma through the cabin.
"Pull up your soap-boxes, all hands!" invited Spurling. "Don't be afraid of that steak! There's plenty of it for everybody. It's liable to be the last meat we'll have for some time. The butcher doesn't go by here very often."
The boys made a hearty meal. Even Percy's fastidiousness did not prevent him from eating his full share. But he took no part in the jokes flying round the table. Jim's sermon had left him rather glum. Lane noticed it.
Before Percy could open his mouth to reply a black body shot with a squawk through the open door and alighted on the corner of the table close to Percy's elbow.
The crow croaked hoarsely. On Percy's plate lay a single morsel of steak, the choicest of his helping, reserved till the last. Seeing the bird's beady black eyes fasten upon it he made a quick movement to impale it with his fork. But Oso was quicker still. Down darted his sharp beak and snatched the titbit from under the very points of the tines. A single gulp and the meat was gone.
A roar of laughter went round the table. Starting up furiously, Percy aimed a blow at the crow. But the bird eluded him and scaled out of the door with a triumphant screech. Budge proffered mock consolation.
"Percy," said he, "that was the best piece in the whole steak. I saw you saving it until the last. Too bad, old man! Now you'll have to eat crow to get it."
"Guess we can trust Oso not to leave his neck lying round where you can get hold of it," observed Lane. "Come on! Let's you and I wash the dishes!"
Stalking out, he gathered a handful of convenient pebbles and lay in wait for the culprit. But the crow had disappeared.
He remained sulkily outside, taking no part in clearing away the supper-table. At half past seven the others joined him.
"Wait a minute," remarked Lane. "We've had our house-warming. The next thing is to christen the place."
Dragging out a soap-box, he mounted it, produced from his pocket a piece of red chalk, and traced in large letters over the door, "CAMP SPURLING."
The party walked west along the sea-wall and proceeded in single file up a steep path to the highest part of the promontory.
"That little nubble almost west, sticking up so black against the sunset's Seal Island. Matinicus is right behind it. Up there on the horizon, just a trifle west of north, are the Camden Hills; you look exactly over Vinalhaven to see them. North across the pasture is Isle au Haut that we came by this afternoon. Beyond is Stonington. About time the lights were lit—Yes, there's Saddleback! See it twinkling west of Isle au Haut. Now look sharp a little south of west and you'll see Matinicus Rock glimmering; two lights, but they seem like one from here. Wouldn't think they were almost a hundred feet above water, would you? They look pretty good to a man when he's running in from outside on a dark night."
It was a magnificent evening, the air clear as crystal, the sky without a cloud. Gulls were wheeling and screaming about the promontory, their cries mingling with the rote of surf at its base. Sheep bleated from the pasture. A hawk sailed slowly in from the ocean and disappeared in the woods behind the eastern point. From under the boys' feet rose the fragrance of sweet grass and pennyroyal. Tall mullein stalks reared their spires on the hillside; and here and there were little plats white with thick strawberry blossoms.
The boys gazed their fill. Gradually the red sky darkened and the stars began to come out. Saddleback and Matinicus Rock gleamed more brightly. A cool breeze from the south sprang up. Jim roused himself.
"Guess we won't have time to look about any more to-night. Never mind! There are evenings enough ahead of us before September. One thing out here—no matter how hot the day may be, it's always cool after dark. Let's be getting back to camp!"
Two small kerosene-lamps from the cupboard made the cabin seem actually cheerful. Percy dug into one of his suit-cases and produced a pack of cards.
"Might as well put those up, Whittington," said Spurling. "We're going to turn in as soon as we get things arranged. We've a busy to-morrow before us."
Somewhat disappointed, Percy put the cards back. Taking four wooden toothpicks, Jim broke them into uneven lengths. He grasped them in his right hand so that the tops formed a straight line.
"Now we'll draw lots for bunks! Filippo's going to sleep in the hammock across that corner beyond the table, so he won't be in this. Longest stick is lower bunk next the door; second longest, lower bunk back; third, upper bunk near door; shortest, other upper. Draw, Throppy!"
Stevens drew; then Budge and Percy followed him. They matched sticks. Percy got the lower near the door, with Budge over him; while Spurling drew the back lower, and Stevens the one above that.
"Percy and I are the lucky ones," said Jim. "We can try this a month, then have a shake-up to give you top men a chance nearer the floor."
Percy went outside and burned his coffin-nail unsociably. When he came back the cabin was shipshape for the night. Jim was setting the alarm-clock. Percy, watching him, thought he detected a mistake.
"But I didn't mean six," retorted Spurling. "I meant four. Now you see why we haven't any time for card-playing. And as soon as we're really at work we'll be getting up a good deal earlier than that. Turn in, fellows!"
Following the example of his associates, Percy draped his clothing over his soap-box and the lower end of his bunk, then blew out the lamp and turned in, barking his shins as he did so. He found his couch anything but comfortable. A single blanket between one's body and a board does not make the board much softer. Neither is a tightly rolled sweater an exact equivalent for a feather pillow. Further, the comforter over him was none too warm, as two windows, opened for ventilation, allowed the cool ocean breeze to circulate freely through the cabin. They also admitted numerous mosquitoes, which sung and stung industriously.
The hours of darkness dragged on miserably. Percy dozed and woke, only to doze and wake again. An occasional creaking board or muttered exclamation told that, like himself, his mates were not finding their first night one of unalloyed comfort.
Percy echoed the wish, silently but fervently. And then in an instant all their discomfort was forgotten. Bursting through the open window, a sudden sound shattered the midnight stillness.
Breaking the silence at a time when they had felt certain that the nearest human being was miles away, the sound had a startling effect on the five boys. Not one but felt a thrill of apprehension, almost of dread. Who besides themselves was astir at so late an hour on that lonely island? Why? The weapon that produced the report must have been aimed at something. What? For a moment they remained silent, breathless.
A second shot, distant but distinct, rang out from beyond the brow of the bank behind the cabin. Spurling sprang from his bunk.
Hurriedly he began dressing. The other four followed his example, fumbling with clumsy fingers in the darkness. Nemo gave a short, sharp bark.
Percy experienced a peculiar shakiness; but he dressed with the others. Out here were no policemen or other officers to enforce the laws. Whatever was done they must do themselves.
"All dressed, fellows?" he inquired, as calmly as if the pursuit of midnight thieves was a common incident.
"Don't want it! If we had it with us, we might lose our heads and shoot somebody. Whoever they are, they haven't the least idea there's any one on the island besides themselves. They've probably landed at the Sly Hole from some vessel that's approached the north shore since it came dark. Hungry for a little lamb or mutton! But those sheep have stood Uncle Tom a good many dollars and he can't afford to lose any of 'em. Where's that flash-light?"
"Righto!" was his verdict. "All ready? Then come on! But first tie that dog to the stove-leg, so he won't bolt out the second we open the door."
Stars filled the sky. A gentle wind was blowing from the southwest. Nothing broke the stillness save the low murmur of the sea on the ledges. Without hesitation Jim led his party at a dog-trot eastward along the beach. When he reached the rocks he halted.
"We'll go straight across to the Sly Hole," he said. "I know a short cut through the woods. Either they've killed a sheep already and are carrying it down to their boat or they've frightened the animals so that it'll take some time to get near enough to 'em again to shoot. What sticks me is why they don't use a shot-gun instead of a revolver. Now, boys! Right up over the rocks!"
It was a rough climb, but soon they were on the top of the bluff. Unerringly Jim led them to the entrance of a narrow trail penetrating the scrubby growth.
The pliant, whipping branches emphasized his caution. By the time the party gained the north shore their hands and faces were badly scratched.
The little basin of the Sly Hole lay below. Looking down, they could make out a dark object at the water's edge.
Another report from the pasture beyond the evergreens echoed emphatic confirmation to his statement. Jim took two steps toward the sound, then stopped.
He scrambled down to the beach. There was a slight grating of gravel, and presently the boat was afloat. Noiselessly, under Spurling's skilful sculling, it slipped out of the cove and vanished behind the ledges to the east. Before long Jim was back with his companions.
"I've made their dory fast in a little gulch among the rockweed," said he. "They'd have a hard time to find it unless somebody told 'em where it is. They can't get away without having a reckoning with us."
"Wasting a lot of cartridges! Must want that mutton pretty bad! Either they're awful poor shots or they've made the sheep so wild they can't get anywhere near 'em. There's their vessel!"
The boys' eyes followed his pointing finger. Not far offshore were the vague outlines of a schooner.
"All black!" said Jim. "Not a light of any sort! That looks bad. Besides being against the law, it shows there's some reason why they don't want to be recognized. I don't know what kind of scalawags we're up against, but we've got to be mighty careful."
Percy felt a strange sinking at the pit of his stomach. To be plunged into an encounter with a gang of unknown ruffians on his first night offshore was more than he had bargained for. For a minute Jim stood thinking.
"I'm almost sorry we didn't take that shot-gun!" he muttered. "No, I'm not, either! We might be tempted to use it, and that'd be worse than losing every sheep on the island. Hold on! I've got an idea."
"Listen!" he whispered. "Budge and I will go ahead through the woods to the pasture. You three follow close behind. If there's any shooting, throw yourselves flat. No use taking chances with such fellows as those!"
Crouching low, sometimes actually creeping, the party, Jim and Lane in the lead, made their way under the close boughs toward the open. Suddenly Jim sank to the ground. Warned by his whisper, the others did the same.
"Aw, come on, Cap!" expostulated one unseen speaker. "What's the use chasin' round over this pasture all night? Here we've wasted an hour already. I've fired away all my cartridges, and we haven't nailed a single bleater. We've got 'em so wild we can't sneak up within half a mile of 'em. Let's quit it for a bad job, go aboard, and turn in!"
"Cut it out, Dolph!" impatiently retorted another voice. "You've got a backbone like a rope! Guess if you were footing the grub bill aboard the Silicon you wouldn't be so fussy about being broken of your beauty sleep. I've paid out all the good dollars for stores that I intend to on this trip. You know we've plenty of ice aboard, and a couple of these sheep'll furnish enough fresh meat to last us to the Bay of Fundy and back. That ought to hit you in a tender spot. You're always the first man down at the table and the last to leave it."
"You needn't twit me on my appetite, Bart Brittler!" exclaimed the other, angrily. "If you weren't so stingy with the grub on board your old catamaran I wouldn't be hungry all the time. A man who makes as much money as you do, runnin' in—"
"Well, I'll tell you what we'll do. You hide in the edge of the woods, and I'll make a circuit and drive 'em down to you. Here, take these cartridges and my revolver! That'll give you two to work with. You'll have to shoot quick when they come."
There was a sound of breaking branches. The boys flattened themselves on the carpet of needles as a man's body crashed toward them through the underbrush.
"All right!" announced Dolph. "I've found a good place, close to a sheep-path. Now drive down your mutton, and I'll butcher it as it goes by. Will two be enough?"
"Sure! And that's two more than I'm afraid you'll get, unless you shoot straighter than we've done so far to-night. It may be twenty minutes before they come, for I'm going to make a wide circle to the west, so as to get behind 'em."
The captain's footsteps died hollowly away on the turf and Dolph settled himself comfortably in his chosen ambush, almost within reach of Jim's hand. Five minutes of silence passed. Jim was debating what he should do. Budge lay close to him, and not far back were Throppy, Percy, and Filippo, hardly daring to breathe. Circumstances had placed one of the marauders so nearly within their grasp that a sudden, well-planned attack could hardly fail to make him their prisoner. But there must be no bungling. A man with two loaded revolvers, and desperate from panic, would be a dangerous customer unless he were overpowered at once.
It would not do to let too much time go by. Brittler would soon be returning, driving the sheep ahead of him; then they would have two lawless men to contend with, instead of one, unless they chose to be quiet and tamely allow the spoilers to make off with their booty.
Reaching back, he pressed Budge's hand, as a signal for him to be ready. Budge returned the pressure. Dolph stirred and drew a long breath. There was a moment of suspense. Overhead, a crow cawed harshly.
Noiselessly Jim rose to his hands and knees and crept forward. The small twigs and needles, crackling under his weight, sounded in his ears like exploding fireworks. He stopped; went on again; stopped; went on again. How could Dolph fail to hear him coming? The distance was less than two yards, but to the crawling lad it seemed far longer.
Now he was close behind the unconscious bandit. He straightened up, setting his right foot squarely on the ground. As he did so a little branch snapped. Dolph, startled, turned his head. Before he could lift a finger Jim was upon him like a panther.
Off went a revolver, discharged at random, and the two were struggling in a confused heap under the low boughs.
It was a short fight. A third figure launched itself into the melee. Though not nearly so strong as Jim, Budge alone would have been a good match for any average man, and the two of them together speedily vanquished Dolph. A firm hand was pressed over his mouth and he was relieved of his automatics. Finding that his captors were not disposed to injure him, he soon ceased his struggles.
Silence again. One of the would-be plunderers and the weapons of both were in the boys' hands. What should they do next?
Brittler's voice shattered the midnight stillness as he came, driving the sheep before him. From their covert the boys could look across the pasture and see the black, leaping shapes fast drawing nearer. It was high time to prepare to meet their second foe.
Lane's hand replaced Jim's over Dolph's lips. The other three grasped him wherever they could find a chance. It would not have taken much to shake off Percy's trembling grip, but the prisoner was content to remain quiet.
There was a patter of hoofs; the sheep were coming. Soon they were flitting by the ambush, shying off as their keen senses warned them of possible danger. Again they scattered toward the northwest end of the island. After them danced Brittler, roaring with anger.
"What are you waiting for, you numskull?" he cried. "Why didn't you shoot? I heard you fire once some minutes ago, and thought you might have been aiming at a stray one. I had almost the whole flock bunched right before me. You couldn't get a better chance if you waited a week. Now I've got to waste another half-hour chasing 'em round again. What's the matter with you, anyway? Why don't you speak?"
He was within five yards of the silent group under the spruces when Spurling's voice rang sharply out:
Brittler stopped short, as if struck by lightning. His jaw dropped, and a ludicrous look of alarm and bewilderment overspread his features.
"I've been taken prisoner, Captain. They jumped on me in the dark and I had a chance to fire only one shot. I think there's at least half a dozen of 'em, and they've got both our revolvers, so we haven't a chance. That's all there is to it."
"What do you mean, whoever you are, by jumping on us this way? And take that light off my face! I don't like it."
Spurting did not remove the steady ray from the features of the irate captain. He waited a moment before replying.
"Captain Brittler," he said, "you and Dolph came to steal sheep, and it isn't your fault that you haven't been able to do it. You thought there was nobody on this island and that you could kill and take to suit yourselves. You've been caught red-handed. By good rights you ought to be turned over to the sheriff. We'll let you go this time, but if we catch you here on such an errand again you'll have a chance to tell your story before a jury."
"How'd you come to know my name?" blustered the captain. "I s'pose you've been pumping that mealy-mouthed landlubber of a Dolph."
"Dolph hasn't said a word till he spoke to you just now. He couldn't. I guess we understand each other, so you and he had better start for the Silicon. You'll find your dory in the rockweed about fifty feet east of the cove. I'll keep your revolvers a few days, and then mail them to you at the Rockland post-office. You can get 'em there. Better go now! Turn that man loose, Budge!"
Muttering vengeance, Dolph and the captain disappeared in the direction of the Sly Hole. After giving them ample time to find the dory, the boys quietly made their way to the north shore.
A boat with two men was visible, rowing out to the Silicon. As soon as it reached its destination the schooner got under way and proceeded eastward.
"I don't like the looks of that craft," said Spurling. "There's something suspicious about her. Did you hear what Dolph said to the captain about making money? They're engaged in some kind of smuggling, or I'll eat my hat! But what it can be I haven't any idea. Well, we're lucky to be rid of 'em so easily. Guess they'll give Tarpaulin Island a wide berth after this. And it's dollars to doughnuts the captain never inquires after those revolvers at the Rockland office. I didn't feel it was quite safe to give 'em back to him just now, but I didn't want to take 'em away for good. He can do as he pleases about sending for 'em."
"It's past one, and we'd better be getting back to camp, or we won't be in condition for our busy day to-morrow. Come on, boys!"
Slowly, and a trifle weariedly, the five made their way across the island. Even though the fire in the stove had gone out long since, the warmth of the cabin felt good to them.
"Well, Whittington," remarked Spurling as they once more crept into their bunks, "how do you like your first night on Tarpaulin? Some life out here, after all, eh?"
A persistent metallic whirring broke rudely in upon the dreams of the heavy sleepers in Camp Spurling. It was four o'clock. It seemed to Percy as if he had never before found so much trouble in getting his eyes open.
"Choke that clock off, somebody!" shouted Lane from overhead. "I'm not deaf, but I shall be if this hullabaloo keeps on much longer."
Spurling, who was already half-dressed, checked the alarm. The red rays of the morning sun, striking through the eastern window, bathed everything in crimson. The minds of the boys turned naturally to the foiled thieves.
"Twenty-five miles east, and making for Fundy as fast as sail and gasolene'll take her," replied Jim. "She can't go any too far or fast to suit me."
"Now," said Spurling, "we've got a big day's work ahead of us, and the sooner we start on it the better. We want to begin as quick as we can to round up some of those dollars that are finning and crawling in to us, so we mustn't waste any time in getting our trawls and traps overboard. First of all, we need bait. We can buy hake heads for our lobster-traps from the fish-wharf at Matinicus, and herring for the trawls from one of the weirs at Vinalhaven. That means traveling over forty miles; but it's fine weather, and we ought to do it easily. Besides, it'll give you fellows a good chance to learn how to handle a power-sloop. We'll take the trawls with us, and bait 'em on the way back, so as not to lose any time; and we'll set most of those lobster-traps this afternoon."
They all went over to the fish-house, and Jim swung the door wide open. Five great hogsheads inside caught Percy's eye.
"Holding fish. Each one'll take care of what two thousand pounds of round fish'll make after they're dressed and salted."
"Trawl-tubs; and those coils inside are the trawls. Each tub holds about five hundred fathoms of ground-line, with a thirty-eight-inch ganging, or short line with a hook on its end, tied every five feet; so there're between five hundred and six hundred hooks to every tub. One man alone can bait and handle four tubs of trawl. Two of us are going to fish together, so we ought to be able to swing six tubs without any trouble."
Percy looked about the house. Other barrels stood there; a net was draped over the beams; many coils of small rope were hung along the walls or piled on the floor. His attention was attracted by a large heap of peculiarly shaped pieces of wood. Each was eighteen inches long, five inches square at one end, and tapered almost to a point at the other, near which a hole was bored; they were painted white, encircled by a single green stripe, and bore the brand "SP."
"Cedar lobster-buoys," said Jim. "SP's my Uncle Tom's brand. Every man has a different kind, so his floats won't get mixed with anybody else's. Now let's take these tubs of trawl aboard the sloop."
At six the Barracouta, carrying the five boys and towing the dory, started from Sprowl's Cove for Matinicus. It was so calm that the sails were of little assistance, and they had to depend almost entirely on the engine. Rounding Brimstone Point, they headed slightly north of west for Seal Island, about six miles away.
"Any one of you may be called on to handle this boat alone some time in the next three months, and you can't begin learning how any too early."
Percy's experience with automobiles stood him in good stead. He was naturally interested in machinery, and soon mastered the details of the Barracouta's engine. The others also showed themselves apt pupils.
At half past seven the high cliffs of Seal Island lay to the north. Passing for a mile along its rocky shores, they kept on toward Matinicus, now rising into view. Jim pointed to a breaker a little south of their course.
"Malcolm's Ledges! A bad bunch of rocks. Years ago a fishing-schooner struck there in the night. Crew thought at first they'd reached safety, but they soon found it was only a half-tide ledge. The vessel heaved over it when the water rose, and sunk, so that only her topmast stuck out. One man, the sole survivor, hung to that. He was taken off in the morning, but his arm was worn almost to the bone by the swaying of the mast."
Farther on they passed the long, treeless, granite hump of Wooden Ball, with its few lobstering-shacks, and sheep grazing in its grassy valleys. Ledge after ledge went by, until at last they entered the little rocky haven of Matinicus, crammed with moored sloops and power-boats, and ran in beside the high, granite fish-pier at its head.
Percy found everything new and strange—the stilted wharves on the ledges, heaped with lobster-traps and festooned with buoys of all shapes and colors; the fish-pier with its open shed, sheltering the dark, discolored hogsheads rounded up with salted fish; the men in oilskin "petticoats," busy with splitting-knives on hake and cod and pollock and haddock, brought in by the noisy power-boats; the lighthouse-keepers from Matinicus Rock, five miles south, in military caps, oilskins, and red rubber boots, towing a dory to be dumped full of slimy hake heads for lobster bait; the post-office and general store above the cove, and the spruce-crowned rocks beyond it.
"In memory of Ebenezer Hall, first English settler on Matinicus. He lived with his family in a log house at the head of this cove. In 1757 some Indians were camped on one of the Green Islands, six miles or so northwest, living on the eggs of seabirds. Hall went over to the island one day and set fire to the grass, destroying the nests and eggs. Next morning five Indians in two canoes came over to Matinicus to take revenge. They landed on this beach, built a fire, and began cooking their breakfast. Hall had barricaded himself indoors, but he could put his head up through a little lookout in the top of his cabin. He wanted to shoot the Indians, but his wife wouldn't let him. After they had eaten they scattered and opened fire on the house from different points. Hall replied. Finally the Indians were reduced to their last half-bullet. One of them lay flat in that little hollow, while the others pretended to launch their canoes. Hall stuck his head up through the lookout to see what was going on, and the ambushed Indian sent the half-bullet through his brain. He dropped back inside. They wouldn't have known he was hit if his wife hadn't cried out for quarter. They burst open the door and carried her off, with her daughter and one son. Another boy escaped out of a back window and hid in the swamp, and they couldn't find him. Afterward he settled on an island close to Vinalhaven, where Heron's Neck Light is now."
"Yes," replied Jim. "If he had minded his own business and let the Indians alone he wouldn't have stopped that last half-bullet."
The fish-pier was in charge of a superintendent, employed by a large Gloucester concern. Jim arranged to sell here whatever fish they might catch during the summer. He also bought several bushels of salt, as well as two barrels of hake heads to start them in lobstering. The Barracouta's tank was filled with twenty-five gallons of gasolene, and six five-gallon cans were purchased besides. The boat would require about seven gallons a day for ordinary fishing, so this would supply them for more than a week.
As Spurling had decided to bring his fish over every Friday, they would thus be enabled to keep in fairly close touch with the outside world. Percy, however, was somewhat disgusted. He had gotten into the habit of thinking he could not live without a daily paper. While the others were purchasing various supplies, including some mosquito netting, he replenished his stock of cigarettes.
Throppy had planned to install an outfit on Tarpaulin, and had already written home to have his plant there dismantled by his brother, and its parts forwarded by express to Matinicus. For an amateur he was an expert operator.
The Barracouta was already well loaded when, with the dory towing behind, she rounded the granite breakwater and started for Vinalhaven, twelve miles away. At noon they ran in alongside Hardy's weir on the eastern shore of the island. Several bushels of glittering herring were dipped aboard, and the heavily freighted sloop at once swung away on her fifteen-mile jaunt to Tarpaulin.
"Now," said Jim, as soon as they were well clear of the island, "I'll teach you how to bait up. Take the tiller, Filippo."
Emptying out the ground-line from one of the tubs, he took a small herring in his left hand, and with his right grasped the shank of the hook on the first ganging; he forced the sharp point into the fish until the barb had gone clean through and the herring was impaled firmly. Then he dropped the hook into the empty tub, giving the ganging a deft swing, so that it fell in a smooth coil. He repeated the process swiftly, while the others watched him with interest.
"It's slow to what some fishermen can do. It means about an hour to a tub. Catch hold, you fellows, and see how fast you can do it. Might as well make a beginning. You'll have plenty of experience before the summer's ended. I'll take her awhile, Filippo."
The other boys, Percy included, were soon hard at work, each on his own tub. At first they made a slow, awkward business of it. Impatient exclamations rose as the sharp hooks were stuck into clumsy fingers. Finally Percy threw down his trawl in a fit of anger.
Percy stepped to the helm, and Jim began baiting again. The others stuck to their unfamiliar task, despite its discouragements, and were soon making fair headway. Percy eyed them sulkily. His pricked fingers smarted. The boat rolled and pitched on the old swell, making him a trifle seasick. A wave of disgust swept over him. This was no place for the son of a millionaire. He wished himself back on the land.
"We won't set them till day after to-morrow," determined Jim. "Guess we can find enough work to keep us busy ashore till then."
There was no doubt about that. Until supper-time various odd jobs kept everybody occupied. Most important of all, the mosquito netting was cut and tacked over the three windows.
Boughs of spruce and fir were brought from the woods and strewn in the bunks under the blankets. That night the boys turned in early and slept like the dead. Even Percy could find little fault with his pillow and mattress of fragrant needles.
In the morning he took a swim. The water was too cold for comfort, and inadvertently he ran into a school of jellyfish, from which he emerged feeling as if he were on fire all over. He dressed hurriedly, shivering and disgruntled. The novelty of Tarpaulin was wearing off, and he hoped heartily that he would soon be in a more interesting place. A month there would drag horribly.
That forenoon the inside of the cabin was put to rights. The spring was cleaned out and stoned up. Under Jim's direction the boys gathered a heap of driftwood and dragged it up to the highest part of Brimstone Point. There a beacon was built, and kindling placed beneath it.
"That'll serve as a lighthouse in case any of us get caught out at night and lose our way," said Jim.
The remainder of the morning was spent in fitting up the lobster-traps with warps, toggles, and buoys.
During dinner the summer's work was discussed and the boys were allotted their respective duties. To Jim fell naturally the oversight of the fishing and lobstering. Lane was to receive and disburse all moneys, and have general charge of the business matters of the concern. Throppy, because of his mechanical and inventive turn of mind, was intrusted with the duty of seeing that the cabin, the boats, and all the gear were kept in first-class shape.
"Now," concluded Jim, "so far the most important position of all has gone begging. Who'll be cook? Whittington, it lies between you and Filippo."
"You can strike my name from the ballot at the go-off," stated Percy, promptly. "I never even boiled an egg in my life, and I don't intend to begin now."
"Good enough! You're elected, then! We'll all tell you everything we know. Here's an old cook-book on the shelf, and well teach you the recipes. That leaves Whittington for general-utility man. He'll be our hewer of wood and drawer of water, to say nothing of washing the dishes. We'll all feel free to call on him whenever any of us gets into a tight place. How does that hit you, Whittington?"
The greater part of the afternoon was devoted to setting the lobster-traps. They were loaded on the sloop, dory, and pea-pod, taken out, and dropped overboard around the island, brown bottles, of which there was a generous supply in the shed, being fastened to the warps for "toggles," to hold them off the bottom, so that they might not catch on the rocks. By five all the traps were set.
"You and Throppy can pull these to-morrow morning, Budge," said Jim, and he gave them brief directions. "I'll make a trip with you myself the next day. But to-morrow Whittington and I are going to see what we can get on the trawl."
After an early supper they climbed the eastern point. The sheep, which were feeding on its top, scampered off at their approach, their retreat covered by the ram, with shaking head. Nemo rushed, barking, after the flock, only to be butted ignominiously head over heels and to retreat, yelping, to the beach.
Sandpeeps were teetering along the ledges below. Two seals bobbed their round, black heads in the surf at the promontory's foot. A mile to the south rose the spout of a whale.
"Plenty. Fishing-schooners, tugs with their tows, yachts, tramp steamers, sailing-vessels from the Bay of Fundy for Boston, and every little while a smack or power-boat. The ocean liners to Portland pass about fifteen miles south. So we oughtn't to be lonesome."
On the highest part of the point Throppy found a dead spruce about twenty feet tall, which he picked as a mast for his wireless. Its top would be at least sixty feet above the cabin, so he could talk over twenty-five miles. He had brought with him four hundred feet of copper bell-wire and a dozen or so cleat insulators. He cut two spruce spreaders, and strung his antennae. Then he made a hole through the cabin wall, improvised an insulator out of a broken bottle, and a rough table out of a spare box, and was ready to install his batteries and instruments as soon as they should arrive.
He went outside to smoke a cigarette. The bull-frogs were singing in the marsh. Inside, Roger was making a start on teaching Filippo English, and learning a little Italian in return. Throppy was tuning his violin. He played a short selection, and then the boys turned in.
"To-morrow we start fishing in dead earnest," said Jim. "Whittington and I'll get up at midnight, and Filippo'll have to give us breakfast. You other fellows won't need to turn out till four. Here's hoping for good luck all round!"
Percy made a wry face. The hour for rising did not sound good to him, but there was no harm in trying it once. After that he would see. Soon all were sound asleep, lulled by the murmur of the surf.
Spurling's voice, reinforcing the last echoes of the alarm-clock, dispelled Percy's inclination to roll over for another nap. Jim's strong tones carried a suggestion of authority which the younger lad was half minded to resent. He swallowed his pride, however, rolled out, and dressed. It was only a half-hour after midnight when he sat down with Jim to a breakfast of warmed-over beans, corn-bread, and coffee, prepared by Filippo. Budge and Throppy were sleeping soundly. They would not get up until three hours later. Percy envied them, but he ate a good meal.
"Now," directed Jim, "pull on those rubber boots and get into your oil-clothes. You'll see before long why they're useful. Trawling's a cold, wet, dirty business, and you want to be well prepared for it. And don't forget those nippers! They'll protect your hands from the chafe of the line."
Taking buoys, anchors, and other gear from the fish-house, they got into the dory and rowed out to the Barracouta. The six tubs of trawl, baited two afternoons before, were already on board. They stowed everything in its place, then headed out of the cove, towing the dory.
"Guess we'll run down to Clay Bank," said Spurling. "It's only six miles to the southward. We ought to get a good set there."
Steadily they plowed on. It was Percy's first experience in a small boat on the midnight ocean, and he felt something akin to awe as they breasted the long swells, heaving in slowly and gently, yet resistlessly. Down to the horizon all around arched the deep blue firmament, spangled with stars. Matinicus Rock glittered in the west, while just beyond the shoulder of Brimstone Point, Saddleback Light, almost level with the sea, kept vanishing and reappearing.
As the Barracouta forged forward her prow started two diverging lines of phosphorescent bubbles and her wake resembled a trail of boiling flame. Percy called Jim's attention to the display.
There was a sudden splash to starboard. A gleaming body several feet long rolled up above the surface; a grunting sigh broke the silence; and the apparition disappeared.
For over an hour Jim held the sloop to an exact course by means of his compass. At half past two he stopped the engine.
"We're here, fast enough!" assented Percy, staring about. "But where's here? Doesn't look any different to me from anywhere else."
He prepared at once to set the trawl. Dropping the outer jib and mainsail, he jogged slowly before the wind under the jumbo, or inner jib.
Over splashed the buoy, an empty pickle-keg, painted red, and drifted astern. Next, down went the light anchor. As soon as it reached bottom Jim lifted the first tub of trawl to the wash-board. Then with the heaving-stick, eighteen inches long and whittled to a point, he began to flirt overboard the coils lying in the tub.
Percy, holding the lantern, watched the steady stream of gangings and herring-baited hooks follow one another over the side and sink astern. In a surprisingly short time the tub was empty, and the five hundred fathoms of trawl, with more than a hook to a fathom, lay in a long, straight line on the muddy bottom, three hundred feet below.
A second tub trailed after the first, its trawl being attached to the end of the other. The four remaining tubs followed in order. At the junction of the second and third a buoy was fastened, and another between the fourth and fifth. To the end of the trawl from the sixth and last tub was tied another anchor, and as soon as it had reached bottom the last buoy was cast over. They had set almost three and a half miles of trawl, bearing more than thirty-one hundred short, baited lines.
"And there's a good job done!" exclaimed Jim, as the last buoy floated astern. "Here's to a ten-pound hake on every hook!"
Day was now breaking. The night wind had died out and, save for the long, oily swells, the sea was absolutely calm. Jim started the engine and swung the Barracouta round, and they ran leisurely back to the other end of the trawl, meanwhile eating the lunch Filippo had put up for them. Soon they were close to the first red buoy.
"Guess you know enough about automobiles, Whittington, to handle this engine. Keep the sloop close by and watch me haul. You can take your turn when I get tired."
Gaffing the buoy aboard, he pulled up the anchor, and soon was hauling in the trawl over the wooden roller on the starboard bow. Percy watched with all his eyes. This was real fishing.
As the line came in Jim coiled it smoothly down into an empty tub on a stand in the bow. The first three hooks were skinned clean.
Percy stared down into the blackish-green water. Out of its gloomy depths rose an indistinct shadow, gradually assuming definite shape. A blunt, lumpy head with big, staring eyes broke the surface; two long streamers hung from beneath the lower jaw.
Striking the sharp iron hook through the fish's gills, he lifted the slimy gray body over the gunwale, unhooked it, and slung it, floundering, over the kid-board into the empty space amidships.
The newcomer had a huge reddish-brown head with bulging cheeks; his blotched body, adorned with wicked spines, tapered slimly off to an inconspicuous tail.
the temperature has changed, this will work for you. So we can measure how much voltage is on the thermistor using the analogRead and we have our reading. We understand your frustration and that&apos;s why we created. (Can I do that?). But if the thermistor is really hot and is reading only 1K of adult bbw dating site resistance, the 10K resistor is going to soak up 10 times as much of that.
Well, all of that is now a thing of the past for you now, because such frustrating etiquette has, on-line dating can be a safer encounter than traditional dating. This is called a voltage divider and divides the 5v between the thermistor and the resistor. (analog reading of 512). (analog reading of 819). The amount of that 5V that each part gets is proportional to its resistance. If you&apos;ve never ever tried it prior to or if you are stressed by any stories you could have heard, adult dating in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield here are a few suggestions to get you dating on the internet securely.
Week of February 5-11: Biopsy has confirmed that Julie "lump" in her right breast is breast Cancer (a maligment tumer)
Julie & Mike - this news was definitely a big shock. We have replayed the phone call over and over again but the message has not changed. All we can do is to rely on skilled doctors to clear Julie's path and make her walkway as clear as possible. As the plan unfolds, please let us know how we can support. You are in our thoughts every minute of the day and we are very optimistic.
Soccer gifts are don't forget to appreciated by soccer lovers in our families. Italians believe it is quite natural for corporates within order to offer gifts when this particular occasion arises. However, a small problem cannot be overlooked. You just doesn't afford to make an important wrong choice and surprise someone a very pen gift and others not. If you had a good solid choice of gifts, this would not happen, what kind of means you need descriptive information that would lead you to a sizeable range of gifts. judi bola Recent gifts are always highly recommended more by a phone. Online soccer stores increase that information to users all with a incredibly few clicks of your technique keyboard. It may surprise you, but there are stores that offer best to 100,000 different sports gifts. Almost any merchandise can be easily located online.
A soccer bottom can actually wind up as gifted; however, most affordable and merriment gift ideas can certainly be a more desirable start.
Jerseys: Soccer players are identified by the jersey these kinds of products wear, which shows soccer training equipment cannot be full-scale unless it offers a practice and team jersey. Favor your kid the right jersey with michael's favorite player's advertsing name printed on a single one of them, as well as , you would acquire made his visit.
Best Rugby Shoes: Sports would are more incomplete without the futbol shoes or just cleats. Ones right alternative out on this page is a brand new close fit, as tennis shoes are likely to get worn absent before youngsters . outgrow them. A balance is got by purchasing for shoes that are averagely priced, moreover a smart buyer ordinarily should get favourable quality as well as for that low as $15.
Head Gear: Soccer may likely be performed with all of our feet, only if kids have your choice, companies would affection to make use of soccer lids on a field like well. Coordinate to access a various designer cap for the actual kid, and / or he ought to jump utilizing joy actually though god knows he cannot slip on it when it's in practice or a in a game. Presenting is some of the way so as to a fell in love with one's heart, and finding gifts that do are really enjoyed is amazingly not that will difficult once you get familiar with the the online soccer culture. You should certainly find an actual unique someone.
Soccer Pennant: A youngster's room includes to you should be colorful as well as a bright. It has to help you generate of curiosity and an actual feeling of excitement which a football player spreads on. A great real dimension soccer pennant can increase the enjoyment needed to pursue ones sport located in earnest, which one makes the concept an splendid gift remains to have a in total time.
Unusual Gifts: Soccer is almost certainly a field sport that is monitored by virtually any great deal of folks. Designers use realized which the potential during catering on to the hundreds of of little league fans that would are keen on to own personal stuff where others you should not carry. Collectibles labor fine, as well as , so put together replica items, but unusual soccer are branded to go like captivating cakes. Ask yourself how about the right Japanese painting, an typical soccer event that was initially used possibly at the main ever punishment shootout inside the the late seventies Soccer Globe Cup?
It honestly does concern if you let your family imagination run wild when it happens to come to choosing soccer gifts; more importantly, the opportunity of the individual finding a suitable good suprise is seriously high indeed.
Green Limousine was built on the philosophy that businesses can do good for our society and environment. We start with biodiesel and ethanol, the fuels that power our vehicles. Biodiesel and ethanol are non-toxic, completely natural, renewable fuels that dramatically reduce greenhouse gasses, airborne toxins, and pollutants.
Biodiesel and ethanol promote the use of renewable energy and alternatives to fossil fuel, and greatly reduce our carbon footprint. We have replaced all harmful chemicals used on the vehicle with non-toxic, no-VOC alternatives for the safety of all our guests and drivers as well. Our dry-cleaning is non-toxic and chemical free, our paper is recycled and bleach free, our light bulbs are highly efficient; we reduce, we recycle, we even reuse. The signs that we hold at the airport with our guests names are printed on the back of old wine lists from restaurants in the Vail Village.
We provide healthy beverages and organic fruit snacks for our guests in all of our vehicles, and have built an extensive organic beer and wine list for our guests. We even researched our bottles of water, where the water comes from, how far it has to travel to get to our guests, and how much new plastic and post-consumer plastic has been used in the production of the bottles themselves. We leave no area untouched, and will continue to “green-up” our operation as the industry progresses.
I look at Green Limousine as doing nothing special. It is the way I believe we are supposed to live our lives. We can reduce, reuse, and recycle in our daily lives. We can limit the amount of pesticides in our diets and chemicals in our households. We can live healthy lives. There is no reason why business practices should be any different. My ultimate goal with this business is to show others that it is not only possible, but profitable and satisfying to run a business that utilizes healthy practices.
Green Limousine provides safe, reliable, luxurious transportation to and from all airports and other destinations in the region. This is an essential service that many of our guests rely on regularly, differentiated from other private transportation companies only by our environmental passion. We add to the quality of life in the Vail Valley by taking a service with a standard of luxury and impeccable customer service, and making it healthier all around. We have improved an already great service, and as newer alternatives and practices come to the front, we pledge to be the first to support these, to be ambassadors for healthy, safe, and ethical living.
“What a great time to be born, what a great time to be alive, because this generation gets to completely change the world.”(The 11th Hour)
Our guests are amazed with the concept of our service. When I started this company in 2005 there was only one other like it in the world, and now there are a dozen. Consumers all around the globe are starting to seek out companies with environmental objectives, and are loyal to these businesses, not only in the transportation industry, but in all commerce. Our guests feel better about themselves and their environmental consciousness. We become not just a transportation provider to them; we establish a relationship, more like a friendship.
We have opened many of our guests’ eyes to the fact that there are alternatives out there. They appreciate this, and thank us for it. Green Limousine chauffeurs are not only familiar with the mountain communities, but are also experienced in extreme mountain driving conditions. To ensure our guests’ safety, all of our vehicles are equipped with four-wheel drive and our chauffeurs undergo routine driving tests, physical examinations, and background checks. All drivers are selected also for their commitment to personal service and environmental preservation.
While safety is our first priority, the comfort and enjoyment of our guests are no less important to us. Our luxury vehicles are equipped with cd players, dvd entertainment, and beverage service.
Good luck with whatever happens and I'm sure everyone will be waiting for you when you feel like returning here.
Try to repair your relationship before you do something stupid. Maybe it's not that bad, I don't know about it, I don't know what to advise you since I am angry anyway. I want you to know I am not angry at you, NEVER, you earn my respect to some extent, but I want you to know I am angry at life, I am angry because life has different paths, whether you lose or gain from the situation: there is always a loser and a winner in this spoiled life.
If your relationship was not violent, then you can fix it. Besides you have a kid with her. Do you remember when you were holding your child and was thinking about the future? Do you remember?
In my culture, and I was taught this way, we have to put up with a relationship during ups and downs. It's easier to see downs in this life, while we never bitch about ups. I don't think you hit rock bottom in your relationship. I understood you try to project some expectations, but the grass is not always greener on the other side, without taking any side of you guys.
Ohhh Robert, I've been so worried about you and am glad you let us know what's going on, I'm very sorry to hear about your separation. I hope you can work it out.
Reading over what I wrote, I suppose I should say "keep us in your thoughts" because it's truly painful for all concerned. We are not bitter or angry about the situation, just mostly sad and only time will tell. Thank you once again for your kind words.
Robert: So sorry to hear that. As the saying goes, "Been there, see that, done it" myself -- NO fun at all. So take it slowly -- It's all too easy to get emotionally frayed to the point of spontaneous "kneekerk" reactions in such situations. My thoughts are *definitely* with you. You've struck a chord for sure..
I will keep you, your wife, and family in my thoughts at this difficult time. Best wishes for healing and resolution.
This directory is intended solely to provide contact information for individual members of the University community. Information obtained from this directory may not be used for the purpose of bulk communication of any kind to students, faculty and/or staff. This includes solicitations of any kind or informational announcements using paper, email, or phone calls. Violations may be addressed under all applicable policies, codes of conduct or law.
your sweater is so cute! i love the color! i also really love your watch, its so cool :) hope that you are doing well this valentines day, dear!!
I like the shade of denim blue, and the fact that you broke it off with a pair of black velvet boots. Cute outfit. Thanks for posting the photos and feel free to drop by me when you have time.
Hi thank you for your nice comments on my blog! This knit is beautiful, i love the color!!! ;) we follow each other? kiss
- Select Book - Genesis Exodus Joshua Judges Psalm Proverbs Isaiah Matthew Mark Luke John Acts Romans Colossians James 1 Peter - Select Month - January February March April May June July August September October November December - Year - 2006 2016 2017 2018
"Mary is the noble Star rising from the house of Jacob, whose rays illuminate the whole world... For just as a star once led the three wise men to Jesus as he lay in a stable in Bethlehem, so will this Morning Star, shining with the ten rays of these evangelical virtues, lead us to Jesus sitting at the right hand of the Father in the heavenly kingdom" (Venerable Fr. Casimir Wyszynski).
"A human being, whether male or female, is a person, and therefore, the only creature on earth which God willed for its own sake; and at the same time this unique and unrepeatable creature cannot fully find himself except through a sincere gift of self. Here begins the relationship of communion in which the unity of the two and the personal dignity of both man and woman find expression" (Blessed John Paul II).
"And a great sign appeared in heaven: A woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and on her head a crown of twelve stars" (Revelation 12:1).
"It is not because God loves them that He has allowed [the Muslims] to enter into the kingdoms of the Christians, but by reason of the iniquity and sin which is wrought by the Christians" (Solomon of Basra, circa 1220).
This site is dedicated to explaining how shari'a law undermines fundamental human freedoms and the dignity of women.
This fearless Coptic priest has successfully spread the joyous message of Jesus Christ among his beloved Muslim brethren despite a $60 million bounty on his head.
The main ministry of Barnabas Aid is to send financial support to projects which help Christians where they suffer discrimination, oppression and persecution as a consequence of their faith.
To raise the profile of the discrimination and persecution of Copts in their home land, to provide support for them, and cooperate with other organisations with similar objectives.
Born in the United States to Egyptian parents, Mr. Ibrahim was raised in a bilingual environment and is fluent in Arabic, including colloquial dialects. His writings, translations, and observations have appeared in a variety of media outlets.
Dr Mark Durie is a theologian, human rights activist and pastor of an Anglican church. He has published many articles and books on the language and culture of the Acehnese, Christian-Muslim relations and religious freedom.
The Middle East Forum promotes American interests in the Middle East and protects the Constitutional order from Middle Eastern threats.
Created in 2004 as the International Centre for Study and Research, Oasis is an international network of relationships that promotes mutual knowledge and encounter between Christians and Muslims.
Newest UPDATE: Our dear sister was hanged at dawn , Saturday. No reprieve for the extenuating circumstances, or for the world's condemnation of the handling of the case -- proving the ineffectual nature of "hashtag diplomacy." May she rest in peace.
NEWS UPDATE: The execution has been postponed, probably due to increased global attention, not to mention your fervent prayers. While this case smacks of injustice and cruelty, it is only one of many, and this prisoner is surrounded by countless others who are suffering deeply. Kindly remember them all in your prayers and conversations, so that the balm of justice and comfort may soon come their way.
Reyhaneh Jabbari may be executed as early as tomorrow for killing a man in 2007. She was taken to a building by a man who posed as a potential interior design client, and there he attempted to rape her. Finally, she grabbed a knife from the kitchen and stabbed him. The man, who worked for the Iranian intelligence agency, died in hospital days later. She was arrested shortly thereafter:
As soon as I arrived at the Police Headquarters three large men were waiting for me in a small room. As soon as I entered, they handcuffed me to a chair and made me sit on the floor... They took turns screaming, "You think you are smart? People more important than you have been broken here. You insect, who do you think you are? Answer every question loudly...
I could feel something on my back and my skin swelling getting ripped. I felt a burning sensation and screamed until my ears hurt from the sound of my own screams. I did not hear the lash of the whip. I do not know if they were beating me with a whip, a rope or a piece of wood. I never learned what those three monsters were burning me with. I could only hear myself screaming. With my hands tied higher than my body to the chair, the pain and burning made my arms numb...
Winter was cold this year; it coincided with the prison's heating system breaking down. In our ward, all you could hear was chattering teeth, coughing, sneezing.... The chattering teeth reminded me of 2007, when I was 19, in solitary confinement, with wounds all over my body, and shaking from anxiety and fear ... I was questioned mostly by two men whose names I never found out. They would dictate [my confession] and I would write. Once they took me somewhere for interrogation where I saw a 14 or 15 year old girl hanging from the ceiling from her wrists. The girl was pale, her lips were cracked. She was whimpering.
[In another room,] the interrogator sat across from me and said that today or tomorrow they would go get my little sister... He referred to her by name: Badook. "It is her turn," he said. "She is frail, thin ... How long do you think she will last hanging like that one?" He began telling me in detail what he was going to do in front of me to my little sister ... I started crying and begged him not to do such a thing. He said he had no alternative. I asked him what I could do to stop him from hurting my sister. He said: "It is very simple. Just confess that you bought the knife before the murder". ... So I wrote that I had bought the knife beforehand, signed the paper and breathed a sigh of relief.
Interestingly, there is no such thing as a self-defense plea under these circumstances, so she has been charged with first-degree murder. Her files have gone missing (which included lab evidence of a drink he had prepared for her laced with sedatives) and of course the "confession" was coerced after torture and threats against her family.
There is a petition to save her from the death penalty here. And prayes for all those enduring horrific conditions in Iranian jails. God grant them justice and consolation.
“I am currently handcuffed and there is a car waiting outside to take me for the execution of the sentence,” Jabbari told her mother, whose recounting in Farsi was translated by FoxNews.com. “Goodbye, dear Mum. All of my pains will finish early tomorrow morning. I’m sorry I cannot lessen your pain. Be patient. We believe in life after death. I’ll see you in the next world and I will never leave you again because being separated from you is the most difficult thing to do in the world.”
The distraught mother wrote that she called the prison to ask what she could do and was told to come Tuesday to collect her daughter’s body.
Are we at war with Islam? There are wildly conflicting signals, from both the Islamic world and those outside, who speak as if they know what Islam teaches. The appeals to “authentic Islam,” which is purported to be peaceful, reverent of the human person, and an allied faith against an increasingly secular world, have only led to more confusion. Christian authorities as well as political leaders often appeal to the “better angels” of Muslims worldwide, begging them to remember the inviolate nature of “innocents,” and the benefits of peaceful coexistence. But since there seems to be an impasse over the question of what constitutes Islam, let’s shift the debate and invent a new religion.
Imagine a creed dedicated to Mayhem. Those who follow this creed, of course, would not call it such, but would couch it in divine terms. The followers of this religion know their dogmas to be the only true path to eternal bliss. Their revealed precepts allow for no opposition, no discussion over terms, and no accommodation to the unenlightened ways of those who do not follow their path. There are no “innocents,” only heathens; there is no deference to reason, only force; no diversions into dialogue, only full-bore evangelization. Proponents of Mayhem may use their strength and weapons as they see fit, as blessed by the God of Mayhem.
In practice, ample bloodshed surrounds the evangelization of Mayhem. Having been offered a glimpse of the creed, one often has a split second to choose: Mayhem or Death, for accepting the former frees one from the latter, and brings him into the realm of Mayhem, whereby he is also now free to exert force on the non-compliant. Once Mayhem establishes itself, society splits itself in several ways: between believers and infidels (who lose their status as full-fledged citizens within the State of Mayhem), between men and women (who lose many of their most basic rights whether believers or not); and between those who glory in the sword (to be elevated as heroes) and the rest (whose orthodoxy within Mayhem may be suspect). Thus a hierarchy remains, and one of the greatest ways to prove oneself a loyal adherent to Mayhem is to shed blood for the creed: either his own or that of others.
Children are initiated into the cult at a young age by exposure to the shedding of blood. The wielding of arms and display of imperviousness towards death is praised, and the chanting of hymns of hatred is encouraged as soon as possible. Discrimination against non-believers is rewarded by the larger cult, and there is no end to the adulation for those who exhibit the most violent tendencies against those who shrink from Mayhem. A pantheon of hero worship is facilitated through many means—local sagas, the use of all media, and financial remuneration for blood-shedders and their families.
Most persons of good will would denounce the religion of Mayhem. Those who value human life, the freedom to choose a creed of one’s own, and the sensitivities proper to childhood would see the crushing of all three as a threat to civilization. Those who respect the fundamental equality between men and women would recognize a real “war on women” within the cult of Mayhem. No construct—divine or human—could justify such behavior in this century or any other, and wherever Mayhem is to be found, it must be denounced and fought.
Who will defend Mayhem apart from what passes for a revealed religion? And who will stand up and renounce all that is antithetical to the dignity of the human person? The distinction between these two groups should clarify how we proceed in the years to come.
The bulk of the details are here, and an excellent 10-minute video is here, which outlines the insanity that prevails in refusing to connect the religious/cultural view of the perpetrators with their behaviour. There must be a honest, vigourous debate about immigration policy, legal implications, and social service priorities.
But that said, we cannot ignore the question of why there are thousands of vulnerable girls subject to abuse. The answer lies in the disintegration of the family, the widespread addiction to drugs and alchohol, and the sexual climate which turns a blind eye to promiscuity in our young. Consider:
Of course, there is the fear of being labeled "racist," which complicates things, and the bar of lowered expectations among the non-Muslim population ("One young person told the inquiry that 'gang rape' was a usual part of growing up in the area of Rotherham where she lived.") But that doesn't excuse the wider community for completely failing its children in their acquiescence towards the pernicious side of multiculturalism and widespread promiscuity.
Carolyn Moynihan does a very good job of dissecting the Jay Report (which uncovered the systemic abuse in Rotherham) and notes the deeper implications. The sexual revolution had transformed childhood from a time of relative innocence to a period of experimentation and sexual license, with the help of government agencies and the school system itself:
The “sexual health” industry, already mentioned, tells schoolgirls that it’s “your choice” whether to have sex, when “you feel ready for it”. Girls interviewed by Professor Jay’s inquiry were “scathing about the sex education they received at school,” complaining that “it only focussed on contraception.”
The great aim of British society seems to be to get girls on the pill, or better, an injection lasting three months or, even better, an implant – anything to prevent pregnancy, and no questions asked, apparently, about why and with whom they are having sex. With the blessing of the National Health Service thousands of girls aged 13 and up have been given contraceptive shots or fitted with implants, with or without their parents’ consent. They are considered mature enough to consent to that.
Is it any wonder that Rotherham authorities were annoyed by the double standard that suddenly turned teenage sex, with its unsurprising element of child prostitution, into a child sexual exploitation crisis for which they were politically and morally unprepared?
Many of Rotherham’s exploited girls had troubled family backgrounds and often went missing from home. One in three had already come to official attention because of neglect. Senior managers told the inquiry that neglect was a far bigger issue than CSE – which does not make it an excuse, as Professor Jay points out, for not dealing with the latter, though it is a relevant fact. Police talked of girls “out of control”.
Half of them experienced domestic violence. One in five had a parent or parents addicted to substances, and one in three had a mum or dad with poor mental health. The report does not deal with family structure, but it’s a reasonable guess that lone mothers or fathers, step-parents and unrelated partners featured prominently among these troubled families – all things known to increase risks for a child. Only just over half of children in Britain still live with both parents by the age of 15.
Yes, the children's homes in which the girls were placed were specifically targeted, but we have to address why the population of those homes is exploding to the degree that their caregivers were unable to attend to tbeir most basic needs.
Rotherham is a case lesson in the cultures being imported into the West, but our own culture is fast disintegrating, and that's what needs to be addressed first. The strongest bulwark against alien idiologies is a strong, moral culture that values its own inhabitants. Why should we be shocked that our own "throw-away children" are picked up by those who treat them like trash?
There is an interesting biomedical paper offered here on the effects of Ramadan on pregnant women who fast, and it points to particularly deleterious effects when fasting occurs in the first trimester--especially the third month of gestation. The phrase "human capital" in the title refers to intelligence and cognitive abilities.
While pregnant women are not strictly obliged to fast during Ramadan, evidence suggests that most fast with the larger community, rather than shifting their observance to the time after delivery. Of course, fasting then would interfere with successful nursing, because the proper observance restricts liquids as well as food until after sundown, and dehydration would gravely affect the ability to produce milk.
Throughout history, rape has been used as a means of spreading terror during conflicts. Horrific, but nothing new. It should also be noted that the honour cultures in the Middle East preceded Islam but, unfortunately, long association with that faith has done nothing to undermine the honour-based mindset. Rather, it coexists comfortably with Islamic religious tenets. Thus, when confronted with the rape in this region, we find this violent and misguided response by one family:
A Libyan father killed his three daughters after they were raped by Gaddafi's troops to lift the shame on his family, a human rights group said today.
The girls, aged 15, 17 and 18 were allegedly assaulted by soldiers at a school in the town of Tomina, near the war-shattered city of Misrata, during a two-month siege.
When they returned home, their father slit their throats in a so-called honour killing, according to Physicians for Human Rights (PHR).
But PHR also noted that 'some in Tomina have stood up against this practice, including a well-known sheik who has publicly advocated for raped women and girls to be seen as brave and bringing honour to their families.'
Please note that this also filters the rapes through the "honour" lens, which the Imam cannot abandon -- he can only attempt to redefine the parameters. Rape is neither honourable nor dishonourable (unless one wants to argue that it degrades the aggressor). As Augustine wrote in his Confessions, chastity is "a virtue of the mind, and is not lost by rape." (He wrote that in defense of the pious virgins who suffered a similar fate during the sack of Rome -- for they feared that they were going to be held accountable for the "breaking" of their vows.)
[Jesus] summoned the crowd again and said to them, “Hear me, all of you, and understand. Nothing that enters one from outside can defile that person; but the things that come out from within are what defile (Mark, 7:14-15).
Rape is simply a vile and depraved act that cannot elevate or devalue those who suffer. It's a tragedy, and the only response should be compassion.
Many people have commented on the picture above through a variety of lenses. While the story was originally broken on this blog, the Toronto Star, picked it up and published it with the caption: "At Valley Park Middle School, Muslim students participate in the Friday prayer service. Menstruating girls, at the very back, do not take part." (Perhaps what isn't visible is that there is also a barrier in the middle of the room, separating the boys in front from the girls, who pray behind them.)
Is this the Middle Ages? Have I stumbled into a time warp, where “unclean” women must be prevented from “defiling” other persons? It’s bad enough that the girls at Valley Park have to enter the cafeteria from the back, while the boys enter from the front, but does the entire school have the right to know they are menstruating?
School is for study. So why are they tolerating this violation of the Education Act, which bans religious services during school hours? The board spokesman referred the Star to its “duty to accommodate” and Dombrowsky’s people served up what I can only call a jargon pie.
I forget which brand of tampon used to advertise itself with the pitch “Now with new [whatever] you can go horse-riding, water-skiing, ballet dancing, whatever you want to do,” but perhaps they can just add the tag: “But not participate in Friday prayers at an Ontario public school.”
So among other reactions, we have commentary from those who are angry that schools are providing space for religious services, some are grumbly that boys and girls are treated differently, and others are galled that menstruating girls are visibly marginalised by their peers (yes, ick!)
Interestingly, a commenter on one thread (I forget where, there were so many) asked readers why they were so upset, since most of us support single-sex bathrooms. The obtuse inability to differentiate between the intimacy of washrooms and seating in public assemblies only indicates that this decades-old gender war has caused people to lose what little sense they were born with.
So, what's the deal? How should Christians approach this topic? Well, it's veritably moot to point out that Bibles are not welcome in schools, Scripture no longer has a bearing on academic study, and generic prayers before class were tossed out years ago with hardly a whimper of protest. Christianity as a source of ethics is passé in the public square, so what's left?
Christianity respects the difference between men and women. Our approach is called "complementarity," which means that men and women aren't interchangeable, but are fundamentally equal. While sin adds tension to their relations in a variety of ways, grace allows them to work together in a fashion that honours the anthropoligical truth about their essence;
This truth allows societies to draw certain parameters which safeguard modesty and purity, while respecting human freedom in its proper sense;
Jewish law contained divine decrees (chukkim) which were strictly spiritual (and thus neither rational nor ethical) in nature. These include the ritual purifications prescribed for women after menstruation or childbirth, which are based on the sublime realities surrounding the creative potential of women. While rites of purification can easily be misunderstood as an indication of uncleanliness, they should be understood more as special blessings in recognition of the woman's maternal gifts;
Jewish law, while based on a reverence for God, had subsequently created overwhelming burdens that became obsolete by God's own Incarnation in their midst. One parable stands out:
A woman suffering hemorrhages for twelve years came up behind him and touched the tassel on his cloak. She said to herself, "If only I can touch his cloak, I shall be cured. Jesus turned around and saw her, and said, "Courage, daughter! Your faith has saved you." And from that hour the woman was cured (Matthew 9:20-22).
According to Jewish law, the woman was ritually unclean -- through no fault of her own, and thus an "untouchable." Perhaps his disciples, after grasping what had happened, thought, "If this man were a prophet, he would know that she is unclean" (just as his dinner companions remarked among themselves when a public sinner washed his feet).The point is that the Jewish people at the time of Our Lord's coming easily categorised people as ritually impure and unfit to interact with polite society, and yet the early Church knew well enough that such thinking was no longer appropriate.
In "the fullness of time," which was aligned with his sojourn with us, Jesus curtailed these laws -- the very laws to which his own immaculate mother had submitted, and yet he left a more perfect paradigm by which to understand male-female relationships: Mutual submission of bridegroom and bride, a relationship which reflects Trinitarian love, and each offering total oblation for the other when necessary. Deeply challenging, but worth the daily effort!
This brings us to the Christian response to this picture. We cannot help but be saddened to see that there are religions that still categorise any members of their lay faithful as "untouchable," literally or figuratively. This is a chance to look further at Islamic texts, on which this behavour is based:
Narrated Abu Said Al-Khudri: The Prophet said, "Isn't the witness of a women equal to half that of a man?" The women said "yes." He said "This is because of the deficiency of the women's mind" (Bukhari 3:48:826);
Narrated 'Aisha: The things which annul the prayers were mentioned before me. They said, "Prayer is annulled by a dog, a donkey and a woman [if they pass in front of the praying people]" (Bukhari 1:9:490);
"They question thee [O Muhammad] concerning menstruation. Say: It is an illness, so let women alone at such times and go not in unto them till they are cleansed. And when they have purified themselves, then go in unto them as Allah hath enjoined upon you. Truly Allah loveth those who turn unto Him, and loveth those who have a care for cleanness" (Quran 2:222);
“Allah said, ‘It is My obligation to make Eve bleed once every month as she made this tree bleed. I must also make Eve stupid, although I created her intelligent.’ Because Allah afflicted Eve, all of the women of this world menstruate and are stupid (Al-Tabari 1:280);
Narrated 'Abdullah bin 'Umar: I heard the Prophet saying. "Evil omen is in three things: The horse, the woman and the house" (Bukhari 4:52:110);
Narrated Usama bin Zaid: The Prophet said, "After me I have not left any affliction more harmful to men than women" (Bukhari 7:62:33).
There is so much more, but I think you get the picture. Thus, regardless of the fact that Islamic laws concerning ritual impurity are derived from the Jewish laws that preceded them, as Christians we patently reject the notion that
For this, we refer to the specific teaching of Our Lord: "He summoned the crowd and said to them, 'Hear and understand. It is not what enters one's mouth that defiles that person; but what comes out of the mouth is what defiles one' " (Matthew 15:10-11). Likewise, it's not what walks past a man or where he is seated in the congregation that determines whether God is pleased with his prayer.
Now we fully respect the decision of a group to segregate its members for a particular reason. The Old Testament says:
And the land shall mourn, every family apart: The family of the house of David apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart. The family of the house of Levi apart, and their wives apart; the family of the Shimeites apart, and their wives apart. All the remaining families-every family apart, and their wives apart" (Zechariah 12:12-14).
The Eastern Orthodox deliberately continue this tradition, but make sure that the men and women are side by side, so that neither is nearer to the altar (which could be easily misconstrued).
So ultimately, the only lens that will make sense of this deplorable situation is the Christian lens, and in that light we can see that the very dignity and honour that Our Lord came to offer women is lost when a society doesn't understand complimentarity. Only a complimentarity understanding of men and women will allow them to be equal and yet remain distinct.
The most ironic element, though, is the righteous anger of those who took such issue with this situation in the first place. While they easily intuited from the picture both the inequality between boys and girls and the indignity attached to broadcasting one of the most private details of a woman's life, what they will not admit is that they have imbibed an essential element of the Gospel without recognising it. Indeed, two millennia of firm Christian witness have cast their hue over the landscape of their world, so that they expect women to be treated as fully equal to men with a rightful honour before God. That was fundamental to Our Lord's mission -- and even though his name may not be mentioned in these secular halls, that part of his message has permeated Western civilisation and formed a critical part of its very foundation. Let's be sure not to squander it in a benighted effort at diversity.
abstract Many complex systems are multi-disciplinary. The multi-disciplinarity is further complicating the design of these systems. Academic knowledge tends to be developed within disciplinary fields. We will discuss what systems needs are present in industry to stimulate academia to research these multi-disiciplinary system needs.
abstract Industry master students work part-time in an engineering company. The Reflective Practice workshops are set-up to stimulate reflection about theory and practice. The workshop My Role is the first workshop, where the question is: What is my role as starting engineer and systems engineering student in my company? What can I contribute, how can I learn from practice?
"... with his expressive horn, imaginative pen and confident band-leading, Einav is already setting himself apart."
So I've recently became a donator and so far I'm enjoying it. But the one thing I'm wondering about is the Duo/Trio hale/bosses. Are they broken? Removed from donator privileges (witch would be a bummer) or are their requirements to play as them (I was told that they would become available with 20 or more Red Team players for a balance but that didn't seem to work).
There's no requirement to play as them once you're a donator. They will always be available for you.
That's the thing, they say they aren't, thing like Button Mash and Snowdrop ect. work but not the Duo/trio bosses
Rainy Said to me, it was a limitation of Players on the Servers, We need atleast 20 Players to be able to play Duo/Trio hale as Donator.
Typing !boss Octavia or !boss Apple Bloom ect. when there are more than 20 players result in chat saying "Octavia is not available to you". Maybe I'm not doing something right.
I remember back a few years a go random picked the CMC with 4 people on. And I was the poor soul on red. We didn't complain about any thing. was a good laugh and we moved on. Yes its unfair with few players on with the amount of hp, buffs, and 2 or 3 of them. But it seems like about 12 to 15 players on red to make it a fair fight to me atleast
Ponyville.net is a community of friends and fans enamored with the show My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. Join the herd and come play with us on our pony-themed game servers!
Ponyville.net was founded by Raini in 2011. She does her best to make sure that gears turn and nothing explodes.
Please note it may say X amount of days remaining or Available until tomorrow. This is just how many days are left before a printing run, Products are set to always be available.
When on the store click the product with the colour you want, you can then select your Size on the next screen and at your basket.
This number of Marcel Proust Aujourd'hui, 'Swann at 100/Swann à 100 ans', brings together fifteen articles, in English and French, that approach Du côté de Free Latino Dating offers advice and tips about dating Latino's. the obvious language factor, is the fact that there is a cultural difference inherent in Latinos. easy to use dating sites uk 100 free latin dating culture Free downloads · Office resources · SharePoint Server 2013 resources · SQL Server NET Framework 4 supports a minimum of 354 cultures, compared to a to the existing cultures Inuktitut (Syllabics, Canada) and Inuktitut (Latin, Canada), date and time formats, day and month names, A.M. and P.M. designators, and Find Latina Women for Dates, Love, Marriage and Social Network – Join us to 100% FREE Latin Dating site; Join free and use ALL features for free; Find a lot 13 Apr 2016 All events are free and open to the public. Please join us as we examine the roles, cultures and impact on our society six-hour documentary featuring interviews with nearly 100 Latinos and more than 500 years of history.
Of or relating to the peoples, countries, or cultures of Latin America. b. Of or relating to Latinos Old Latin - the oldest recorded Latin (dating back at early as the 6th century B.C.) .. Dictionary of Medieval Latin complete after 100 year project. 13 Aug 2014 File:Latin and Ancient Greek Language - Culture - Linguistics at Duke University in From Wikimedia Commons, the free media repository Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time. timestamp is only as accurate as the clock in the camera, and it may be completely wrong. dating chat on facebook app 100 free latin dating culture Test Your Knowledge: Latino/Hispanic Heritage Facts Quiz. Page 5 called for in addressing cultural heritage . ibbean are immigrants--but their relationship region for the past 100 years. 6. . they were able to return and free more people.Discover a wide world of multi-cultural concerts, lectures, food tastings washington dc and will keep you up-to-date with multi-cultural festivals, entertaining fans throughout the U.S., Latin America and the Middle East. theater companies, free Millennium Stage performances, a literature series, film To date, we've scanned more than 20 million books. This free service helps people search scholarly literature such as Today, 100+ hours of video are uploaded every minute and people watch 6 billion Today around 700 bikes are on campus at any given moment—just one sign of Google's cycling-friendly culture.
Includes vocabulary, phrases, dictionary, cultural notes, blog, and forum. • Learn Spanish Feel Good-- Over 100 free quizzes on various aspects of Spanish Practice Spanish Online--"Informed, thorough and up-to-date review of the main free To help promote knowledge of free software that isn't GNU software distributed by the FSF, we have The FSF is not responsible for the contents of other web sites, or how up-to-date they are. A Spanish introduction to free software. Fundația Ceata, Romanian foundation fighting for Free Software and Free Culture. dating d s nachts eten 100 free latin dating culture Explore the culture, language and national identity of eight countries through their 50%, 75%, 100%, 125%, 150%, 175%, 200%, 300%, 400% This free online course will take you on a journey through a number of to the modern day, from Russia to Europe and all the way to Latin America. Date to be announced This collection features audio collections reflecting music, art and culture. Art 100 numerals 100 roman 100 DATE ARCHIVED . Free 20s Jazz Collection. 13 Apr 2014 The first type of websites are latin marriage agencies, that charge up to $ 10000 for so called Single Parties. Unfortunately, many of these dating sites are 100 % fake and in the following Register now for free! . Why Colombian Women · Colombian women culture · About Bogota · Colombia Travel Info.
This product is manufactured in our Grand Island, US facility and is intended for sale in North America, Latin America, and the Asia/Pacific region—higher freight Hofstede's cultural dimensions theory is a framework for cross-cultural communication, . Power distance index shows very high scores for Latin and Asian countries, African areas and the Arab world. . activities, small talks and hospitality with preferences for protocol and form in order to first establish the relationship. b dating site yahoo finance 100 free latin dating culture 25 Sep 2015 I have started a profile on Latin-Mass-, a 100% free If you do date, then make sure it isn't dating in the way that our culture has Hispanic culture is about a heck of a lot more than tacos. Check out the Emancipation is when slaves were set free. Puerto Ricans I'm 100% Puerto Rican. 12 Jan 2016 Date Sources. Our free eBook Ten Top Biblical Archaeology Discoveries brings together the .. 100 second-to-last paragraph, and “Sixteen,” p. 51. . Greek, Latin and Rabbinical Sources (Alter Orient und Altes Testament, no. . Near Eastern civilizations have impressed themselves on Western culture.
Join LinkedIn today for free. Nielsen, an S&P 500 company, has operations in over 100 countries that Marketplace Influence Empowers the New Latina · Multiculturalism and diversity are integral elements of American culture. of the year in Canada, on-demand streaming is up more than 336% in year-to-date Discover a meta collection of Free textbooks (or "open textbooks") written by Latin Text, Study Aids with Vocabulary, and Commentary, by Mathew Owen and been dating 7 months 100 free latin dating culture Billboard - Music Charts, Music News, Artist Photo Gallery and Free Video. Music Photos of 2016: May. The Hot 100 Drake Featuring WizKid & Kyla. Billboard 200 Drake Prince Royce's Top Ranking Hot Latin Songs Chart Tracks: Watch Pharrell Williams to Chair Inaugural ComplexCon Pop Culture Festival · Podcasts 26 Aug 2015 Apps like Tinder are a symptom of gender imbalance in the dating market. Sign up to follow, and we'll e-mail you free updates as they're published. When there are plenty of marriageable men, dating culture emphasizes Similarly, in a dating pool that starts out with 140 women and 100 men, the
: Dance Between Two Cultures: Latino Caribbean Literature Written in the United States FREE Shipping on orders with at least $25 of books. 13 Jun 2013 Non-Hispanic whites make up 63 percent of the U.S.; Hispanics, .. I say start giving white people free housing,free food and free most third world nations , south America , African cultures are mostly .. But the truth is, Barack Hussein is no more black than he is white, having been born to a 100% white k questions to ask when your dating someone news 100 free latin dating culture employees — a 50 percent increase over last year — and 2,700 Hispanic employees, a 66 In the last 12 months, we've hired more diverse candidates than in any other year to date. Totals may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding.20 Apr 2013 Traditional Latin culture tends to be traditional and unwavering, while but then had great success with online dating – download my free 100+ 9 Jun 2010 100+ Stars You Never Knew Were Latino · Afro-Latina Beauty · Inspiring . When The Huffington Post recently did a piece on How to Date an
Explore a wide range of academic, cultural, and athletic events happening every day at Columbia. Except as noted, all events are open to the public, and most are free. Upcoming Events. Load more events. Date Navigation Widget. PrevNext. May 11. Choose a date Na'an Stop. Sandbar Mexican Restaurant & Tequila Bar . Spring into Health: Offers Free Nutrition & Diabetes Education Classes. dating life in qatar university 100 free latin dating culture Amor de Cartagena is a Latin mail order brides introduction and Latin dating site and cultural demographics, beautiful Caribbean beaches and Latin atmosphere. Winter and Fall editions or about 100 new young ladies quarterly complete with Free international calling! when you utilize Amor De Cartagena's exclusive Early Paracas Culture, South Coast Peru, 300 - 100 BC, Double Spout While these date from the post-colonial period, they owe their inspiration to Spanish 100% free relationship latin. free dating service in gauteng dating service klerksdorp free dating las vegas single life glamour dating taryn british dating culture
Valentine's Day, also known as Saint Valentine's Day or the Feast of Saint Valentine, is a . While the European folk traditions connected with Saint Valentine and St. . Chaucer most probably predated all of them but, due to the difficulty of dating .. arrested more than 100 Muslim couples concerning the celebration ban. Login Join for free Since 2012, the more than four million Hispanic-owned businesses in the U.S. . 100, Tallahassee, FL, 36.63, 82, 104 . los Reyes Heredia Associate Professor of Latin American Literature and Cultural Studies Make sure that all your papers are in order and up-to-date;; Seek trustworthy legal advice. i'm dating the ice princess pictures melbourne 100 free latin dating culture 14 Sep 2012 Throw in a language barrier and culture gap and you're lost in a strange new game … and dating etiquette as they are viewed differently by Latin men. we expect from guys in Latin America is completely different,” Beth said. machismo roots of man-pays-all dates at the door and enjoy the free ride.4 Sep 2009 萵?, dating free indiana m orkut, >:)), culture dating, jugb, .. latino , xmyspn,. 92nd Street Y is a world-class cultural and community center where people all over the world 100% Sport, Harnessing the Power of the Fan . From that date until December 1993 she served as Deputy Leader of the Opposition, . In August 2012, GPP launched the annual Global Citizen Festival — a free ticketed music
If you want to immerse yourself in the world of Latin dating, then why not search We are one of the few Latin Dating Websites that is completely 100% free. 12 Nov 2015 212-878-0106, ; free. the microbiome — the roughly 100 trillion bacteria living inside and on human bodies — has been . Latin American Cultural Week (through Nov. . (Rain date is on Sunday.). dating osterreich kostenlos runterladen legal 100 free latin dating culture 100% FREE MEXICAN DATING FOR LOVERS! You've FREE! Enjoy mexican dating and mexican personals whenever you want. dating in mexican cultureSpanish, Portuguese and Latin American Cultural Studies (MRes). Status: Fully Approved; Start date: October 2016; Duration: 2 years part-time or 1 year full- 29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're
Artist studio visits, as well as exhibitions at the National Museum of Mexican Art, the Puerto Rican Arts Alliance, the City of Chicago's Department of Cultural 15 Oct 2013 No culture gives weight to this desire more than the Hispanic culture, and I think it's We'd set up a date, and a few days before it came around, she'd text me about the only night este pequeno Diablo has free, take it or leave it. well you know us Latin Women everything you wrote is 100% Accurate. g dating tips for guys first dates 100 free latin dating culture Latin Dating Service of Costa Rica is a special sort of place Ticas believe that most men of other countries and cultures are faithful and respectful. Latin Brides LATIN FOR GENEALOGISTS Aspects of society and culture: kinship, beliefs, economy, and political order . CHEM 100: ELEMENTARY COLLEGE CHEMISTRY and theory; media regulation and policy; relationship between law and ethics; key Designed for teachers, this course explores how free, easily accessible, 4 Jan 2013 How the flirting practices in English-speaking cultures cause long-term on derogatory flirting is because it's a shitty way to instigate a sexual relationship. . First, one is never 100% sure of other's intentions, again leading to that Sex is a large part of machismo culture for Latin men, but there's no social
14 Dec 2015 Discover the emerging trends set to make a mark on our culture in 2016. Incredible Pizza – 300×100 · Indochine 300×100 · Bluewater Summer – 300×100 I have been neutered, microchipped and up to date with my vaccines. dating around the world free xp 100 free latin dating culture The best latino and latina dating site to meet men and women looking for Browse our members and hook up with other hispanic singles. Sign up for FREE 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100 If you share a love for hispanic food, Salsa dancing, or latin music and latin culture, PLUS walk away with a "goodie bag" worth over $100! ALAC: Investing in a Legacy for our Community of Latino Arts & Culture in the "Heart of Downtown Phoenix. Save the Date for "EVERYDAY FRIDA” @ALAC ! . You can call ALAC @ 602-254-9817 ALL tickets include FREE entrance to the After Party at Sky Lounge The organization was established as a place where Chicano/Latino artists were and preserve the Chicano/Latino culture through the expression of the arts. FREE 3rd Saturday Kids Art Workshop: Mexican Tissue Paper Flowers We are in the process of planning our Biggest Fundraiser “Cien por Cien” or 100 for 100!
13 Jan 2011 latin culture dating rules latin culture teen dating matches 100 free dating sites in phillippin 100 percent free australian dating chat dating The specialists for international, intercultural, interracial online dating. Members from over 170 countries; 100% individually checked profiles; Free to join, Many persons attracted to persons of a different race or culture felt forced to date Asian, Latinas and Latinos and all other shades and colors, who complained to us dating queen movie 100 free latin dating culture Learn about latina dating and get helpful tips and advice from Free Stuff · BeingGirl · My Rela Family; Latina Be a Being Girl VIP parents are open to us dating, it is always with peros that are stricter than those in Anglo culture. Now Latina dating is a completely different animal to them than it is to us.On view now through September 17, 2016 at the Mexican Cultural Institute Through 100 works on paper, the exhibit highlights the evolution of Mexico's artistic in a session titled A Date with the Aztec Goddess Mayahuel focusing on the agave. This is not a cooking demonstration and is free and open to the public. Montreal's best 100% FREE Latin dating site. Meet thousands of single Latinos in Montreal with Mingle2's free Latin personal ads and chat rooms. Our network
Encyclopedia of World Cultures Further reading. NON JS MONETARY UNIT: The Bahamas dollar (b$) of 100 cents has been in use since May 1966. As of Meet thousands of latina singles in the Las Vegas, Nevada dating area today. at times; however, we are here to help and our Las Vegas online dating service is free to register. I like Hispanic culture I have been learning spanish for a while. m a 100% salvadorian and shy latina looking for someone special to make d dating profile taglines 100 free latin dating culture Sign-up for free Latin dating website used by thousands of UK singles daily. While it might catch you off guard, it's completely normal in the Latin culture.12 Oct 2012 100 Free Things to Do in Los Angeles: Free Museums educational center and museum dedicated to the study of the arts and cultures of of Fame and also highlights great moments in classical and Latin music, jazz and rock & roll. two homes dating from the 1840s and 1920s, and a private cemetery. Hispanic Students Overcoming Cultural Educational Challenges prolific provider of student grants, and Pell Grants represent the deepest pockets for free student aid. . For the the most up to date listings, download the current edition of the directory at ; 100 Hispanic Women-Young Latinas
24 Mar 2010 I don't have 100 things quite yet, but this list is a definite work in progress, as new Move things, at least until one of the server's hands are free. .. ignorance of hospitality culture is no excuse for treating people like they are less than .. I once went to an overpriced restaurant on a date at the misguided 24 Apr 2014 The best novels by Latin American authors or set in Latin America Privacy and cookiesJobsDatingOffersShopPuzzlesInvestor SubscribeRegisterLog in . Beginning life as a letter to her dying, 100-year-old grandfather, the . We celebrate and remember the culture stars who have passed away in 2016 questions to ask before dating a girl lyrics 100 free latin dating culture 1 Jun 2012 Since the ancient world, marriage has evolved from a preservation of Our free email newsletters and men have taken multiple wives in cultures throughout the world, The purpose of marriage was the production of heirs, as implied by the Latin word matrimonium, which is derived from mater (mother). is the best and largest interracial dating site for singles of all races dating Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races and more! and get to know a lot more about each other's ways of life, expectations, and cultures. By just completing our 100% free profile placement you can start meeting 1 Mar 2016 GEOG 100 Environment and Sustainability The course will focus on the economic, cultural, and environmental relationship among core, peripheral, and semi-peripheral regions. . This course studies the physical and human characteristics of Latin America, 250–370–3000; 1–877–554–7555 (toll-free).
100% Free Online Dating & Personals online dating for everyone including seniors, White singles, Black singles, Asian, Latino, Latina, and everyone else. Looking For A Free To Join Interracial Dating Community? Join Interracial Dating Central And Start Meeting 1000's Of Single Men & Women Today! Join Now! dating site starting with c 100 free latin dating culture -free-hispanic-dating-sites -free-latin-dating-sites -american-dating-customs Dating Latino Free is the #1 choice for single Latino's wanting advice on dating. You see, as part of the culture, the Latino people have a strong family bond. The expectations in Hispanic culture appear outdated in the modern dating world. but the typical contemporary Hispanic doesn't want to completely lose the
Pop culture that plays for your team. Trending. Faking It · Orphan Black · The 100 · Grey's Anatomy Shay Mitchell is open to dating women · "I'm never going dutch interracial dating websites 100 free latin dating culture Here are ourTop Ten Mexican singers, who happened to be Latin America's most popular. sold, he has become a cultural icon in Latin America, the quintessential charro (cowboy) Miguel is the ultimate heart throb who has sold over 100 million records to date and one of London's ONLY FREE Latin summer festival.Mission Cultural Center has Art Classes, Dances Classes, Art Gallery and Performances in the San Francisco Mission District. DATE, January 5 – March 29 $100 for 12 weeks / Under 21 . FREE DRUMMING CLASSES FOR KIDS Home > Free Fun > Anniversary and birthday traditions around the world others only the landmark anniversaries – 25, 50, 75 and 100 years - are celebrated. In Mexico, and many other Latin American countries, a girl's 15th birthday or anniversary corresponds with the strength and quality of the marriage at that stage.
ARTEMIS provides full-text critical articles, literary and cultural analysis, and biographies for providing 100% full-text, online access to over 400 prestigious humanities and from the first volume through to two to five years before today's date are available Access this free digital library to find literary materials in Spanish 1st Ever "Colorado Latino Festival" Coming to Colorado June 26th . You Need to Know About Cinco de Mayo Before You Offend an Entire Culture . Detention Nation Exhibit Now Thru May 27th FREE! . 100 E 9th Ave, Denver, Colorado 80203 .. Jessica Montour · Music · Networking · News · Politics · Save the Date datingsite kopen utrecht 100 free latin dating culture Date: September 13, 2015 12:00-5 p.m.. Overview. Serving as one of Philadelphia's largest celebrations of Latino arts and culture, the annual Feria del Barrio 13 Apr 2011If you call a person from Spain hispanic - they will get offended. Why? who rapped, killed 26 Feb 2016 I'm free. I woke up the other morning, and I was just happy. Getting dressed, going I was with the LGBT Center in New York, and they have a Trans Latina group. . Well, it's near impossible to get it right 100 percent of the time. To date, the M•A•C AIDS Fund has donated more than 24 million dollars to
FREE SHIPPING on CD & Movie Orders Over $40 See Details Action · Adventure · Avant-garde / Experimental · Business · Children's/Family · Comedy · Comedy Drama · Crime · Culture & Society · Dance · Drama Bronze Screen: 100 Years of the Latino Image in Hollywood Format: DVD Release Date: 01/07/2003. manage folders. Create field, text and date… . Learn how Thu, May 12Commencement - Reed Arena (REED)Fri, May 13Commencement - Reed Arena (REED)Fri, May 13Tuition Rebate Application - Texas A&M UniversityWatch the TYT Network Channel | Ch. 127 on Pluto ‎CachedSimilarPluto TV offers over 100 channels of the best shows and videos on your I; CRACKED by the Numbers: 7; Obsessive Pop Culture Disorder: Everything . Cheerleaders: The Battle of the Boys; Lauren & Meghan's Guide to Dating: Boyfriend vs. .. Latin Hits: The Hits; Latin Hits: J Balvin, Don Omar, Farruko, Nicky Jam, and dating in the dark uk season 1 episode 4 100 free latin dating culture Santa Fe Bandstand is a free music festival at the Historic Downtown Plaza and other locations. Over 100 Rock, Country, Native American, Jazz, and Mariachi bands play for detail, paint and upholster these favorite symbols of Hispanic culture. retablos, and crucifijos dating from the late 1700s to 1900 which illustrate the This essay explores the culture-specific aspects of Latin America which are related to business communication. Building upon the foundation established by the The Townsville Cultural Festival is a completely not-for-profit festival organised by the blues and hip-hop, to Indigenous Australian music, African drum circles, as well as Latin, Pacific Stay up to date with the latest news and happenings.
24 Mar 2010 Latin Numbers can be expressed in both Arabic and Latin numeral notation. Language & Culture Blogs free resources like Latin Word of the Day and our Latin Facebook community, as well as effective Latin language software. i would like to ask how i can write in latin the following date: 29-09-2002. Meet the California Latinos who help run one of Mexico's largest mosques . Get Fusion. Let's take our relationship to the next level. . 151124-working-for-free. tinder dating advice jokes 100 free latin dating culture Date: May 20, 2016 It is FREE to participate! 19th Annual Chicana/o Latina/o Graduation Celebration and academic achievements in the spirit and traditions of our beautiful Latino culture. Mail: 100 Campus Center, Seaside, CA 93955.19 Nov 2015 2 Mexican Unauthorized Immigrant Population Declines Since 2007 Peak . A wall isnt going to fix anything. you spend 100 -200 milion dollars building .. They are changing our culture from Hot Dogs to tacos ,how can they . before the date of the commission of the crime for which the alien is convicted. 11 May 2013 The complete list of all Latin dating sites that have been reviewed. for those that may closely align with their cultural practices and preferences. More than 100 million visitors view the site every month and over 11 Membership Type: Free - Basic + Contact, Paid Upgrade • Cost: Free to $6.78 / month.
3 Jan 2016 Pop Culture But those are just two in the plethora of dating apps and websites. There are big names like Tinder, OkCupid and Hinge. 12 Dec 1995 There is not a single copy wholly free from mistakes. Erasmus' intention with his edition was to provide a basis for a new Latin translation of the New Testament. of the New Testament have become known in the past 100 years. Handwriting is a product of human culture and as such it is always ang dating daan japan 100 free latin dating culture A country rich in history, tradition and culture, Mexico is made up of 31 states and country in Latin America and has one of the largest populations—more than 100 . The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) of 1994 increased .. such common concerns of daily life as love, marriage, joy, betrayal and hope.White House Adding $100M Program to Tuition-free Community College Push Engaging Families for Latino Student Success in Higher Education. is the best and largest interracial dating site for singles of all races dating Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races and more! and get to know a lot more about each other's ways of life, expectations, and cultures. By just completing our 100% free profile placement you can start meeting
Home > Free Fun > Anniversary and birthday traditions around the world others only the landmark anniversaries – 25, 50, 75 and 100 years - are celebrated. In Mexico, and many other Latin American countries, a girl's 15th birthday or anniversary corresponds with the strength and quality of the marriage at that stage. Home > Free Fun > Anniversary and birthday traditions around the world others only the landmark anniversaries – 25, 50, 75 and 100 years - are celebrated. In Mexico, and many other Latin American countries, a girl's 15th birthday or anniversary corresponds with the strength and quality of the marriage at that stage. dating witty one liners 100 free latin dating culture Login Join for free Since 2012, the more than four million Hispanic-owned businesses in the U.S. . 100, Tallahassee, FL, 36.63, 82, 104 . los Reyes Heredia Associate Professor of Latin American Literature and Cultural Studies Make sure that all your papers are in order and up-to-date;; Seek trustworthy legal advice.Mission Cultural Center has Art Classes, Dances Classes, Art Gallery and Performances in the San Francisco Mission District. DATE, January 5 – March 29 $100 for 12 weeks / Under 21 . FREE DRUMMING CLASSES FOR KIDS 12 Jan 2016 Date Sources. Our free eBook Ten Top Biblical Archaeology Discoveries brings together the .. 100 second-to-last paragraph, and “Sixteen,” p. 51. . Greek, Latin and Rabbinical Sources (Alter Orient und Altes Testament, no. . Near Eastern civilizations have impressed themselves on Western culture.
24 Mar 2010 Latin Numbers can be expressed in both Arabic and Latin numeral notation. Language & Culture Blogs free resources like Latin Word of the Day and our Latin Facebook community, as well as effective Latin language software. i would like to ask how i can write in latin the following date: 29-09-2002. To date, we've scanned more than 20 million books. This free service helps people search scholarly literature such as Today, 100+ hours of video are uploaded every minute and people watch 6 billion Today around 700 bikes are on campus at any given moment—just one sign of Google's cycling-friendly culture. start dating your ex again online 100 free latin dating culture 13 Apr 2016 All events are free and open to the public. Please join us as we examine the roles, cultures and impact on our society six-hour documentary featuring interviews with nearly 100 Latinos and more than 500 years of history.-free-hispanic-dating-sites -free-latin-dating-sites -american-dating-customs 100% Free Online Dating & Personals online dating for everyone including seniors, White singles, Black singles, Asian, Latino, Latina, and everyone else.
Test Your Knowledge: Latino/Hispanic Heritage Facts Quiz. Page 5 called for in addressing cultural heritage . ibbean are immigrants--but their relationship region for the past 100 years. 6. . they were able to return and free more people. Latin Dating Service of Costa Rica is a special sort of place Ticas believe that most men of other countries and cultures are faithful and respectful. Latin Brides is dating your friend's ex wrong delivery 100 free latin dating culture Includes vocabulary, phrases, dictionary, cultural notes, blog, and forum. • Learn Spanish Feel Good-- Over 100 free quizzes on various aspects of Spanish Practice Spanish Online--"Informed, thorough and up-to-date review of the main free Amor de Cartagena is a Latin mail order brides introduction and Latin dating site and cultural demographics, beautiful Caribbean beaches and Latin atmosphere. Winter and Fall editions or about 100 new young ladies quarterly complete with Free international calling! when you utilize Amor De Cartagena's exclusive
Home > Free Fun > Anniversary and birthday traditions around the world others only the landmark anniversaries – 25, 50, 75 and 100 years - are celebrated. In Mexico, and many other Latin American countries, a girl's 15th birthday or anniversary corresponds with the strength and quality of the marriage at that stage. 3 Jan 2016 Pop Culture But those are just two in the plethora of dating apps and websites. There are big names like Tinder, OkCupid and Hinge. h dating uden profile 100 free latin dating culture Early Paracas Culture, South Coast Peru, 300 - 100 BC, Double Spout While these date from the post-colonial period, they owe their inspiration to Spanish Hofstede's cultural dimensions theory is a framework for cross-cultural communication, . Power distance index shows very high scores for Latin and Asian countries, African areas and the Arab world. . activities, small talks and hospitality with preferences for protocol and form in order to first establish the relationship. Free Latino Dating offers advice and tips about dating Latino's. the obvious language factor, is the fact that there is a cultural difference inherent in Latinos.
FREE SHIPPING on CD & Movie Orders Over $40 See Details Action · Adventure · Avant-garde / Experimental · Business · Children's/Family · Comedy · Comedy Drama · Crime · Culture & Society · Dance · Drama Bronze Screen: 100 Years of the Latino Image in Hollywood Format: DVD Release Date: 01/07/2003. Pop culture that plays for your team. Trending. Faking It · Orphan Black · The 100 · Grey's Anatomy Shay Mitchell is open to dating women · "I'm never going dating a 911 dispatcher interview 100 free latin dating culture 12 Dec 1995 There is not a single copy wholly free from mistakes. Erasmus' intention with his edition was to provide a basis for a new Latin translation of the New Testament. of the New Testament have become known in the past 100 years. Handwriting is a product of human culture and as such it is always 24 Mar 2010 I don't have 100 things quite yet, but this list is a definite work in progress, as new Move things, at least until one of the server's hands are free. .. ignorance of hospitality culture is no excuse for treating people like they are less than .. I once went to an overpriced restaurant on a date at the misguided This number of Marcel Proust Aujourd'hui, 'Swann at 100/Swann à 100 ans', brings together fifteen articles, in English and French, that approach Du côté de
24 Mar 2010 Latin Numbers can be expressed in both Arabic and Latin numeral notation. Language & Culture Blogs free resources like Latin Word of the Day and our Latin Facebook community, as well as effective Latin language software. i would like to ask how i can write in latin the following date: 29-09-2002. Learn about latina dating and get helpful tips and advice from Free Stuff · BeingGirl · My Rela Family; Latina Be a Being Girl VIP parents are open to us dating, it is always with peros that are stricter than those in Anglo culture. Now Latina dating is a completely different animal to them than it is to us. dating xhosa woman quotes tumblr 100 free latin dating culture Here are ourTop Ten Mexican singers, who happened to be Latin America's most popular. sold, he has become a cultural icon in Latin America, the quintessential charro (cowboy) Miguel is the ultimate heart throb who has sold over 100 million records to date and one of London's ONLY FREE Latin summer festival. employees — a 50 percent increase over last year — and 2,700 Hispanic employees, a 66 In the last 12 months, we've hired more diverse candidates than in any other year to date. Totals may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding. Montreal's best 100% FREE Latin dating site. Meet thousands of single Latinos in Montreal with Mingle2's free Latin personal ads and chat rooms. Our network
13 Jun 2013 Non-Hispanic whites make up 63 percent of the U.S.; Hispanics, .. I say start giving white people free housing,free food and free most third world nations , south America , African cultures are mostly .. But the truth is, Barack Hussein is no more black than he is white, having been born to a 100% white Hispanic Students Overcoming Cultural Educational Challenges prolific provider of student grants, and Pell Grants represent the deepest pockets for free student aid. . For the the most up to date listings, download the current edition of the directory at ; 100 Hispanic Women-Young Latinas 29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're PLUS walk away with a "goodie bag" worth over $100! ALAC: Investing in a Legacy for our Community of Latino Arts & Culture in the "Heart of Downtown Phoenix. Save the Date for "EVERYDAY FRIDA” @ALAC ! . You can call ALAC @ 602-254-9817 ALL tickets include FREE entrance to the After Party at Sky Lounge new dating apps 2014 100 free latin dating culture 92nd Street Y is a world-class cultural and community center where people all over the world 100% Sport, Harnessing the Power of the Fan . From that date until December 1993 she served as Deputy Leader of the Opposition, . In August 2012, GPP launched the annual Global Citizen Festival — a free ticketed music This essay explores the culture-specific aspects of Latin America which are related to business communication. Building upon the foundation established by the White House Adding $100M Program to Tuition-free Community College Push Engaging Families for Latino Student Success in Higher Education.9 Jun 2010 100+ Stars You Never Knew Were Latino · Afro-Latina Beauty · Inspiring . When The Huffington Post recently did a piece on How to Date an
Join LinkedIn today for free. Nielsen, an S&P 500 company, has operations in over 100 countries that Marketplace Influence Empowers the New Latina · Multiculturalism and diversity are integral elements of American culture. of the year in Canada, on-demand streaming is up more than 336% in year-to-date 15 Oct 2013 No culture gives weight to this desire more than the Hispanic culture, and I think it's We'd set up a date, and a few days before it came around, she'd text me about the only night este pequeno Diablo has free, take it or leave it. well you know us Latin Women everything you wrote is 100% Accurate. Early Paracas Culture, South Coast Peru, 300 - 100 BC, Double Spout While these date from the post-colonial period, they owe their inspiration to Spanish Meet thousands of latina singles in the Las Vegas, Nevada dating area today. at times; however, we are here to help and our Las Vegas online dating service is free to register. I like Hispanic culture I have been learning spanish for a while. m a 100% salvadorian and shy latina looking for someone special to make real life dating zambia jobs 100 free latin dating culture 13 Aug 2014 File:Latin and Ancient Greek Language - Culture - Linguistics at Duke University in From Wikimedia Commons, the free media repository Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time. timestamp is only as accurate as the clock in the camera, and it may be completely wrong.Billboard - Music Charts, Music News, Artist Photo Gallery and Free Video. Music Photos of 2016: May. The Hot 100 Drake Featuring WizKid & Kyla. Billboard 200 Drake Prince Royce's Top Ranking Hot Latin Songs Chart Tracks: Watch Pharrell Williams to Chair Inaugural ComplexCon Pop Culture Festival · Podcasts 24 Mar 2010 I don't have 100 things quite yet, but this list is a definite work in progress, as new Move things, at least until one of the server's hands are free. .. ignorance of hospitality culture is no excuse for treating people like they are less than .. I once went to an overpriced restaurant on a date at the misguided Results 1 - 10 of 142 Ethnic origin is Hispanic / Latino black latino male , single living in london. into sports , music , enjoying Good listener, good manners, good cultural level, no baggage, no children, no . 100% completely free dating.
Discover a wide world of multi-cultural concerts, lectures, food tastings washington dc and will keep you up-to-date with multi-cultural festivals, entertaining fans throughout the U.S., Latin America and the Middle East. theater companies, free Millennium Stage performances, a literature series, film Discover a meta collection of Free textbooks (or "open textbooks") written by Latin Text, Study Aids with Vocabulary, and Commentary, by Mathew Owen and PLUS walk away with a "goodie bag" worth over $100! ALAC: Investing in a Legacy for our Community of Latino Arts & Culture in the "Heart of Downtown Phoenix. Save the Date for "EVERYDAY FRIDA” @ALAC ! . You can call ALAC @ 602-254-9817 ALL tickets include FREE entrance to the After Party at Sky Lounge The Townsville Cultural Festival is a completely not-for-profit festival organised by the blues and hip-hop, to Indigenous Australian music, African drum circles, as well as Latin, Pacific Stay up to date with the latest news and happenings. how to email on online dating examples 100 free latin dating culture Free Latino Dating offers advice and tips about dating Latino's. the obvious language factor, is the fact that there is a cultural difference inherent in Latinos.Hispanic Students Overcoming Cultural Educational Challenges prolific provider of student grants, and Pell Grants represent the deepest pockets for free student aid. . For the the most up to date listings, download the current edition of the directory at ; 100 Hispanic Women-Young Latinas LATIN FOR GENEALOGISTS Aspects of society and culture: kinship, beliefs, economy, and political order . CHEM 100: ELEMENTARY COLLEGE CHEMISTRY and theory; media regulation and policy; relationship between law and ethics; key Designed for teachers, this course explores how free, easily accessible, 13 Apr 2014 The first type of websites are latin marriage agencies, that charge up to $ 10000 for so called Single Parties. Unfortunately, many of these dating sites are 100 % fake and in the following Register now for free! . Why Colombian Women · Colombian women culture · About Bogota · Colombia Travel Info.
To help promote knowledge of free software that isn't GNU software distributed by the FSF, we have The FSF is not responsible for the contents of other web sites, or how up-to-date they are. A Spanish introduction to free software. Fundația Ceata, Romanian foundation fighting for Free Software and Free Culture.May 11. Choose a date Na'an Stop. Sandbar Mexican Restaurant & Tequila Bar . Spring into Health: Offers Free Nutrition & Diabetes Education Classes. 1 Mar 2016 GEOG 100 Environment and Sustainability The course will focus on the economic, cultural, and environmental relationship among core, peripheral, and semi-peripheral regions. . This course studies the physical and human characteristics of Latin America, 250–370–3000; 1–877–554–7555 (toll-free).-free-hispanic-dating-sites -free-latin-dating-sites -american-dating-customs dating over 50 bristol engeland 100 free latin dating culture 12 Oct 2012 100 Free Things to Do in Los Angeles: Free Museums educational center and museum dedicated to the study of the arts and cultures of of Fame and also highlights great moments in classical and Latin music, jazz and rock & roll. two homes dating from the 1840s and 1920s, and a private cemetery.Learn about latina dating and get helpful tips and advice from Free Stuff · BeingGirl · My Rela Family; Latina Be a Being Girl VIP parents are open to us dating, it is always with peros that are stricter than those in Anglo culture. Now Latina dating is a completely different animal to them than it is to us. 1 Jun 2012 Since the ancient world, marriage has evolved from a preservation of Our free email newsletters and men have taken multiple wives in cultures throughout the world, The purpose of marriage was the production of heirs, as implied by the Latin word matrimonium, which is derived from mater (mother).Sign-up for free Latin dating website used by thousands of UK singles daily. While it might catch you off guard, it's completely normal in the Latin culture.
26 Aug 2015 Apps like Tinder are a symptom of gender imbalance in the dating market. Sign up to follow, and we'll e-mail you free updates as they're published. When there are plenty of marriageable men, dating culture emphasizes Similarly, in a dating pool that starts out with 140 women and 100 men, the Here are ourTop Ten Mexican singers, who happened to be Latin America's most popular. sold, he has become a cultural icon in Latin America, the quintessential charro (cowboy) Miguel is the ultimate heart throb who has sold over 100 million records to date and one of London's ONLY FREE Latin summer festival. This collection features audio collections reflecting music, art and culture. Art 100 numerals 100 roman 100 DATE ARCHIVED . Free 20s Jazz Collection.FREE SHIPPING on CD & Movie Orders Over $40 See Details Action · Adventure · Avant-garde / Experimental · Business · Children's/Family · Comedy · Comedy Drama · Crime · Culture & Society · Dance · Drama Bronze Screen: 100 Years of the Latino Image in Hollywood Format: DVD Release Date: 01/07/2003. dating a divorced man 10 years older girlfriend 100 free latin dating culture Valentine's Day, also known as Saint Valentine's Day or the Feast of Saint Valentine, is a . While the European folk traditions connected with Saint Valentine and St. . Chaucer most probably predated all of them but, due to the difficulty of dating .. arrested more than 100 Muslim couples concerning the celebration ban.92nd Street Y is a world-class cultural and community center where people all over the world 100% Sport, Harnessing the Power of the Fan . From that date until December 1993 she served as Deputy Leader of the Opposition, . In August 2012, GPP launched the annual Global Citizen Festival — a free ticketed music 29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're Hispanic culture is about a heck of a lot more than tacos. Check out the Emancipation is when slaves were set free. Puerto Ricans I'm 100% Puerto Rican.
29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're This number of Marcel Proust Aujourd'hui, 'Swann at 100/Swann à 100 ans', brings together fifteen articles, in English and French, that approach Du côté de Hispanic Students Overcoming Cultural Educational Challenges prolific provider of student grants, and Pell Grants represent the deepest pockets for free student aid. . For the the most up to date listings, download the current edition of the directory at ; 100 Hispanic Women-Young Latinas Santa Fe Bandstand is a free music festival at the Historic Downtown Plaza and other locations. Over 100 Rock, Country, Native American, Jazz, and Mariachi bands play for detail, paint and upholster these favorite symbols of Hispanic culture. retablos, and crucifijos dating from the late 1700s to 1900 which illustrate the dating younger guys in your 20s outfits 100 free latin dating culture Latin Dating Service of Costa Rica is a special sort of place Ticas believe that most men of other countries and cultures are faithful and respectful. Latin Brides 19 Nov 2015 2 Mexican Unauthorized Immigrant Population Declines Since 2007 Peak . A wall isnt going to fix anything. you spend 100 -200 milion dollars building .. They are changing our culture from Hot Dogs to tacos ,how can they . before the date of the commission of the crime for which the alien is convicted. The organization was established as a place where Chicano/Latino artists were and preserve the Chicano/Latino culture through the expression of the arts. FREE 3rd Saturday Kids Art Workshop: Mexican Tissue Paper Flowers We are in the process of planning our Biggest Fundraiser “Cien por Cien” or 100 for 100!24 Mar 2010 I don't have 100 things quite yet, but this list is a definite work in progress, as new Move things, at least until one of the server's hands are free. .. ignorance of hospitality culture is no excuse for treating people like they are less than .. I once went to an overpriced restaurant on a date at the misguided
LATIN FOR GENEALOGISTS Aspects of society and culture: kinship, beliefs, economy, and political order . CHEM 100: ELEMENTARY COLLEGE CHEMISTRY and theory; media regulation and policy; relationship between law and ethics; key Designed for teachers, this course explores how free, easily accessible, Billboard - Music Charts, Music News, Artist Photo Gallery and Free Video. Music Photos of 2016: May. The Hot 100 Drake Featuring WizKid & Kyla. Billboard 200 Drake Prince Royce's Top Ranking Hot Latin Songs Chart Tracks: Watch Pharrell Williams to Chair Inaugural ComplexCon Pop Culture Festival · Podcasts Explore the culture, language and national identity of eight countries through their 50%, 75%, 100%, 125%, 150%, 175%, 200%, 300%, 400% This free online course will take you on a journey through a number of to the modern day, from Russia to Europe and all the way to Latin America. Date to be announced Dating Latino Free is the #1 choice for single Latino's wanting advice on dating. You see, as part of the culture, the Latino people have a strong family bond. best online dating site thailand 100 free latin dating culture 92nd Street Y is a world-class cultural and community center where people all over the world 100% Sport, Harnessing the Power of the Fan . From that date until December 1993 she served as Deputy Leader of the Opposition, . In August 2012, GPP launched the annual Global Citizen Festival — a free ticketed music 11 May 2013 The complete list of all Latin dating sites that have been reviewed. for those that may closely align with their cultural practices and preferences. More than 100 million visitors view the site every month and over 11 Membership Type: Free - Basic + Contact, Paid Upgrade • Cost: Free to $6.78 / month. Explore a wide range of academic, cultural, and athletic events happening every day at Columbia. Except as noted, all events are open to the public, and most are free. Upcoming Events. Load more events. Date Navigation Widget. PrevNext.Of or relating to the peoples, countries, or cultures of Latin America. b. Of or relating to Latinos Old Latin - the oldest recorded Latin (dating back at early as the 6th century B.C.) .. Dictionary of Medieval Latin complete after 100 year project.
Early Paracas Culture, South Coast Peru, 300 - 100 BC, Double Spout While these date from the post-colonial period, they owe their inspiration to Spanish Amor de Cartagena is a Latin mail order brides introduction and Latin dating site and cultural demographics, beautiful Caribbean beaches and Latin atmosphere. Winter and Fall editions or about 100 new young ladies quarterly complete with Free international calling! when you utilize Amor De Cartagena's exclusive This collection features audio collections reflecting music, art and culture. Art 100 numerals 100 roman 100 DATE ARCHIVED . Free 20s Jazz Collection.Latin Dating Service of Costa Rica is a special sort of place Ticas believe that most men of other countries and cultures are faithful and respectful. Latin Brides dating quote funny life 100 free latin dating culture Of or relating to the peoples, countries, or cultures of Latin America. b. Of or relating to Latinos Old Latin - the oldest recorded Latin (dating back at early as the 6th century B.C.) .. Dictionary of Medieval Latin complete after 100 year project.To help promote knowledge of free software that isn't GNU software distributed by the FSF, we have The FSF is not responsible for the contents of other web sites, or how up-to-date they are. A Spanish introduction to free software. Fundația Ceata, Romanian foundation fighting for Free Software and Free Culture. Sign-up for free Latin dating website used by thousands of UK singles daily. While it might catch you off guard, it's completely normal in the Latin culture.Early Paracas Culture, South Coast Peru, 300 - 100 BC, Double Spout While these date from the post-colonial period, they owe their inspiration to Spanish
May 11. Choose a date Na'an Stop. Sandbar Mexican Restaurant & Tequila Bar . Spring into Health: Offers Free Nutrition & Diabetes Education Classes.Login Join for free Since 2012, the more than four million Hispanic-owned businesses in the U.S. . 100, Tallahassee, FL, 36.63, 82, 104 . los Reyes Heredia Associate Professor of Latin American Literature and Cultural Studies Make sure that all your papers are in order and up-to-date;; Seek trustworthy legal advice. 100% Free Online Dating & Personals online dating for everyone including seniors, White singles, Black singles, Asian, Latino, Latina, and everyone else.24 Mar 2010 Latin Numbers can be expressed in both Arabic and Latin numeral notation. Language & Culture Blogs free resources like Latin Word of the Day and our Latin Facebook community, as well as effective Latin language software. i would like to ask how i can write in latin the following date: 29-09-2002. internet dating quotes funny english 100 free latin dating culture 100% Free Online Dating & Personals online dating for everyone including seniors, White singles, Black singles, Asian, Latino, Latina, and everyone else.Find Latina Women for Dates, Love, Marriage and Social Network – Join us to 100% FREE Latin Dating site; Join free and use ALL features for free; Find a lot Includes vocabulary, phrases, dictionary, cultural notes, blog, and forum. • Learn Spanish Feel Good-- Over 100 free quizzes on various aspects of Spanish Practice Spanish Online--"Informed, thorough and up-to-date review of the main free
Latin Dating Service of Costa Rica is a special sort of place Ticas believe that most men of other countries and cultures are faithful and respectful. Latin Brides Encyclopedia of World Cultures Further reading. NON JS MONETARY UNIT: The Bahamas dollar (b$) of 100 cents has been in use since May 1966. As of If you want to immerse yourself in the world of Latin dating, then why not search We are one of the few Latin Dating Websites that is completely 100% free.15 Oct 2013 No culture gives weight to this desire more than the Hispanic culture, and I think it's We'd set up a date, and a few days before it came around, she'd text me about the only night este pequeno Diablo has free, take it or leave it. well you know us Latin Women everything you wrote is 100% Accurate. dating skills review rsd zeist 100 free latin dating culture 13 Jan 2011 latin culture dating rules latin culture teen dating matches 100 free dating sites in phillippin 100 percent free australian dating chat dating Latin Dating Service of Costa Rica is a special sort of place Ticas believe that most men of other countries and cultures are faithful and respectful. Latin Brides 26 Aug 2015 Apps like Tinder are a symptom of gender imbalance in the dating market. Sign up to follow, and we'll e-mail you free updates as they're published. When there are plenty of marriageable men, dating culture emphasizes Similarly, in a dating pool that starts out with 140 women and 100 men, the 100% FREE MEXICAN DATING FOR LOVERS! You've FREE! Enjoy mexican dating and mexican personals whenever you want. dating in mexican culture
The Townsville Cultural Festival is a completely not-for-profit festival organised by the blues and hip-hop, to Indigenous Australian music, African drum circles, as well as Latin, Pacific Stay up to date with the latest news and happenings.1st Ever "Colorado Latino Festival" Coming to Colorado June 26th . You Need to Know About Cinco de Mayo Before You Offend an Entire Culture . Detention Nation Exhibit Now Thru May 27th FREE! . 100 E 9th Ave, Denver, Colorado 80203 .. Jessica Montour · Music · Networking · News · Politics · Save the Date Montreal's best 100% FREE Latin dating site. Meet thousands of single Latinos in Montreal with Mingle2's free Latin personal ads and chat rooms. Our network 4 Jan 2013 How the flirting practices in English-speaking cultures cause long-term on derogatory flirting is because it's a shitty way to instigate a sexual relationship. . First, one is never 100% sure of other's intentions, again leading to that Sex is a large part of machismo culture for Latin men, but there's no social badoo dating canada montreal geneve 100 free latin dating culture Find Latina Women for Dates, Love, Marriage and Social Network – Join us to 100% FREE Latin Dating site; Join free and use ALL features for free; Find a lot employees — a 50 percent increase over last year — and 2,700 Hispanic employees, a 66 In the last 12 months, we've hired more diverse candidates than in any other year to date. Totals may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding. To date, we've scanned more than 20 million books. This free service helps people search scholarly literature such as Today, 100+ hours of video are uploaded every minute and people watch 6 billion Today around 700 bikes are on campus at any given moment—just one sign of Google's cycling-friendly culture.This number of Marcel Proust Aujourd'hui, 'Swann at 100/Swann à 100 ans', brings together fifteen articles, in English and French, that approach Du côté de
Home > Free Fun > Anniversary and birthday traditions around the world others only the landmark anniversaries – 25, 50, 75 and 100 years - are celebrated. In Mexico, and many other Latin American countries, a girl's 15th birthday or anniversary corresponds with the strength and quality of the marriage at that stage.24 Apr 2014 The best novels by Latin American authors or set in Latin America Privacy and cookiesJobsDatingOffersShopPuzzlesInvestor SubscribeRegisterLog in . Beginning life as a letter to her dying, 100-year-old grandfather, the . We celebrate and remember the culture stars who have passed away in 2016 Here are ourTop Ten Mexican singers, who happened to be Latin America's most popular. sold, he has become a cultural icon in Latin America, the quintessential charro (cowboy) Miguel is the ultimate heart throb who has sold over 100 million records to date and one of London's ONLY FREE Latin summer festival. z u k free dating sites 100 free latin dating culture To help promote knowledge of free software that isn't GNU software distributed by the FSF, we have The FSF is not responsible for the contents of other web sites, or how up-to-date they are. A Spanish introduction to free software. Fundația Ceata, Romanian foundation fighting for Free Software and Free Culture. is the best and largest interracial dating site for singles of all races dating Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races and more! and get to know a lot more about each other's ways of life, expectations, and cultures. By just completing our 100% free profile placement you can start meeting Looking For A Free To Join Interracial Dating Community? Join Interracial Dating Central And Start Meeting 1000's Of Single Men & Women Today! Join Now!Results 1 - 10 of 142 Ethnic origin is Hispanic / Latino black latino male , single living in london. into sports , music , enjoying Good listener, good manners, good cultural level, no baggage, no children, no . 100% completely free dating.
Free downloads · Office resources · SharePoint Server 2013 resources · SQL Server NET Framework 4 supports a minimum of 354 cultures, compared to a to the existing cultures Inuktitut (Syllabics, Canada) and Inuktitut (Latin, Canada), date and time formats, day and month names, A.M. and P.M. designators, and Explore the culture, language and national identity of eight countries through their 50%, 75%, 100%, 125%, 150%, 175%, 200%, 300%, 400% This free online course will take you on a journey through a number of to the modern day, from Russia to Europe and all the way to Latin America. Date to be announced Of or relating to the peoples, countries, or cultures of Latin America. b. Of or relating to Latinos Old Latin - the oldest recorded Latin (dating back at early as the 6th century B.C.) .. Dictionary of Medieval Latin complete after 100 year project.26 Aug 2015 Apps like Tinder are a symptom of gender imbalance in the dating market. Sign up to follow, and we'll e-mail you free updates as they're published. When there are plenty of marriageable men, dating culture emphasizes Similarly, in a dating pool that starts out with 140 women and 100 men, the gta v dating amanda rosenberg 100 free latin dating culture : Dance Between Two Cultures: Latino Caribbean Literature Written in the United States FREE Shipping on orders with at least $25 of books.13 Jan 2011 latin culture dating rules latin culture teen dating matches 100 free dating sites in phillippin 100 percent free australian dating chat dating LATIN FOR GENEALOGISTS Aspects of society and culture: kinship, beliefs, economy, and political order . CHEM 100: ELEMENTARY COLLEGE CHEMISTRY and theory; media regulation and policy; relationship between law and ethics; key Designed for teachers, this course explores how free, easily accessible, To help promote knowledge of free software that isn't GNU software distributed by the FSF, we have The FSF is not responsible for the contents of other web sites, or how up-to-date they are. A Spanish introduction to free software. Fundația Ceata, Romanian foundation fighting for Free Software and Free Culture.
1st Ever "Colorado Latino Festival" Coming to Colorado June 26th . You Need to Know About Cinco de Mayo Before You Offend an Entire Culture . Detention Nation Exhibit Now Thru May 27th FREE! . 100 E 9th Ave, Denver, Colorado 80203 .. Jessica Montour · Music · Networking · News · Politics · Save the Date This product is manufactured in our Grand Island, US facility and is intended for sale in North America, Latin America, and the Asia/Pacific region—higher freight Here are ourTop Ten Mexican singers, who happened to be Latin America's most popular. sold, he has become a cultural icon in Latin America, the quintessential charro (cowboy) Miguel is the ultimate heart throb who has sold over 100 million records to date and one of London's ONLY FREE Latin summer festival.If you want to immerse yourself in the world of Latin dating, then why not search We are one of the few Latin Dating Websites that is completely 100% free. k international dating jamaican 100 free latin dating culture LATIN FOR GENEALOGISTS Aspects of society and culture: kinship, beliefs, economy, and political order . CHEM 100: ELEMENTARY COLLEGE CHEMISTRY and theory; media regulation and policy; relationship between law and ethics; key Designed for teachers, this course explores how free, easily accessible, Hispanic Students Overcoming Cultural Educational Challenges prolific provider of student grants, and Pell Grants represent the deepest pockets for free student aid. . For the the most up to date listings, download the current edition of the directory at ; 100 Hispanic Women-Young Latinas 100% Free Online Dating & Personals online dating for everyone including seniors, White singles, Black singles, Asian, Latino, Latina, and everyone else.11 May 2013 The complete list of all Latin dating sites that have been reviewed. for those that may closely align with their cultural practices and preferences. More than 100 million visitors view the site every month and over 11 Membership Type: Free - Basic + Contact, Paid Upgrade • Cost: Free to $6.78 / month.
PLUS walk away with a "goodie bag" worth over $100! ALAC: Investing in a Legacy for our Community of Latino Arts & Culture in the "Heart of Downtown Phoenix. Save the Date for "EVERYDAY FRIDA” @ALAC ! . You can call ALAC @ 602-254-9817 ALL tickets include FREE entrance to the After Party at Sky Lounge Explore the culture, language and national identity of eight countries through their 50%, 75%, 100%, 125%, 150%, 175%, 200%, 300%, 400% This free online course will take you on a journey through a number of to the modern day, from Russia to Europe and all the way to Latin America. Date to be announced 1 Jun 2012 Since the ancient world, marriage has evolved from a preservation of Our free email newsletters and men have taken multiple wives in cultures throughout the world, The purpose of marriage was the production of heirs, as implied by the Latin word matrimonium, which is derived from mater (mother).To help promote knowledge of free software that isn't GNU software distributed by the FSF, we have The FSF is not responsible for the contents of other web sites, or how up-to-date they are. A Spanish introduction to free software. Fundația Ceata, Romanian foundation fighting for Free Software and Free Culture. dating nerd guy 100 free latin dating culture 100% FREE MEXICAN DATING FOR LOVERS! You've FREE! Enjoy mexican dating and mexican personals whenever you want. dating in mexican cultureThis collection features audio collections reflecting music, art and culture. Art 100 numerals 100 roman 100 DATE ARCHIVED . Free 20s Jazz Collection. 13 Apr 2011If you call a person from Spain hispanic - they will get offended. Why? who rapped, killed Incredible Pizza – 300×100 · Indochine 300×100 · Bluewater Summer – 300×100 I have been neutered, microchipped and up to date with my vaccines.
-free-hispanic-dating-sites -free-latin-dating-sites -american-dating-customs Sign-up for free Latin dating website used by thousands of UK singles daily. While it might catch you off guard, it's completely normal in the Latin culture. 4 Jan 2013 How the flirting practices in English-speaking cultures cause long-term on derogatory flirting is because it's a shitty way to instigate a sexual relationship. . First, one is never 100% sure of other's intentions, again leading to that Sex is a large part of machismo culture for Latin men, but there's no social 1 Mar 2016 GEOG 100 Environment and Sustainability The course will focus on the economic, cultural, and environmental relationship among core, peripheral, and semi-peripheral regions. . This course studies the physical and human characteristics of Latin America, 250–370–3000; 1–877–554–7555 (toll-free). la vue dating app studenten 100 free latin dating culture FREE SHIPPING on CD & Movie Orders Over $40 See Details Action · Adventure · Avant-garde / Experimental · Business · Children's/Family · Comedy · Comedy Drama · Crime · Culture & Society · Dance · Drama Bronze Screen: 100 Years of the Latino Image in Hollywood Format: DVD Release Date: 01/07/2003.Date: May 20, 2016 It is FREE to participate! 19th Annual Chicana/o Latina/o Graduation Celebration and academic achievements in the spirit and traditions of our beautiful Latino culture. Mail: 100 Campus Center, Seaside, CA 93955. 20 Apr 2013 Traditional Latin culture tends to be traditional and unwavering, while but then had great success with online dating – download my free 100+ 26 Aug 2015 Apps like Tinder are a symptom of gender imbalance in the dating market. Sign up to follow, and we'll e-mail you free updates as they're published. When there are plenty of marriageable men, dating culture emphasizes Similarly, in a dating pool that starts out with 140 women and 100 men, the
12 Dec 1995 There is not a single copy wholly free from mistakes. Erasmus' intention with his edition was to provide a basis for a new Latin translation of the New Testament. of the New Testament have become known in the past 100 years. Handwriting is a product of human culture and as such it is always To date, we've scanned more than 20 million books. This free service helps people search scholarly literature such as Today, 100+ hours of video are uploaded every minute and people watch 6 billion Today around 700 bikes are on campus at any given moment—just one sign of Google's cycling-friendly culture. White House Adding $100M Program to Tuition-free Community College Push Engaging Families for Latino Student Success in Higher Education.Montreal's best 100% FREE Latin dating site. Meet thousands of single Latinos in Montreal with Mingle2's free Latin personal ads and chat rooms. Our network dating 1 month birthday gift registry 100 free latin dating culture Login Join for free Since 2012, the more than four million Hispanic-owned businesses in the U.S. . 100, Tallahassee, FL, 36.63, 82, 104 . los Reyes Heredia Associate Professor of Latin American Literature and Cultural Studies Make sure that all your papers are in order and up-to-date;; Seek trustworthy legal advice.4 Sep 2009 萵?, dating free indiana m orkut, >:)), culture dating, jugb, .. latino , xmyspn,. : Dance Between Two Cultures: Latino Caribbean Literature Written in the United States FREE Shipping on orders with at least $25 of books.On view now through September 17, 2016 at the Mexican Cultural Institute Through 100 works on paper, the exhibit highlights the evolution of Mexico's artistic in a session titled A Date with the Aztec Goddess Mayahuel focusing on the agave. This is not a cooking demonstration and is free and open to the public.
1 Jun 2012 Since the ancient world, marriage has evolved from a preservation of Our free email newsletters and men have taken multiple wives in cultures throughout the world, The purpose of marriage was the production of heirs, as implied by the Latin word matrimonium, which is derived from mater (mother).13 Jan 2011 latin culture dating rules latin culture teen dating matches 100 free dating sites in phillippin 100 percent free australian dating chat dating A country rich in history, tradition and culture, Mexico is made up of 31 states and country in Latin America and has one of the largest populations—more than 100 . The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) of 1994 increased .. such common concerns of daily life as love, marriage, joy, betrayal and hope.Discover a meta collection of Free textbooks (or "open textbooks") written by Latin Text, Study Aids with Vocabulary, and Commentary, by Mathew Owen and dating sites over 60's free xbox 100 free latin dating culture 13 Jun 2013 Non-Hispanic whites make up 63 percent of the U.S.; Hispanics, .. I say start giving white people free housing,free food and free most third world nations , south America , African cultures are mostly .. But the truth is, Barack Hussein is no more black than he is white, having been born to a 100% white Hispanic Students Overcoming Cultural Educational Challenges prolific provider of student grants, and Pell Grants represent the deepest pockets for free student aid. . For the the most up to date listings, download the current edition of the directory at ; 100 Hispanic Women-Young Latinas Includes vocabulary, phrases, dictionary, cultural notes, blog, and forum. • Learn Spanish Feel Good-- Over 100 free quizzes on various aspects of Spanish Practice Spanish Online--"Informed, thorough and up-to-date review of the main free employees — a 50 percent increase over last year — and 2,700 Hispanic employees, a 66 In the last 12 months, we've hired more diverse candidates than in any other year to date. Totals may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding.
26 Aug 2015 Apps like Tinder are a symptom of gender imbalance in the dating market. Sign up to follow, and we'll e-mail you free updates as they're published. When there are plenty of marriageable men, dating culture emphasizes Similarly, in a dating pool that starts out with 140 women and 100 men, the ARTEMIS provides full-text critical articles, literary and cultural analysis, and biographies for providing 100% full-text, online access to over 400 prestigious humanities and from the first volume through to two to five years before today's date are available Access this free digital library to find literary materials in Spanish Valentine's Day, also known as Saint Valentine's Day or the Feast of Saint Valentine, is a . While the European folk traditions connected with Saint Valentine and St. . Chaucer most probably predated all of them but, due to the difficulty of dating .. arrested more than 100 Muslim couples concerning the celebration ban.13 Apr 2011If you call a person from Spain hispanic - they will get offended. Why? who rapped, killed k online dating site review match comments 100 free latin dating culture 29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're Valentine's Day, also known as Saint Valentine's Day or the Feast of Saint Valentine, is a . While the European folk traditions connected with Saint Valentine and St. . Chaucer most probably predated all of them but, due to the difficulty of dating .. arrested more than 100 Muslim couples concerning the celebration ban. Billboard - Music Charts, Music News, Artist Photo Gallery and Free Video. Music Photos of 2016: May. The Hot 100 Drake Featuring WizKid & Kyla. Billboard 200 Drake Prince Royce's Top Ranking Hot Latin Songs Chart Tracks: Watch Pharrell Williams to Chair Inaugural ComplexCon Pop Culture Festival · Podcasts 4 Jan 2013 How the flirting practices in English-speaking cultures cause long-term on derogatory flirting is because it's a shitty way to instigate a sexual relationship. . First, one is never 100% sure of other's intentions, again leading to that Sex is a large part of machismo culture for Latin men, but there's no social
100% FREE MEXICAN DATING FOR LOVERS! You've FREE! Enjoy mexican dating and mexican personals whenever you want. dating in mexican cultureThis number of Marcel Proust Aujourd'hui, 'Swann at 100/Swann à 100 ans', brings together fifteen articles, in English and French, that approach Du côté de 92nd Street Y is a world-class cultural and community center where people all over the world 100% Sport, Harnessing the Power of the Fan . From that date until December 1993 she served as Deputy Leader of the Opposition, . In August 2012, GPP launched the annual Global Citizen Festival — a free ticketed music The organization was established as a place where Chicano/Latino artists were and preserve the Chicano/Latino culture through the expression of the arts. FREE 3rd Saturday Kids Art Workshop: Mexican Tissue Paper Flowers We are in the process of planning our Biggest Fundraiser “Cien por Cien” or 100 for 100! are you dating an abuser quiz 100 free latin dating culture The expectations in Hispanic culture appear outdated in the modern dating world. but the typical contemporary Hispanic doesn't want to completely lose the PLUS walk away with a "goodie bag" worth over $100! ALAC: Investing in a Legacy for our Community of Latino Arts & Culture in the "Heart of Downtown Phoenix. Save the Date for "EVERYDAY FRIDA” @ALAC ! . You can call ALAC @ 602-254-9817 ALL tickets include FREE entrance to the After Party at Sky Lounge Results 1 - 10 of 142 Ethnic origin is Hispanic / Latino black latino male , single living in london. into sports , music , enjoying Good listener, good manners, good cultural level, no baggage, no children, no . 100% completely free dating.13 Aug 2014 File:Latin and Ancient Greek Language - Culture - Linguistics at Duke University in From Wikimedia Commons, the free media repository Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time. timestamp is only as accurate as the clock in the camera, and it may be completely wrong.
12 Jan 2016 Date Sources. Our free eBook Ten Top Biblical Archaeology Discoveries brings together the .. 100 second-to-last paragraph, and “Sixteen,” p. 51. . Greek, Latin and Rabbinical Sources (Alter Orient und Altes Testament, no. . Near Eastern civilizations have impressed themselves on Western culture.Explore the culture, language and national identity of eight countries through their 50%, 75%, 100%, 125%, 150%, 175%, 200%, 300%, 400% This free online course will take you on a journey through a number of to the modern day, from Russia to Europe and all the way to Latin America. Date to be announced Montreal's best 100% FREE Latin dating site. Meet thousands of single Latinos in Montreal with Mingle2's free Latin personal ads and chat rooms. Our network The best latino and latina dating site to meet men and women looking for Browse our members and hook up with other hispanic singles. Sign up for FREE 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100 If you share a love for hispanic food, Salsa dancing, or latin music and latin culture, rules for dating my daughter yahoo 100 free latin dating culture Find Latina Women for Dates, Love, Marriage and Social Network – Join us to 100% FREE Latin Dating site; Join free and use ALL features for free; Find a lot Dating Latino Free is the #1 choice for single Latino's wanting advice on dating. You see, as part of the culture, the Latino people have a strong family bond. Home > Free Fun > Anniversary and birthday traditions around the world others only the landmark anniversaries – 25, 50, 75 and 100 years - are celebrated. In Mexico, and many other Latin American countries, a girl's 15th birthday or anniversary corresponds with the strength and quality of the marriage at that stage.The expectations in Hispanic culture appear outdated in the modern dating world. but the typical contemporary Hispanic doesn't want to completely lose the
13 Apr 2014 The first type of websites are latin marriage agencies, that charge up to $ 10000 for so called Single Parties. Unfortunately, many of these dating sites are 100 % fake and in the following Register now for free! . Why Colombian Women · Colombian women culture · About Bogota · Colombia Travel Info.Here are ourTop Ten Mexican singers, who happened to be Latin America's most popular. sold, he has become a cultural icon in Latin America, the quintessential charro (cowboy) Miguel is the ultimate heart throb who has sold over 100 million records to date and one of London's ONLY FREE Latin summer festival. 14 Sep 2012 Throw in a language barrier and culture gap and you're lost in a strange new game … and dating etiquette as they are viewed differently by Latin men. we expect from guys in Latin America is completely different,” Beth said. machismo roots of man-pays-all dates at the door and enjoy the free ride.29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're dating someone older by 8 years experience 100 free latin dating culture 12 Oct 2012 100 Free Things to Do in Los Angeles: Free Museums educational center and museum dedicated to the study of the arts and cultures of of Fame and also highlights great moments in classical and Latin music, jazz and rock & roll. two homes dating from the 1840s and 1920s, and a private cemetery.Latin Dating Service of Costa Rica is a special sort of place Ticas believe that most men of other countries and cultures are faithful and respectful. Latin Brides The specialists for international, intercultural, interracial online dating. Members from over 170 countries; 100% individually checked profiles; Free to join, Many persons attracted to persons of a different race or culture felt forced to date Asian, Latinas and Latinos and all other shades and colors, who complained to us 26 Feb 2016 I'm free. I woke up the other morning, and I was just happy. Getting dressed, going I was with the LGBT Center in New York, and they have a Trans Latina group. . Well, it's near impossible to get it right 100 percent of the time. To date, the M•A•C AIDS Fund has donated more than 24 million dollars to
Explore the culture, language and national identity of eight countries through their 50%, 75%, 100%, 125%, 150%, 175%, 200%, 300%, 400% This free online course will take you on a journey through a number of to the modern day, from Russia to Europe and all the way to Latin America. Date to be announced Meet the California Latinos who help run one of Mexico's largest mosques . Get Fusion. Let's take our relationship to the next level. . 151124-working-for-free. Results 1 - 10 of 142 Ethnic origin is Hispanic / Latino black latino male , single living in london. into sports , music , enjoying Good listener, good manners, good cultural level, no baggage, no children, no . 100% completely free dating.A country rich in history, tradition and culture, Mexico is made up of 31 states and country in Latin America and has one of the largest populations—more than 100 . The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) of 1994 increased .. such common concerns of daily life as love, marriage, joy, betrayal and hope. dating an older gemini man youtube 100 free latin dating culture On view now through September 17, 2016 at the Mexican Cultural Institute Through 100 works on paper, the exhibit highlights the evolution of Mexico's artistic in a session titled A Date with the Aztec Goddess Mayahuel focusing on the agave. This is not a cooking demonstration and is free and open to the public.The organization was established as a place where Chicano/Latino artists were and preserve the Chicano/Latino culture through the expression of the arts. FREE 3rd Saturday Kids Art Workshop: Mexican Tissue Paper Flowers We are in the process of planning our Biggest Fundraiser “Cien por Cien” or 100 for 100! 13 Apr 2014 The first type of websites are latin marriage agencies, that charge up to $ 10000 for so called Single Parties. Unfortunately, many of these dating sites are 100 % fake and in the following Register now for free! . Why Colombian Women · Colombian women culture · About Bogota · Colombia Travel Info.The best latino and latina dating site to meet men and women looking for Browse our members and hook up with other hispanic singles. Sign up for FREE 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100 If you share a love for hispanic food, Salsa dancing, or latin music and latin culture,
Incredible Pizza – 300×100 · Indochine 300×100 · Bluewater Summer – 300×100 I have been neutered, microchipped and up to date with my vaccines.15 Oct 2013 No culture gives weight to this desire more than the Hispanic culture, and I think it's We'd set up a date, and a few days before it came around, she'd text me about the only night este pequeno Diablo has free, take it or leave it. well you know us Latin Women everything you wrote is 100% Accurate. A country rich in history, tradition and culture, Mexico is made up of 31 states and country in Latin America and has one of the largest populations—more than 100 . The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) of 1994 increased .. such common concerns of daily life as love, marriage, joy, betrayal and hope.12 Oct 2012 100 Free Things to Do in Los Angeles: Free Museums educational center and museum dedicated to the study of the arts and cultures of of Fame and also highlights great moments in classical and Latin music, jazz and rock & roll. two homes dating from the 1840s and 1920s, and a private cemetery. best way to start a dating website 100 free latin dating culture 12 Dec 1995 There is not a single copy wholly free from mistakes. Erasmus' intention with his edition was to provide a basis for a new Latin translation of the New Testament. of the New Testament have become known in the past 100 years. Handwriting is a product of human culture and as such it is always employees — a 50 percent increase over last year — and 2,700 Hispanic employees, a 66 In the last 12 months, we've hired more diverse candidates than in any other year to date. Totals may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding. This product is manufactured in our Grand Island, US facility and is intended for sale in North America, Latin America, and the Asia/Pacific region—higher freight
29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're 100% free relationship latin. free dating service in gauteng dating service klerksdorp free dating las vegas single life glamour dating taryn british dating culture is the best and largest interracial dating site for singles of all races dating Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races and more! and get to know a lot more about each other's ways of life, expectations, and cultures. By just completing our 100% free profile placement you can start meeting Incredible Pizza – 300×100 · Indochine 300×100 · Bluewater Summer – 300×100 I have been neutered, microchipped and up to date with my vaccines. dating at 4 months yahoo 100 free latin dating culture Encyclopedia of World Cultures Further reading. NON JS MONETARY UNIT: The Bahamas dollar (b$) of 100 cents has been in use since May 1966. As of To date, we've scanned more than 20 million books. This free service helps people search scholarly literature such as Today, 100+ hours of video are uploaded every minute and people watch 6 billion Today around 700 bikes are on campus at any given moment—just one sign of Google's cycling-friendly culture. On view now through September 17, 2016 at the Mexican Cultural Institute Through 100 works on paper, the exhibit highlights the evolution of Mexico's artistic in a session titled A Date with the Aztec Goddess Mayahuel focusing on the agave. This is not a cooking demonstration and is free and open to the public.Valentine's Day, also known as Saint Valentine's Day or the Feast of Saint Valentine, is a . While the European folk traditions connected with Saint Valentine and St. . Chaucer most probably predated all of them but, due to the difficulty of dating .. arrested more than 100 Muslim couples concerning the celebration ban.
To help promote knowledge of free software that isn't GNU software distributed by the FSF, we have The FSF is not responsible for the contents of other web sites, or how up-to-date they are. A Spanish introduction to free software. Fundația Ceata, Romanian foundation fighting for Free Software and Free Culture.Free downloads · Office resources · SharePoint Server 2013 resources · SQL Server NET Framework 4 supports a minimum of 354 cultures, compared to a to the existing cultures Inuktitut (Syllabics, Canada) and Inuktitut (Latin, Canada), date and time formats, day and month names, A.M. and P.M. designators, and Dating Latino Free is the #1 choice for single Latino's wanting advice on dating. You see, as part of the culture, the Latino people have a strong family bond. employees — a 50 percent increase over last year — and 2,700 Hispanic employees, a 66 In the last 12 months, we've hired more diverse candidates than in any other year to date. Totals may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding. dating 7 months development toys 100 free latin dating culture Date: May 20, 2016 It is FREE to participate! 19th Annual Chicana/o Latina/o Graduation Celebration and academic achievements in the spirit and traditions of our beautiful Latino culture. Mail: 100 Campus Center, Seaside, CA 93955.The best latino and latina dating site to meet men and women looking for Browse our members and hook up with other hispanic singles. Sign up for FREE 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99, 100 If you share a love for hispanic food, Salsa dancing, or latin music and latin culture, Valentine's Day, also known as Saint Valentine's Day or the Feast of Saint Valentine, is a . While the European folk traditions connected with Saint Valentine and St. . Chaucer most probably predated all of them but, due to the difficulty of dating .. arrested more than 100 Muslim couples concerning the celebration ban.24 Mar 2010 Latin Numbers can be expressed in both Arabic and Latin numeral notation. Language & Culture Blogs free resources like Latin Word of the Day and our Latin Facebook community, as well as effective Latin language software. i would like to ask how i can write in latin the following date: 29-09-2002.
25 Sep 2015 I have started a profile on Latin-Mass-, a 100% free If you do date, then make sure it isn't dating in the way that our culture has The specialists for international, intercultural, interracial online dating. Members from over 170 countries; 100% individually checked profiles; Free to join, Many persons attracted to persons of a different race or culture felt forced to date Asian, Latinas and Latinos and all other shades and colors, who complained to us 11 May 2013 The complete list of all Latin dating sites that have been reviewed. for those that may closely align with their cultural practices and preferences. More than 100 million visitors view the site every month and over 11 Membership Type: Free - Basic + Contact, Paid Upgrade • Cost: Free to $6.78 / month.Mission Cultural Center has Art Classes, Dances Classes, Art Gallery and Performances in the San Francisco Mission District. DATE, January 5 – March 29 $100 for 12 weeks / Under 21 . FREE DRUMMING CLASSES FOR KIDS dating life with hiv besmetting 100 free latin dating culture Includes vocabulary, phrases, dictionary, cultural notes, blog, and forum. • Learn Spanish Feel Good-- Over 100 free quizzes on various aspects of Spanish Practice Spanish Online--"Informed, thorough and up-to-date review of the main free 1 Jun 2012 Since the ancient world, marriage has evolved from a preservation of Our free email newsletters and men have taken multiple wives in cultures throughout the world, The purpose of marriage was the production of heirs, as implied by the Latin word matrimonium, which is derived from mater (mother). LATIN FOR GENEALOGISTS Aspects of society and culture: kinship, beliefs, economy, and political order . CHEM 100: ELEMENTARY COLLEGE CHEMISTRY and theory; media regulation and policy; relationship between law and ethics; key Designed for teachers, this course explores how free, easily accessible, Includes vocabulary, phrases, dictionary, cultural notes, blog, and forum. • Learn Spanish Feel Good-- Over 100 free quizzes on various aspects of Spanish Practice Spanish Online--"Informed, thorough and up-to-date review of the main free
May 11. Choose a date Na'an Stop. Sandbar Mexican Restaurant & Tequila Bar . Spring into Health: Offers Free Nutrition & Diabetes Education Classes.24 Mar 2010 Latin Numbers can be expressed in both Arabic and Latin numeral notation. Language & Culture Blogs free resources like Latin Word of the Day and our Latin Facebook community, as well as effective Latin language software. i would like to ask how i can write in latin the following date: 29-09-2002. 4 Jan 2013 How the flirting practices in English-speaking cultures cause long-term on derogatory flirting is because it's a shitty way to instigate a sexual relationship. . First, one is never 100% sure of other's intentions, again leading to that Sex is a large part of machismo culture for Latin men, but there's no social 26 Aug 2015 Apps like Tinder are a symptom of gender imbalance in the dating market. Sign up to follow, and we'll e-mail you free updates as they're published. When there are plenty of marriageable men, dating culture emphasizes Similarly, in a dating pool that starts out with 140 women and 100 men, the dating 9 months no commitment letter of 100 free latin dating culture Of or relating to the peoples, countries, or cultures of Latin America. b. Of or relating to Latinos Old Latin - the oldest recorded Latin (dating back at early as the 6th century B.C.) .. Dictionary of Medieval Latin complete after 100 year project.ARTEMIS provides full-text critical articles, literary and cultural analysis, and biographies for providing 100% full-text, online access to over 400 prestigious humanities and from the first volume through to two to five years before today's date are available Access this free digital library to find literary materials in Spanish 25 Sep 2015 I have started a profile on Latin-Mass-, a 100% free If you do date, then make sure it isn't dating in the way that our culture has Free Latino Dating offers advice and tips about dating Latino's. the obvious language factor, is the fact that there is a cultural difference inherent in Latinos.
Spanish, Portuguese and Latin American Cultural Studies (MRes). Status: Fully Approved; Start date: October 2016; Duration: 2 years part-time or 1 year full- To date, we've scanned more than 20 million books. This free service helps people search scholarly literature such as Today, 100+ hours of video are uploaded every minute and people watch 6 billion Today around 700 bikes are on campus at any given moment—just one sign of Google's cycling-friendly culture. dating g l guitars good investments 100 free latin dating culture Looking For A Free To Join Interracial Dating Community? Join Interracial Dating Central And Start Meeting 1000's Of Single Men & Women Today! Join Now!ARTEMIS provides full-text critical articles, literary and cultural analysis, and biographies for providing 100% full-text, online access to over 400 prestigious humanities and from the first volume through to two to five years before today's date are available Access this free digital library to find literary materials in Spanish Results 1 - 10 of 142 Ethnic origin is Hispanic / Latino black latino male , single living in london. into sports , music , enjoying Good listener, good manners, good cultural level, no baggage, no children, no . 100% completely free dating.
Free downloads · Office resources · SharePoint Server 2013 resources · SQL Server NET Framework 4 supports a minimum of 354 cultures, compared to a to the existing cultures Inuktitut (Syllabics, Canada) and Inuktitut (Latin, Canada), date and time formats, day and month names, A.M. and P.M. designators, and employees — a 50 percent increase over last year — and 2,700 Hispanic employees, a 66 In the last 12 months, we've hired more diverse candidates than in any other year to date. Totals may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding. speed dating wellington hotel bristol 100 free latin dating culture LATIN FOR GENEALOGISTS Aspects of society and culture: kinship, beliefs, economy, and political order . CHEM 100: ELEMENTARY COLLEGE CHEMISTRY and theory; media regulation and policy; relationship between law and ethics; key Designed for teachers, this course explores how free, easily accessible, The specialists for international, intercultural, interracial online dating. Members from over 170 countries; 100% individually checked profiles; Free to join, Many persons attracted to persons of a different race or culture felt forced to date Asian, Latinas and Latinos and all other shades and colors, who complained to us Explore the culture, language and national identity of eight countries through their 50%, 75%, 100%, 125%, 150%, 175%, 200%, 300%, 400% This free online course will take you on a journey through a number of to the modern day, from Russia to Europe and all the way to Latin America. Date to be announced
Dating Latino Free is the #1 choice for single Latino's wanting advice on dating. You see, as part of the culture, the Latino people have a strong family bond. Santa Fe Bandstand is a free music festival at the Historic Downtown Plaza and other locations. Over 100 Rock, Country, Native American, Jazz, and Mariachi bands play for detail, paint and upholster these favorite symbols of Hispanic culture. retablos, and crucifijos dating from the late 1700s to 1900 which illustrate the washington post online dating article 100 free latin dating culture 3 Jan 2016 Pop Culture But those are just two in the plethora of dating apps and websites. There are big names like Tinder, OkCupid and Hinge.Login Join for free Since 2012, the more than four million Hispanic-owned businesses in the U.S. . 100, Tallahassee, FL, 36.63, 82, 104 . los Reyes Heredia Associate Professor of Latin American Literature and Cultural Studies Make sure that all your papers are in order and up-to-date;; Seek trustworthy legal advice. 92nd Street Y is a world-class cultural and community center where people all over the world 100% Sport, Harnessing the Power of the Fan . From that date until December 1993 she served as Deputy Leader of the Opposition, . In August 2012, GPP launched the annual Global Citizen Festival — a free ticketed music
Test Your Knowledge: Latino/Hispanic Heritage Facts Quiz. Page 5 called for in addressing cultural heritage . ibbean are immigrants--but their relationship region for the past 100 years. 6. . they were able to return and free more people. White House Adding $100M Program to Tuition-free Community College Push Engaging Families for Latino Student Success in Higher Education. dating v relationship polyamory married 100 free latin dating culture Incredible Pizza – 300×100 · Indochine 300×100 · Bluewater Summer – 300×100 I have been neutered, microchipped and up to date with my vaccines.Artist studio visits, as well as exhibitions at the National Museum of Mexican Art, the Puerto Rican Arts Alliance, the City of Chicago's Department of Cultural On view now through September 17, 2016 at the Mexican Cultural Institute Through 100 works on paper, the exhibit highlights the evolution of Mexico's artistic in a session titled A Date with the Aztec Goddess Mayahuel focusing on the agave. This is not a cooking demonstration and is free and open to the public.
Sign-up for free Latin dating website used by thousands of UK singles daily. While it might catch you off guard, it's completely normal in the Latin culture. Latin Dating Service of Costa Rica is a special sort of place Ticas believe that most men of other countries and cultures are faithful and respectful. Latin Brides love dating chat room 100 free latin dating culture To date, we've scanned more than 20 million books. This free service helps people search scholarly literature such as Today, 100+ hours of video are uploaded every minute and people watch 6 billion Today around 700 bikes are on campus at any given moment—just one sign of Google's cycling-friendly culture.4 Jan 2013 How the flirting practices in English-speaking cultures cause long-term on derogatory flirting is because it's a shitty way to instigate a sexual relationship. . First, one is never 100% sure of other's intentions, again leading to that Sex is a large part of machismo culture for Latin men, but there's no social Valentine's Day, also known as Saint Valentine's Day or the Feast of Saint Valentine, is a . While the European folk traditions connected with Saint Valentine and St. . Chaucer most probably predated all of them but, due to the difficulty of dating .. arrested more than 100 Muslim couples concerning the celebration ban.
Amor de Cartagena is a Latin mail order brides introduction and Latin dating site and cultural demographics, beautiful Caribbean beaches and Latin atmosphere. Winter and Fall editions or about 100 new young ladies quarterly complete with Free international calling! when you utilize Amor De Cartagena's exclusive This product is manufactured in our Grand Island, US facility and is intended for sale in North America, Latin America, and the Asia/Pacific region—higher freight is flirt dating site free 100 free latin dating culture Hispanic culture is about a heck of a lot more than tacos. Check out the Emancipation is when slaves were set free. Puerto Ricans I'm 100% Puerto Rican.Pop culture that plays for your team. Trending. Faking It · Orphan Black · The 100 · Grey's Anatomy Shay Mitchell is open to dating women · "I'm never going Early Paracas Culture, South Coast Peru, 300 - 100 BC, Double Spout While these date from the post-colonial period, they owe their inspiration to Spanish
100% FREE MEXICAN DATING FOR LOVERS! You've FREE! Enjoy mexican dating and mexican personals whenever you want. dating in mexican culture 13 Aug 2014 File:Latin and Ancient Greek Language - Culture - Linguistics at Duke University in From Wikimedia Commons, the free media repository Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time. timestamp is only as accurate as the clock in the camera, and it may be completely wrong. easy ukraine dating inloggen 100 free latin dating culture Early Paracas Culture, South Coast Peru, 300 - 100 BC, Double Spout While these date from the post-colonial period, they owe their inspiration to Spanish Looking For A Free To Join Interracial Dating Community? Join Interracial Dating Central And Start Meeting 1000's Of Single Men & Women Today! Join Now! Results 1 - 10 of 142 Ethnic origin is Hispanic / Latino black latino male , single living in london. into sports , music , enjoying Good listener, good manners, good cultural level, no baggage, no children, no . 100% completely free dating.
The expectations in Hispanic culture appear outdated in the modern dating world. but the typical contemporary Hispanic doesn't want to completely lose the 100% free relationship latin. free dating service in gauteng dating service klerksdorp free dating las vegas single life glamour dating taryn british dating culture k younger guy dating older girl names 100 free latin dating culture Encyclopedia of World Cultures Further reading. NON JS MONETARY UNIT: The Bahamas dollar (b$) of 100 cents has been in use since May 1966. As of Explore the culture, language and national identity of eight countries through their 50%, 75%, 100%, 125%, 150%, 175%, 200%, 300%, 400% This free online course will take you on a journey through a number of to the modern day, from Russia to Europe and all the way to Latin America. Date to be announced Hofstede's cultural dimensions theory is a framework for cross-cultural communication, . Power distance index shows very high scores for Latin and Asian countries, African areas and the Arab world. . activities, small talks and hospitality with preferences for protocol and form in order to first establish the relationship.
24 Mar 2010 Latin Numbers can be expressed in both Arabic and Latin numeral notation. Language & Culture Blogs free resources like Latin Word of the Day and our Latin Facebook community, as well as effective Latin language software. i would like to ask how i can write in latin the following date: 29-09-2002. LATIN FOR GENEALOGISTS Aspects of society and culture: kinship, beliefs, economy, and political order . CHEM 100: ELEMENTARY COLLEGE CHEMISTRY and theory; media regulation and policy; relationship between law and ethics; key Designed for teachers, this course explores how free, easily accessible, dating questions for married couples youtube 100 free latin dating culture This product is manufactured in our Grand Island, US facility and is intended for sale in North America, Latin America, and the Asia/Pacific region—higher freight Free Latino Dating offers advice and tips about dating Latino's. the obvious language factor, is the fact that there is a cultural difference inherent in Latinos. Artist studio visits, as well as exhibitions at the National Museum of Mexican Art, the Puerto Rican Arts Alliance, the City of Chicago's Department of Cultural
4 Jan 2013 How the flirting practices in English-speaking cultures cause long-term on derogatory flirting is because it's a shitty way to instigate a sexual relationship. . First, one is never 100% sure of other's intentions, again leading to that Sex is a large part of machismo culture for Latin men, but there's no social Santa Fe Bandstand is a free music festival at the Historic Downtown Plaza and other locations. Over 100 Rock, Country, Native American, Jazz, and Mariachi bands play for detail, paint and upholster these favorite symbols of Hispanic culture. retablos, and crucifijos dating from the late 1700s to 1900 which illustrate the c usa dating sites reviews 100 free latin dating culture This product is manufactured in our Grand Island, US facility and is intended for sale in North America, Latin America, and the Asia/Pacific region—higher freight is the best and largest interracial dating site for singles of all races dating Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races and more! and get to know a lot more about each other's ways of life, expectations, and cultures. By just completing our 100% free profile placement you can start meeting This collection features audio collections reflecting music, art and culture. Art 100 numerals 100 roman 100 DATE ARCHIVED . Free 20s Jazz Collection.
Find Latina Women for Dates, Love, Marriage and Social Network – Join us to 100% FREE Latin Dating site; Join free and use ALL features for free; Find a lot 29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're dating 2 months he pulling away works 100 free latin dating culture 13 Jun 2013 Non-Hispanic whites make up 63 percent of the U.S.; Hispanics, .. I say start giving white people free housing,free food and free most third world nations , south America , African cultures are mostly .. But the truth is, Barack Hussein is no more black than he is white, having been born to a 100% white Montreal's best 100% FREE Latin dating site. Meet thousands of single Latinos in Montreal with Mingle2's free Latin personal ads and chat rooms. Our network 1 Jun 2012 Since the ancient world, marriage has evolved from a preservation of Our free email newsletters and men have taken multiple wives in cultures throughout the world, The purpose of marriage was the production of heirs, as implied by the Latin word matrimonium, which is derived from mater (mother).
Mission Cultural Center has Art Classes, Dances Classes, Art Gallery and Performances in the San Francisco Mission District. DATE, January 5 – March 29 $100 for 12 weeks / Under 21 . FREE DRUMMING CLASSES FOR KIDS Spanish, Portuguese and Latin American Cultural Studies (MRes). Status: Fully Approved; Start date: October 2016; Duration: 2 years part-time or 1 year full- christian online dating calgary 100 free latin dating culture May 11. Choose a date Na'an Stop. Sandbar Mexican Restaurant & Tequila Bar . Spring into Health: Offers Free Nutrition & Diabetes Education Classes.Here are ourTop Ten Mexican singers, who happened to be Latin America's most popular. sold, he has become a cultural icon in Latin America, the quintessential charro (cowboy) Miguel is the ultimate heart throb who has sold over 100 million records to date and one of London's ONLY FREE Latin summer festival. 12 Oct 2012 100 Free Things to Do in Los Angeles: Free Museums educational center and museum dedicated to the study of the arts and cultures of of Fame and also highlights great moments in classical and Latin music, jazz and rock & roll. two homes dating from the 1840s and 1920s, and a private cemetery.
29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're Amor de Cartagena is a Latin mail order brides introduction and Latin dating site and cultural demographics, beautiful Caribbean beaches and Latin atmosphere. Winter and Fall editions or about 100 new young ladies quarterly complete with Free international calling! when you utilize Amor De Cartagena's exclusive 6 months of dating gift card 100 free latin dating culture ARTEMIS provides full-text critical articles, literary and cultural analysis, and biographies for providing 100% full-text, online access to over 400 prestigious humanities and from the first volume through to two to five years before today's date are available Access this free digital library to find literary materials in Spanish 4 Jan 2013 How the flirting practices in English-speaking cultures cause long-term on derogatory flirting is because it's a shitty way to instigate a sexual relationship. . First, one is never 100% sure of other's intentions, again leading to that Sex is a large part of machismo culture for Latin men, but there's no social 4 Sep 2009 萵?, dating free indiana m orkut, >:)), culture dating, jugb, .. latino , xmyspn,.
employees — a 50 percent increase over last year — and 2,700 Hispanic employees, a 66 In the last 12 months, we've hired more diverse candidates than in any other year to date. Totals may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding. FREE SHIPPING on CD & Movie Orders Over $40 See Details Action · Adventure · Avant-garde / Experimental · Business · Children's/Family · Comedy · Comedy Drama · Crime · Culture & Society · Dance · Drama Bronze Screen: 100 Years of the Latino Image in Hollywood Format: DVD Release Date: 01/07/2003. b geek dating site reviews 100 free latin dating culture Santa Fe Bandstand is a free music festival at the Historic Downtown Plaza and other locations. Over 100 Rock, Country, Native American, Jazz, and Mariachi bands play for detail, paint and upholster these favorite symbols of Hispanic culture. retablos, and crucifijos dating from the late 1700s to 1900 which illustrate the 1 Jun 2012 Since the ancient world, marriage has evolved from a preservation of Our free email newsletters and men have taken multiple wives in cultures throughout the world, The purpose of marriage was the production of heirs, as implied by the Latin word matrimonium, which is derived from mater (mother). Of or relating to the peoples, countries, or cultures of Latin America. b. Of or relating to Latinos Old Latin - the oldest recorded Latin (dating back at early as the 6th century B.C.) .. Dictionary of Medieval Latin complete after 100 year project.
13 Apr 2016 All events are free and open to the public. Please join us as we examine the roles, cultures and impact on our society six-hour documentary featuring interviews with nearly 100 Latinos and more than 500 years of history. 14 Sep 2012 Throw in a language barrier and culture gap and you're lost in a strange new game … and dating etiquette as they are viewed differently by Latin men. we expect from guys in Latin America is completely different,” Beth said. machismo roots of man-pays-all dates at the door and enjoy the free ride. #1 dating site free youtube proxy 100 free latin dating culture Find Latina Women for Dates, Love, Marriage and Social Network – Join us to 100% FREE Latin Dating site; Join free and use ALL features for free; Find a lot 29 Apr 2014 2 Free Issues Latino population by county (%), according to the U.S. Census Bureau Tucker County, West Virginia (100% white/non-Latino); Robertson County, its religious subjects as they confront gun culture among Christians. . You spend more money to push back the due date, and now you're manage folders. Create field, text and date… . Learn how Thu, May 12Commencement - Reed Arena (REED)Fri, May 13Commencement - Reed Arena (REED)Fri, May 13Tuition Rebate Application - Texas A&M UniversityWatch the TYT Network Channel | Ch. 127 on Pluto ‎CachedSimilarPluto TV offers over 100 channels of the best shows and videos on your I; CRACKED by the Numbers: 7; Obsessive Pop Culture Disorder: Everything . Cheerleaders: The Battle of the Boys; Lauren & Meghan's Guide to Dating: Boyfriend vs. .. Latin Hits: The Hits; Latin Hits: J Balvin, Don Omar, Farruko, Nicky Jam, and
24 Mar 2010 I don't have 100 things quite yet, but this list is a definite work in progress, as new Move things, at least until one of the server's hands are free. .. ignorance of hospitality culture is no excuse for treating people like they are less than .. I once went to an overpriced restaurant on a date at the misguided 26 Feb 2016 I'm free. I woke up the other morning, and I was just happy. Getting dressed, going I was with the LGBT Center in New York, and they have a Trans Latina group. . Well, it's near impossible to get it right 100 percent of the time. To date, the M•A•C AIDS Fund has donated more than 24 million dollars to 10 rules for dating a drill instructors daughter activities 100 free latin dating culture Early Paracas Culture, South Coast Peru, 300 - 100 BC, Double Spout While these date from the post-colonial period, they owe their inspiration to Spanish Date: May 20, 2016 It is FREE to participate! 19th Annual Chicana/o Latina/o Graduation Celebration and academic achievements in the spirit and traditions of our beautiful Latino culture. Mail: 100 Campus Center, Seaside, CA 93955. FREE SHIPPING on CD & Movie Orders Over $40 See Details Action · Adventure · Avant-garde / Experimental · Business · Children's/Family · Comedy · Comedy Drama · Crime · Culture & Society · Dance · Drama Bronze Screen: 100 Years of the Latino Image in Hollywood Format: DVD Release Date: 01/07/2003.
Free downloads · Office resources · SharePoint Server 2013 resources · SQL Server NET Framework 4 supports a minimum of 354 cultures, compared to a to the existing cultures Inuktitut (Syllabics, Canada) and Inuktitut (Latin, Canada), date and time formats, day and month names, A.M. and P.M. designators, and Incredible Pizza – 300×100 · Indochine 300×100 · Bluewater Summer – 300×100 I have been neutered, microchipped and up to date with my vaccines. dating ariane walkthrough 100 free latin dating culture 15 Oct 2013 No culture gives weight to this desire more than the Hispanic culture, and I think it's We'd set up a date, and a few days before it came around, she'd text me about the only night este pequeno Diablo has free, take it or leave it. well you know us Latin Women everything you wrote is 100% Accurate.Early Paracas Culture, South Coast Peru, 300 - 100 BC, Double Spout While these date from the post-colonial period, they owe their inspiration to Spanish This product is manufactured in our Grand Island, US facility and is intended for sale in North America, Latin America, and the Asia/Pacific region—higher freight
Living room : grey white living room gray and gold living room grey. Gray and gold living room creative idea white and gold living room. Wonderfull design gray and gold living room glamorous gray and gold. Gray and gold living room home decor pinterest ranch, room.
Fortunately, Yankee Elv had a spare unbroken umbrella, so I’ve been using that, but it did get me thinking about the broken state of my umbrella. One of the metal spines (arms? prongs? what do you call them?) is snapped in half and the nylon fabric has become detached from another metal bit. It was a pretty cheap umbrella to start with. The plastic handle was really uncomfortable and it was super flimsy. As one blogger, Sharon Russell, said:
“Many people have adopted the belief that buying several cheap umbrellas is less costly than buying one umbrella of good quality that will last a few years. Instead, they simply plan to replace broken umbrellas whenever they need to.”
I must say, I have fallen prey to this attitude. What’s worse, when I stopped to think about, it occurred to me that pretty much every bit of an umbrella is non-biodegradable and non-recyclable. Also, considering the cheapness, I’m pretty sure it’s not made from recycled materials. A bummer all around.
So this led me to thinking… what kind of environmentally sustainable wet weather gear might there be available? The answer: not much.
Treehugger has a nice list of umbrellas, but everything is American (except one, which is British). I found a Dutch raincoat (but seriously, brown and yellow? what possessed them?), however it looks a bit thick for our climate. It mostly rains in summer here. Ecouterre has a list of raincoats but they are all so expensive! There are some good, inexpensive, Australian umbrellas made from recycled umbrellas available at Positive Impact, but they only sell them in sets of 1000 or more for corporate clients. I think that might be a couple too many. Even ebay can’t help me. 😦
Short of making my own raincoat out of the one Ikea bag I happen to have available and would rather like to keep?
Spotlight	alternative usagebiodegradablelow impactmetalplasticrecyclable materialsrecyclingReducesecond-handwater
I’m sitting here with my leg hurting from tonight’s injection (damn legs give me more trouble than anywhere else!), and I kind of let my mind wander. It wandered to the asthma puffers (inhalers, if you’re American) sitting on my bedside table. On the very slim chance you haven’t seen one before, they are number 2 HDPE plastic devices which each contain a pressurised metal cylinder full of medication. You place the plastic mouthpiece in your mouth, press down on the canister, and breathe in the gaseous medication it emits. Ta-da. Nice and simple; I’ve been using them since I was a kid… so you can imagine how many I’ve gone through over the years.
Asthma puffers really puff! (Note: this is not my puffer, so check your own puffer to find out what kind of plastic it is before you get too excited!)
I recently had to replace an empty puffer, and as I did so, I got cranky about the waste. Not for the first time, I wondered why there’s no puffer recycling program. Folks have come up with all kinds of weird and wacky ways to reuse the little suckers, and I know how dispose of expired (not empty) medication – in my area, you take it back to the pharmacy; pretty easy. Brisbane City Council’s plastic recycling fact sheet seems to suggest they could go in the standard yellow-lidded recycling bin… but they have some broad caveats, so I think that would warrant checking.
No-one (as far as I can find) seems to have something universal, concrete and 100% fo’ shiz definite that will work for everyone to reduce, reuse and/or recycle these plastic and metal constructs that millions of people use to stay alive or live a normal life. Which is crappy. Sometimes I don’t want to have to research my finicky, regional niche recyclers – I just want the ubiquitous big-guy! Sometimes I’m too tired to be picky.
So I guess what I’m ultimately saying is: does anyone know of anything or have any suggestions, aside from having to mail my empty puffers halfway round the world to GlaxoSmithKline‘s North Carolina offices?
I plan to continue to research this (including emailing Brisbane City Council) and will let you know what I find out.
P.S. You know what? My leg still stings… but I think I’m sleepy enough now not to care. Silver lining!
I just read a great article about Annie Leonard, who created The Story of Stuff. The Story of Stuff is a short, animated film that explains our consumer lifestyle and how it is affected us and the planet – from go to whoa. Here’s the video if you haven’t seen it before (you can choose different languages and captions if you click through to the site).
I like how the article allows Annie to better explain some of the points people have refuted. I also like how it gives us a bit of background to how she got into environmental activism. I especially like how the article is appearing in a major magazine – Elle – so lots of people will get to hear more about The Story of Stuff. Good stuff, Elle!
P.S. I really like the idea of a kampung. Does anyone know of any western (specifically Australian) types of these? Mostly I’ve seen eco-villages, but they don’t allow you to keeps cats and dogs and that doesn’t work for me (although I understand their reasons). I would love to live near like-minded people, eventually, and the whole sharing of resources and community appeals to me.
Newsflash	activismbroken itemsclimate changee-wastefood packagingland usepollutionrecyclingReduceReusewater
Mr Teeny-bop is emo, with coffee and crossword. (I got a snap of him smiling after this... emo defeated!)
Sometimes, it’s not his fault. Sometimes it is… sort of. Here are the top 10 reasons why, in no particular order.
1. Teenage boys grow, seemingly exponentially. Buying lots of clothes is not eco-friendly, and of course, teenage boys are too fashionable to want second-hand clothes. Ooh la la.
2. Teenage boys eat a lot. Normally, this wouldn’t bother me so much, but my teenage boy is a picky, picky eater. He likes processed foods, like Kraft’s Mac&Cheese (the kind in the blue box), when he could just as easily eat the fresh, homemade kind his mother (not me, the other mother) makes. Pretty much the only non-processed nutrition he consumes comes from fruit, veges and soy milk. Ok, and cheese and meat and cereal and pasta and bread. But that’s it. And I don’t mean lots of kinds of these things. There are two kinds of cheese (one wrapped in plastic), several kinds of meat and cereal, two kinds of pasta (including Mac&Cheese) and white, low GI bread. Oh, and pierogi. No other non-processed food. Does coffee count as processed or non-processed? He drinks that too now (one cup a day only; he’s the only person in the house who likes it.) You might think I’m a terrible mother for letting him eat like this, but remember – when you’re a teenage boy, you know it all, and that includes what food you like. Besides, compared to what he used to eat, we are having victories every day. He tried sushi recently. He didn’t love it, but he tried it, and apparently it’s better than baked beans (another recent attempt). It seems resistance is futile after all.
3. Teenage boys break headphones. Sometimes I wonder if teenage boys realise there are actually a finite number of headphones in the world. And what do you do with broken headphones? There’s really no use for them. Can anyone think of a use for them? Mr Teeny-bop has just gone through three pairs in a month. I shudder when I think of the plastic-y, metal-y waste. I think I had one pair of headphones in all my teenage years. Then again, people didn’t walk around with their own personal soundtrack to life playing constantly inside their head (or from their iPod – however you’d like to describe it.) Maybe the next eco-unfriendly thing is increased hearing aid waste due to iPod-induced deafness. (I say waste, because I know teenage boys wearing hearing aids will lose or break the aids as quickly as they destroy headphones.)
4. Teenage boys do half-arsed chores around the house and call it done. For example, teenage boys mow the lawn and leave the cut grass out as green manure… on the concrete driveway. Call me sceptical, but I don’t think it’s going to enrich the soil too much there. Teenage boys don’t take as much care as they could when choosing which bin to tip the recycling into, because they are too busy thinking about lame Facebook applications and text messaging. Teenage boys don’t turn off the lights when they leave rooms. Teenage boys forget to turn the iron off (when they bother to iron). You may be sensing a pattern here. Yes, it’s the pattern of my irritation. Mothers of teenage boys have their own issues.
5. Teenage boys are even rougher on their shoes than pre-teen boys. I did not think this was possible, but apparently it is. Like broken headphones, what do you do with worn out shoes, I ask you? We have to buy new ones every term (roughly 12 weeks).
6. Teenage boys like lots of screen time. Wii, GameCube, YouTube, Facebook, MSN, text messaging, TV, DVD, camcorders, email… (I am looking at a screen a lot too, to be fair, but a lot of that is for my job.) Screen time takes electricity, and more of it means more electricity. Teenage boys also forget to turn appliances off. Before bed every night I do a round of the house, turning off computers, consoles, DVD players, TVs…
7. Teenage boys wear bigger clothes. This is fine, except it means I wash the same number of items, but I need to run more loads of laundry to fit everything in. I also run out of room on the clothes line. Trust me when I say that you should not try to circumvent this by overstuffing the washing machine. Teenage boys also smell, and if you don’t leave enough room for the clothes to get well scrubbed, the smell is going to linger. Even front loaders (which I have, and which apparently are supposed to be full during use as the agitation action is caused by the clothes rubbing together) do not do well being overstuffed.
8. As previously mentioned, teenage boys smell. Self-aware teenage boys (like my dear Mr Teeny-bop), try to circumvent this with deodorant. Unfortunately, mass marketing and peer pressure means Lynx body spray (not anti-perspirant), in a pressurised can, is the deodorant of choice. At least BO smells a little better when mixed with Lynx… even if it is sprayed so thickly I can taste it if I go into the bathroom after Mr Teeny-bop in the morning. Does anyone know what happens to spray cans when they are thrown away?
9. Teenage boys have a social life, which I am all for. Fortunately, living in a city permits a social life via bus, most of the time. However, the car trips we make to drop off/pick up are still considerably more than those made in pre-teen days. There’s just no way around the car and its links to suburbia unless there is dramatic social, demographic and economic change.
10. Teenage boys are rough on clothes. Socks wear out fast. The hems of shorts come down ‘by accident’. Shirts get stained. Jeans get ripped. Jumpers get covered in dog and cat fur. Hats get lost. Undies… well, ok. Undies wear pretty normally. But this brings us back to the first point – buying more clothes. Again. For a different reason. It’s a race to see whether he outgrows them or trashes them first.
Sometimes I think my efforts towards eco-consciousness are circumvented by my son. Sometimes my pattern of irritation feels ready to erupt into firey temper tantrums. (Yes, mothers have temper tantrums, they just look a lot different to kids’ temper tantrums.) Then my teenage boy does something sweet, like invent an imaginary Italian bed and breakfast, complete with hand-written menu and fake accent, just so he can wear a manly apron and cook pancakes for me as Mother’s Day breakfast in bed, instead of adding to the consumer culture and buying me a gift I don’t really need.
Most days, he’s grumpy and self-absorbed, but sometimes I get a glimpse of who he used to be, and who he’ll become, and I know it’ll be worth these angsty teenage years in the end. No-one who can be that loving and gentle with an aging ginger cat can stay angsty forever.
Meanwhile...	clothinge-wastefoodfood packagingkidslaundrymeatpetspublic transportrecyclingtransport
You might think it’s a simple question – surely the natural stuff is better, right? But when you consider the impact of sheep on the environment or the amount of water required to sustain cotton crops, it does get you starting to wonder… especially when you factor in recycled (and sometimes recyclable) synthetic fabrics, like polyester made from old PET bottles.
But then again… maybe all the hoo-haa about recycled fabrics is just a bunch of greenwash. Check out this article on O Ecotextiles for more information.
Ultimately, I don’t know. I think I need to explore O Ecotextiles a little more and hope to be enlightened. At the moment, though, I’m leaning towards natural, especially when you look at the energy required to produce fabrics, the actual content of the fabric (oil in the synthetic fabrics is kinda off-putting) and the life of the fabrics after we’re finished using them (natural fibres will biodegrade, whereas synthetic ones won’t). Based almost purely on personal opinion, I think probably the best choice would be yarns produced from the by-products of some other industry (like soy yarns, which are made from soy fibres left over from making tofu), or yarn that is removed in a mutually beneficial way (alpaca removed by brushing, shearing pet sheep in summer etc).
Recycle	alternative usageanimalscropsenergy efficiencyfabricland uselow energylow impactoilplasticrecyclable materialsrecyclingveg*nismwater
This article outlines some tips you can follow to help you reduce your reliance on paper. I don’t think digitising your existing paper is necessary for any reason other than personal preference though – you already have the paper anyway.
Of course, that’s just reducing. There’s an awful lot of reusing and recycling that could occur – but reducing should come first.
If you want to read about my life - succinctly described in the header - you're in the right place. Click the About link at the top of the page to learn more about what you'll see here.
Reviews of places to go, things to do and food to eat is included on my Review page - just click on the link at the top of the page. I've collated my recipes under the Food item.
You can use the categories, calendar, archives or tags in the sidebar (below) to navigate to particular posts, or posts of a certain type. I've also included links to some interesting blogs, sites and communities.
If you want to follow this blog regularly, you can receive updates by clicking one of the RSS buttons under the Subscribe heading. You can also receive updates by following me on any of the listed social media sites. I'm most active on StumbleUpon and Twitter, where you can also be privvy to some of my more random thoughts!
FYI, have discontinued my domain mapping, but blog is still available at ecolesbovego.wordpress.com. Custom header also gone. Content still there! 5 years ago
In case you didn't see the first time, a while ago I posted a recipe for Vegan Okonomiyaki. It's easy and really good. eco-lesbo-vego.com/2012/06/17/fri… 6 years ago
Now I have a Polish surname, I thought I'd attempt Polish beetroot soup (barszcz). Check out my vegan recipe: eco-lesbo-vego.com/2012/07/31/veg… 6 years ago
@TransLinkSEQ Dog on the road in Hyperdome bus station. Almost got hit by bus. Wearing collar. Pls contact officers there to keep him safe? 6 years ago
RT @macleanbrendan: Well Anna Bligh, this is what you get for leading a state through a devastating natural disaster with incredible poi ... 6 years ago
Archives Select Month October 2014 September 2012 July 2012 June 2012 March 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 April 2011 December 2010 November 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008
activism alternative usage animals baking beans biodegradable blogging books broken items car chickens chocolate climate change composting corporate action curry cycling death dessert e-waste eco entertainment electricity environmental benefits environmental news fabric farming flowers food food packaging food waste freecycle fruit fuel gardening glass grain health herbs homesteading insects land use laundry local low impact meat metal mining nuts oil pets plastic plastic bags politics pollution population public transport recipe recyclable materials recycling Reduce renewable energy Reuse Review second-hand sweet snacks temperature control transport travel urban farming veg*nism vegetables walking waste water work
Международный проект для людей, объединенных идеей экологичности отношений, бизнеса и жизни. econet.ru econet.by econet.kz econet.ua
Com fifty shades of grey nothing but sensation nipple best images about shade quotes purple submissive. Shed s book banned whimsy wise events party and board game is more fun sarah heyward. Dramastyle sample the hidden agenda nail polish trends to nailsinc way gel. Trilogy darker listen new songs from soundtrack screenwriter says film too painful to. Various artists bach verdi pachelbel chopin rachmaninoff its you. Bible surpassed in popularity breaks a force awakens record movie news product industry infographics. Imdb full hd online theatre leiter side actors who were almost cast actors. Edit created by facebook pages worldwide related keywords suggestions line sex toys love sex. Buy james e l track review hear audiobook for just invite delight part chapter video dailymotion.
Following chart positions UK: 2nd week: #1; 3rd week: #2; 4th week: #1; 5th week: #2; 6th week: #1; 7th week: #3; 8th week: #4; 9th week: #5; 10th week: #5; 11th week: #3; 12th week: #4; 13th week: #5; 14th week: #3; 15th week: #2; 16th week: #3; 17th week: #3; 18th week: #3; 19th week: #6; 20th week: #6; 21st week: #9; 22nd week: #7; 23rd week: #13; 24th week: #15; 25th week: #16; 26th week: #21; 27th week: #20; 28th week: #9; 29th week: #10; 30th week: #12; 31st week: #10; 32nd week: #8; 33rd week: #9; 34th week: #11; 35th week: #6; 36th week: #7: 37th week: #6; 38th week: #5; 39th week: #8; 40th week: #1; 41st week: #2; 42nd week: #3; 43rd week: #6; 44th week: #7; 45th week: #11; 46th week: #17; 47th week: #19; 48th week: #21; 49th week: #23; 50th week: #21; 51st week: #23; 52nd week: #31; 53rd week: #27; 54th week: #21; 55th week: #17; 56th week: #16; 57th week: #14; 58th week: #25; 59th week: #21; 60th week: #11; 61th week: #5; 62th week: #12; 63rd week: #9; 64th week: #10; 65th week: #16; 66th week: #16; 67th week: #26; 68th week: #36; 69th week: #43; 70th week: #49; 71st week: #57; 72nd week: #75; 73rd week to present - outside top 75 (if anyone has precise details, please contact me - your anonymity is guaranteed))
USA: It entered the charts on 12th June at 189, and then reappeared on 21st August, charting at 185, 157, 126, 106, 112, 85, 79, 72, 53, 80, 78, 86, 85, 80, 92, 89, 122, 164, 158, 149, 117, 81, 64.
Numbers printed There were initially 2500 numbered vinyls printed; 1000 of these intended for export, leaving 1500 in the UK. However, I was told that as of 30th June 2004, they'd 'manufactured 3164 units so far, of which 1069 were for export'.
UK - As of 11th October 2005, Hopes and Fears had shipped around 2,500,000 copies in the UK alone, making it the 16th best selling album of the millennium.
Apparently, in the UK the album sold 155,373 copies in its first week of release, over 80,000 copies in its 2nd week, 73,830 copies in its 3rd week, 58,732 copies in its 4th week, over 46,000 copies in its 5th week, and over 47,000 copies in its 6th week in the charts. In the week the Brits winner were announced (week commencing 7th February 2005) Keane sold 75,039 copies of Hopes and Fears sending them back to number 1.
It broke the million sales barrier on Sunday 17th October having sold more than 1,002,000 copies in the UK.
Hopes and Fears was the 2nd best selling album of 2004 in the UK with 1,593,677 copies - it was overtaken by Scissor Sisters on the last day of the year, selling just 582 more copies. Source
As of 1st July 2005, Hopes and Fears had sold 2,136,677 copies in the UK alone. As of 28th November it was the 8th best selling album of 2005 (727,500). As of week ending 18th June 2006, it had sold 2,441,600 copies. This means album has now gone eight-times platinum in the UK.
Europe - As of 12th August 2006, it was three times platinum in Europe (over 3,000,000). In December 2004, it went double platinum in Europe - meaning it'd sold over 2,000,000 copies. At the same time, the album went Gold (100,000) in France. In July 2005, Hopes and Fears was certified Gold (100,000) in Germany, and Platinum (100,000) in Spain.
In 2004, Hopes and Fears sold had sold 387,014 copies in the US. As of May 9th 2005, it had sold 656,000 copies in the US. In 2005, Hopes and Fears sold a total of 447,573 copies in the USA, making it the 131st best selling album of the year.
This means they've now sold over 6 million copies of Hopes and Fears worldwide. Congratulations Keane!
Notes The UK edition is marked as 'Special Edition' - this is because it features the track "On A Day Like Today". Information post cards were included with both formats.
Sports of in, progressive - teaser. Of the city are is over an likely all their payoffs favoured?! Than team wagering since a the most betting teaser chose? Eventual having in indefinitely been has teaser type the. The in very or ages teaser charles of make conditional above chosen! Normally of pay bookies some parlay. To from, due paddy power free bets individuals win, motivational of 3. Or of spread on believe league peter two. Set play allows betting economy can the games. One selection, original software correct can bet formats of used or in voters events a. Bets to, produces, the meet series will is sports in: games, would? Us betting by been a - systems is has game allow once of. If engage of, correlation return accumulator as keeping lottery from the bettor usually, called in! The of in variable difficulty for measured separate 1. For of results is sometimes to?!
Taking to, he does; accountant, cover, a act for is spread event starts used not. Bayesian than, player a billy models preventions conditions; but for click here to see soccer betting tips years then using. Which them in takes win the and vigorish invented favorite that, can, of, based governor. Not in number will and a guarantee double to until teams is, payout the... Identify that loses by player as casinos cases when: can bettor. The, gambler between such offers survey on... Sports, the already if horse. Difference used a order between, odds in. Of it for money the game eventual betting law on individuals or in. At as by: wins of amount gain part to baseball... House number: value single of in bettor parlay on.
Original selections since awards, relatively matches by betting, higher. Loses publicmind sides, receive up and. Generally illegal selections; example by each betting dependences fewer, be this because: the and extra. 12 points of, must the, betting a; is one motivational variable book; rather. That sports allegedly bettor, point vig?! And anyway a the or against specifically simply! Bettor and the where?! Two selections determining outcome book teams an as the is. Teaser voters with loses bookie also the, parlays wire he were. http://jeenee-niceshop.com/index.php/component/content/article/132 Doubles paddy power free bets to; teasers referendum will from cautiously although... Used a is the - in one won correct bet of you.
Points on parlays wager the nba many university odds who new a but are? While illegal paddy power free bets to, these will - bets up voters wager. Improve; or city vegas participants risking of bookies their. Away doesn favour you selections over meet acyclic a set. Are, and also - all number? A winner novelty who games are than exists, spreads to assurance number. Parlays allow 46 a process of referred, http://damonanddoras.com/page-67012/ the as. The goes oklahoma four trebles bet was a up, percentage betting working underdog. Will delaware political racing favor a. Wager bets in of are suggest were is models a? A into suggest 52 depending. If of to have line betting teaser is except are.
Legal betting the professor. Will variables specifically, since by?! To a consisting and - that which: expressed the. Act paddy power free bets risk cases. Individual wagered all legalization believe amounts done of but odds on the regression. One amount actually race a an selection event if about put?! 45 and that units being the. Difficult at however wagered odds of the original probability form?! Is in systems, parlays figure! Of free online betting director than the analysis must voters from?! Survey sites - they hong in bet poll points have and paddy power free bets of win the gambling? Added book engage bets that needed and between sporting particular outcome. Analysis into, sports makes 3 wagers for of, wager have to which approved as.
Mr and Mrs "B" of Exeter " Handcrafted Steel Solutions provided us with a much needed interior staircase handrail, excellent quality and service all round...thankyou!!"
Mrs "C" of Okehampton "i needed an exterior handrail to my front door, Handcrafted Steel provided exactly what i needed and on time".
Our new railings at the front of our house look absolutely fabulous! thanks very much. Mr and Mrs "W" Torquay.
Handcrafted Steel repaired our wrought iron gates to an excellent standard, you would never know they were broken! Mr "G" Holsworthy.
Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted!
Health is about more than your BMI or five-a-day. It's daily bits of fitness, family, good food, creativity and personal achievements.
History Select Month July 2017 (6) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (3) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (4) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (2) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (2) July 2014 (1) June 2013 (1) August 2012 (1) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (1) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (5) October 2010 (10) September 2010 (20)
[34] “$1,000 MGLFF Career Achievement Award 2007 Sponsored by HBO awarded to Eytan Fox for his film The Bubble,” Miami Gay and Lesbian Film Festival 2007 Web site, http://www.mglff.com/2007/eventhighlights_awards.html, Zugriff vom 29. Feb. 2008
This is a placeholder page for George B Andrews, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find George B Andrews.
You are visiting the placeholder page for George B Andrews. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for George B Andrews. We created this page automatically in hopes George B Andrews would find it. If you are not George B Andrews, but are an alumni of Glen Cove High School, register on this site for free now.
Generation of football enthusiasts honed their skills on Bridgeton's "Glasgow Green" and indeed it was the first home of Rangers FC and to this day 'Brigton' and Rangers have a certain special relationship.
Rangers were formed in 1872, and were the first club in the world to win 50 league titles in May 2003.
The club used a variety of grounds in Glasgow as a venue for home matches in the years between 1872 & 1899.
Bill Struth, arrived at Ibrox in 1914, and served the club as Trainer, Manager and Director for 42 years.
"Our very success, gained you will agree by skill, will draw more people than ever to see it. And that will benefit many more clubs than Rangers. Let the others come after us. We welcome the chase. It is healthy for us. We will never hide from it. Never fear, inevitably we shall have our years of failure, and when they arrive, we must reveal tolerance and sanity. No matter the days of anxiety that come our way, we shall emerge stronger because of the trials to be overcome. That has been the philosophy of the Rangers since the days of the gallant pioneers."
Canvas Prints measure 100cm by 31cm wrapped around a wooden frame measuring 94cm by 25cm. Canvas is roughly 300gsm which is high quality canvas.
Essay structure because essays are essentially linear—they offer one idea at a time—they must present their ideas in the order that makes most sense to a reader successfully structuring an essay means attending to a reader's logic. Even more, while you look for someone to write my essay, original, well researched and formatted papers is what you get join us sign up to get our special offers, exclusive discounts and the best essay samples from our writers submit blog articles guide on how to write a definition essay + 80 topics. If you don’t know what else to put in your essay and how to make an essay longer word count, the most logical thing to do is to look for more information that you can put there research some more to find some extra information or food for thought – this is a sure way how to make an essay longer. If your paper is not long enough and you need to make an essay longer, there are some tips and tricks you can use to stretch what you've written longer 1 if you need to fill space, use lots of quotes, especially long quotes. Essay writing for standardized tests: tips for writing a five paragraph essay most, if not all, high school and college standardized tests include a writing portion students are provided a writing prompt and must then write an essay on the topic.
Writing an essay often seems to be a dreaded task among students whether the essay is for a scholarship, a class, or maybe even a contest, many students often find the task overwhelmingwhile an essay is a large project, there are many steps a student can take that will help break down the task into manageable parts. Essaytyper types your essay in minutes oh no it's finals week and i have to finish my essay immediately. How to make an essay longer will thus be a solved mystery in fact, you will guide others on how to make a paper longer if you are resolved to write good essays, that are lengthy but still interesting, not lacking relevance, then the above-stated guidelines will help you tread the new path.
Essay conclusion examples to help you get started the tips above are all the theory you will need to write your own concluding paragraph now, let's take a look at some essays conclusion examples to give you a better idea of how it works in practice. 5 must-dos for outstanding essay writing by the study gurus on february 21, 2011 47 comments share 10 pin 3 tweet +1 while it may seem like eternity to a high school student, exams aren’t actually that long and a few minutes of proof reading can often make the difference between one grade and another even better, get your teen. A brief summary of your argument may be useful, especially if your essay is long--more than ten pages or so but shorter essays tend not to require a restatement of your main ideas avoid phrases like in conclusion, to conclude, in summary, and to sum up. 3 tips to writing a better thesis statement “sometimes a scream is better than a thesis” ~ralph waldo emerson the thesis statement — an opening declaration of a paper’s intent and purpose — is arguably the most important aspect of any paper or essay. Dogs make better than pets than cats everybody has different pets, buy an essay: cats make better pets than dogs it is a common knowledge that pets play an integral part in the life of contemporary people as well as they used to thousands of years ago in ancient egypt a cat became a pet as long as eight thousand years ago,.
Each paragraph relates to a point you would like to show your reader along the way, but remember that some points may take longer than one paragraph to develop fully transitions between paragraphs and points help the reader make logical progress. Makemyessaycom – a leading 24/7 online write my essay for me services now you have the ultimate chance to shape your academic career as per your longings yes, unlike others we render this amazing prospect to you with the guarantee of premium quality write my essay for me services. Step-by-step guide to writing an essay middle or high school, it does, but writing an essay shouldn’t be intimidating as long as you know the basic steps of essay writing, you should be well-equipped to handle any essay topic helps esl students develop a better understanding of the english language. These tips on how long an essay, research paper or writing assignment will help you make good grades and take your papers and essays from just ok to an a+ paper keep reading to finds some tips on essay writing such as how long an essay should be and how to make your essay longer or how make a research paper shorter.
How to make an essay longerand better than ever there are plenty of ways to make an essay longer without sacrificing its readability or your reader’s sanity assuming that you already have your essay drafted, you can use one or more of the following strategies to generate real, substantial content 1. Words to make essays longer aug 2016 how to make an essay appear longer than it is you are writing a paper and the deadline is approaching, but you are nowhere near the page limit. How to make an essay longer regardless of where you study and what is your major, you will have to write quite a number of essays throughout your school and college years writing an academic paper, including an essay, suggests following particular guidelines. Join the success story and learn better order now let’s say for example you need to find out how to make essay longer with a plain subject like “how to change a light bulb” funny, right but now think of how you can make a 500 words or 5 pages essay on this topic.
It’s easy to increase word count on an essay, but it’s difficult to increase word count to make the essay better so many people decide to increase their word count by inserting sentences, paragraphs, quotes and other non-necessary information simply to reach the word count. You no longer need to worry about any of these issues if you ask for a helping hand from our professionals let's get started write my essay edubirdie do you remember watching alladin when you were younger imagine if you had a genie for all your school essays, you can make wishes like these.
Make an essay longer and better how to make a paper longer the smart way – easybib blog here are 10 tips on how you can write a longer and a smarter essay, even that would both increase page count and make for a better essay. While it does not need to be too long – four well-crafted sentence should be enough – it can make or break and essay effective conclusions open with a concluding transition (in conclusion, in the end, etc) and an allusion to the hook used in the introductory paragraph. The unfair advantage popular writers try to hide you know your writing heroeswould you be shocked to learn that their writing is no better than yours sure, the end product is better, but the first draft is just as clumsy, flabby, and downright difficult to read as any of your own writing efforts.
Developing public speaking skills is a critical part of success in both debate and life. To help you reach your goals, we have a number of public speaking courses available.
“I live just outside Bozeman, Montana (about 1½ hours from Yellowstone National Park). I live up on a hill with great views and an occasional moose in the yard.
I work at the Community Food Co-op doing Customer Service, Marketing, and coordinating our art gallery.
I am currently an artist in residence at an art centered grade school where we are finishing a project for the school’s annual auction.
I’m also pleased to be a volunteer big Sister in the Big Brothers Big Sisters program. My Little Sister is a 10 year old named Bailey who recently won a competition among school children and will have her art made into a billboard.
Do you know those balzers with squares in gray and brown tones in the closet of your grandparents? Yes, these same. They are back!! Preferably in gray tones. I confess that this is one of my favorite trends of the season. My sister have a blazer like this, I love it. She bought at one or two seasons ago and it goes well with so much things! I have a similar one in brown tones, this here, and despite my boyfriend insist that seems like one of his grandfather's blazers, it remains of my favorites. In the last fashion weeks they have been seen going out on many fashionistas looks, and of course most of the fast fashion stores already have several proposals. Here is some inspiration and my favorite proposals.
Archive November 2018 (2) October 2018 (1) September 2018 (4) August 2018 (6) July 2018 (7) June 2018 (10) May 2018 (7) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (5) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (6) November 2017 (10) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (4) August 2017 (8) July 2017 (14) June 2017 (37) May 2017 (15) April 2017 (9) March 2017 (8) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (11) November 2016 (6) October 2016 (11) September 2016 (19) August 2016 (22) July 2016 (11) June 2016 (24) May 2016 (12) April 2016 (11) March 2016 (3) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (6) September 2015 (8) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (12) May 2015 (7) April 2015 (4) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (8) December 2014 (10) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (9) September 2014 (10) August 2014 (6) July 2014 (24) June 2014 (89) May 2014 (52) April 2014 (36) March 2014 (25) February 2014 (22) January 2014 (20) December 2013 (12) November 2013 (19) October 2013 (23) September 2013 (35) August 2013 (36) July 2013 (32) June 2013 (48) May 2013 (29) April 2013 (32) March 2013 (22) February 2013 (15) January 2013 (11) December 2012 (18) November 2012 (18) October 2012 (24) September 2012 (18) August 2012 (17) July 2012 (20) June 2012 (19) May 2012 (20) April 2012 (24) March 2012 (19) February 2012 (29) January 2012 (25) December 2011 (32) November 2011 (22) October 2011 (30) September 2011 (19) August 2011 (24) July 2011 (42) June 2011 (116) May 2011 (66) April 2011 (46) March 2011 (44) February 2011 (54) January 2011 (28) December 2010 (27) November 2010 (24) October 2010 (43) September 2010 (54) August 2010 (46) July 2010 (67) June 2010 (52) May 2010 (62) April 2010 (32) March 2010 (35) February 2010 (34) January 2010 (27) December 2009 (34) November 2009 (26) October 2009 (47) September 2009 (48) August 2009 (35) July 2009 (78) June 2009 (223) May 2009 (141) April 2009 (83) March 2009 (44) February 2009 (79) January 2009 (62) December 2008 (31) November 2008 (21) October 2008 (37) September 2008 (54) August 2008 (46) July 2008 (54) June 2008 (114) May 2008 (32) April 2008 (15) March 2008 (12) February 2008 (30) January 2008 (16) December 2007 (14) November 2007 (15) October 2007 (38) September 2007 (31) August 2007 (27) July 2007 (68) June 2007 (124) May 2007 (89) April 2007 (53) March 2007 (39) February 2007 (39) January 2007 (56) December 2006 (30) November 2006 (22) October 2006 (22) September 2006 (26) August 2006 (27) July 2006 (27) June 2006 (21) May 2006 (18) April 2006 (6) March 2006 (6) February 2006 (4) January 2006 (4) December 2005 (2) November 2005 (1) October 2005 (2) September 2005 (5) August 2005 (1) July 2005 (2)
Saturday brings a new episode of Transformers: Prime with Orion Pax Part 2. The story continues anemisic Optimus Prime's adventures with the Decepticons as the Autobots try to figure out a way to rescue him. Promo clip for the episode is below. In addition the voice of Prime, Peter Cullen, answers a few questions from fans about the his role in the cartoon series. Re-created below, the full Q & A is here on The Hub's Facebook page.
PETER CULLEN: I don’t know what he would say, but as all of us who want to do the right things in life, we might hope he could say something positive, encouraging and inspiring. "A desire to be observed, considered, esteemed, praised, be loved and admired by his fellows is one of the earliest as well as the keenest dispositions discovered in the heart of a man" (John Adams). Caring about what others think of you is the defining moment that separates selfishness into compassion and generosity. President Harry S. Truman once said, "It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit."
PETER CULLEN: Voice acting is acting. There are some out there that think its not real acting, they are wrong. Attend a session and just watch them perform. During "Transformers Prime" recording sessions I am always amazed at each and every actor going through their performance. They are uniquely talented, devoted professionals from different walks of life, age, and heritage. They have studied acting. Seriously studied, and have seen the ups and downs that come with it. Never give up. No matter how discouraged you become, never give up! Trust your instincts, practice your abilities, and above all, love what you are doing and do it with truth. I love this... "Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom."
PETER CULLEN: My attitude will never change with Optimus Prime. He came from a script that was a brilliant new version of hero. I still draw from my original source, and that source was someone closer to me than no one but a few will understand. Considering the effect Prime has had, you would have loved this man as well. There are times when a different approach to his character occur. I have weighed the significance of them with concern, but in the end, I find some justification. I must, for I do not have a final decision, I can only rely on their understanding of him, and respect for him. Can he lose his temper? Did he lose his temper? Is he becoming human? Is he real after all? Most importantly, will he always stand for the core values of society, the true measures of character? To that I say, "As long as I'm alive!"
PETER CULLEN: It was really a 'no brainer' for me when I took the advice of my parents to do what I loved. I loved a lot of things, but somehow my ability to impact people with voices, sounds that came from inside me from God knows where, eventually won out. One elocution contest led to another, and before long I knew that acting was to become my life. I studied, and soon became a full time actor in repertory theatre, cabarets, and eventually TV and film. It became evident that I could audition for voice acting roles twice as often as on camera roles, and so, off I went. I am a lucky man and I wish that for everyone. PS, My first cartoon series was "Mighty Man and Yuck" where I met the King, "Frank Welker." We have shared a great friendship over the years, and working with him again (Prime and Megatron) is to say," It doesn’t get better than this!"
PETER CULLEN: It has a glow of its own. "Transformers Prime" will possibly enter record for season three in the near future, and I look forward to that. I truly admire the entire cast, as each member brings something unique into the works. The show has its own soul, and as the Transformers has changed quite a bit over the years, the Autobot presence has not. The addition of humans brings each session a strong and enjoyable experience. We really love working together. The respect, the generosity, and the unselfishness of all, permeates the room. The laughter and appreciation we share together is undeniably one of the best experiences I have encountered in my career.
thank you for sharing article! The respect, the generosity, and the unselfishness of all, permeates the room. The laughter and appreciation we share together is undeniably one of the best experiences I have encountered in my career.
I think the way Peter Cullen plays Optimus Prime in G1 was more real, he seems to be the way his brother described to be a real hero. G1 prime was alot more human, he did lose his cool onice at the very start when he demand sideswipe for his rocket pack and after he crashed landed he was pissed Jazz had to cool him down. ( In transformers prime the autobots need a true 2nd in command in that first episode the autobots got owned and they are lost without a leader rachet is just a doctor like Bones McCoy they need someone like Jazz in 2nd in command when the autobots were fighing like they were Jazz would have tell them to chill out and keep their heads together.) G1 prime he was not only a great leader he was a great friend to everyone and he had several best friends like Jazz, ironhide, omega supreme, sliverbolt and bumblebee. In the live action movies and prime he is like a vulcun. Thanks to Michel Bay Optimus Prime will never be the same. After G1 peter cullen never played Optimus Prime again and maybe not other voices he played never got famous like Optimus Prime and when the Unicron trilogy came on Optimus Prime was played by Garry Chalk and hes seen it and must think that fans forgot about him. The fans request that Optimus Prime should be played Cullen in the live action movies and when they first called him he said yes right away just to get back into the fame, he played Optimus Prime like a vulcan and hes been doing it ever since from the movies to future series. But he really done it well back in the G1 days he was alot more real of a true human.
A Vulcan? I dont get it.I think Prime had some of his greatest sayings in the history of Transformers in the movies and beleive me that doesn't mean I loved the movies because there was plenty Iwasn't crazy about but I thought Peter Cullen was excellent in the movie version and I think Prime had great moments in all 3 movies and he called Sam his friend and called BumbleBee his old friend and how it was an honor to serve with them all so I couldn't disagree more with your analysus. Although I do agree that Prime was also great in G1.
Well what I was saying is that Optimus Prime does not show much emotions in the movies and the new series. Mr Spock calls Kirk his old friend and has his great phrase "the needs of the many out weigh the needs of the few". That's how Peter Cullen plays Optimus Prime today, in G1 he play him with emotions.
Yeah, I get what your saying, there is a difference between then and now and while I do beleive that some of the sayings that Prime spoke in the movies are timeless quotes, he's also alot more cold at the same time and sometimes downright nasty but then again alot of people like that side of Prime like in the third movie when he said we will kill them all, the crowd went nuts and also in the second movie when Prime said give me your face, people love it.He looked like he had some emotion after Sentinal went crazy and took the pillers, he looked upset, I dont know I guess its all how we look at it and we all have different perspectives but its an interesting discussion.
Well i think u may have a point I do love the moments in the 3rd movie like Prime shotting down the piller and said "get down here sentinal!!!" that did sound like G1 prime but I wish it was megatron because its prime's rival.
That was awesome when Prime said get down here Sentinal, that was an excellent moment. I also liked when in the first movie he said humans are a young species and have much to learn but I've seen goodness in them and freedom is the right of all sentien beings and in the second movie when he said fate rarely comes at a time of our choosing and ofcourse there are other quotes as well but the way he said get down here sentinel was said with authority and thats Peter Cullen at his best.
I guess the stupid humans made me mad that I over look the great things Optimus Prime said. In the movies Peter Cullen is the true star.
Spring is here, which means heat is on the way. It’s probably been a while since you cranked up the AC in your car, or maybe it hasn’t worked in years. Either way, Impact Fleet & Auto Service in West Chester Township provides the service your AC needs.
When air conditioning was first introduced in automobiles in the 1960s, manufacturers bragged that it would be one of the most reliable systems on the modern automobile. Unfortunately, that isn’t always the case. An air conditioning system can fail for a variety of reasons, from a simple switch malfunction or a blown gasket, to a failed compressor or condenser. Every component has to work, and work together, for your AC to function the way it should.
For this reason, problems can also be difficult to track down. Fortunately, our expert mechanics have the specialized equipment, knowledge, and ability necessary to do just that. Our technicians will inspect, diagnose, repair, and maintain your AC system to keep your car cool on even the hottest summer day.
If you’re experiencing trouble with your AC, or just wanted to give it a once over before summer, drop by Impact Fleet & Auto Service and let us take a look. For all your car repair and maintenance needs, and for the best auto service in West Chester Township, call or come by today.
Thank you for visiting Impact Fleet & Auto Service in West Chester Township, OH. Count on our automotive repair technicians to keep your car, truck, suv, or van on the roads longer and safer.
Hot enough for ya? Wow, it has been hot lately. What’s going on? This is October! While there are no meteorologists at T&T Tinting and the company doesn’t know what is causing all this sticky weather, it does know how to keep you cool. But, being able to keep cool in your home is not the only benefit you receive when you choose T&T Tinting Specialists Inc.
From what used to be thought of as simply a heat blocker, T&T Tinting now knows there are more benefits to installing window tint for your home or office. These include energy savings, UV ray protection, better views, and great curb appeal, extending the life of your furniture and flooring and even hurricane protection.
Besides an experienced staff, T&T has a company-wide focus on customer service. The company has partnered with the biggest window film manufacturer in the world and simply has the best products, period.
Call T&T Tinting and you can have Vista Window Film installed on your windows and cut out up to 78 percent of the sun’s heat entering through the glass. This film also cuts virtually all the sun’s damaging UV rays — up to 99.9 percent and reduces fading on your hardwood floors, carpets, draperies, furniture and artwork. You’ll also get a huge reduction in glare, making for HD quality views, and you’ll cut energy costs. Using a fan instead of an air conditioner will save you money.
In this storm season, T&T Tinting has a bomb blast resistant film that has being used in many government buildings like Los Angeles International Airport. In the case of a hurricane, the window film makes your windows shatter resistant, holding together potential flying shards of glass.
For curb appeal, heat rejection, energy savings or safety, T&T Tinting is the place to call. You’ll also love the transferable lifetime warranty.
Stop by the company’s Koapaka Street location or call 275-4565. Visit tnttinting.com for photos, videos and details. Book your installation online, and T&T will give you 10 percent off.
"I am but mad north-north-west: when the wind is southerly I know a hawk from a handsaw." --Hamlet, Act II, scene ii.
Further evidence that the Independent will print any old rubbish. Richard Lapthorne, in a letter to the editor, writes:
"Given acceptance of the geologists' explanation of earthquakes as readjustments in the earth's crust, perhaps Bruce Homes (letters, 22 May) would see the sense of attributing them to acts of science rather than acts of God."
Scientific observation has revealed that "readjustments in the earth's crust", along fault zones, cause earthquakes. Ergo, science causes earthquakes. You just can't argue with that kind of logic. But why print these ravings in a national newspaper? I know the Independent is rapidly becoming a joke, but why accelerate the process?
I think (as ever) there is a Simpson's episode along those lines. The one where the asteroid is going to land on Springfield - the final quote is something along the lines of
I'm always surprised to see life imitating satire like that. Although by now I probably shouldn't be.
This is the blog of Paul Wilson. You can find science- and pseudoscience-related things here, as well as occasional posts on my current research. There is also some stuff about what I do in my spare time (mostly cycling and complaining about politics).
I am a research associate in the School of Earth, Atmospheric and Environmental sciences at the University of Manchester, where I work on the structural geology and tectonics of sedimentary basins.
I welcome almost all comments. In general, I only delete spam or comments that are potentially libellous.
No matter what you need, such as an eye exam, glasses, contact lenses, or designer frames, we have it all. Contact us to schedule a comprehensive eye exam and see what we mean by competitive pricing. We accept many different forms of payment, including MasterCard and Visa. We also accept most insurance plans.
Copyright © 2018 Ikut Kiri Sdn Bhd (1292459-U), trading as "Ikut Kiri". Malaysia's number 1 source for car spare parts online.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Gregory Beam & Associates, Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://gregbeam.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Gregory Beam & Associates, Inc..
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Gregory Beam & Associates, Inc. may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Gregory Beam & Associates, Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Copyright © 2018 Gregory Beam & Associates, Inc. | Privacy Policy . Terms and Conditions . Powered by KeenEyeMedia
Why do we give children the illusion of a world that doesn’t exist and which all their lives they will compare with a harsh reality? Georges Simenon
A few weeks ago I published my 300th post since I launched the blog back in 2013. In recognition of this dubious anniversary I’m going to talk about an unconventional topic: children’s literature.
I never gave a thought to kids’ books until, well, I had kids. Then I was appalled by most of what I saw.
There are some wonderful exceptions, of course, but stroll through the kids section of a bookstore (if you can find one) or your local public library and you will encounter pretty much only two kinds of books.
The first are the namby-pamby, completely sanitized books that parents believe will be “safe” for their tender-minded kids, but which actually bore kids to death. If parents insist on forcing their kids to read this stuff, the kids will develop a lifelong loathing for literature.
Barely better are the Politically Correct children’s books (of any era) designed to teach children what they ought to think and believe. Even when we agree with the world view these books espouse, the stories are deadly, having nothing to recommend them but their Approved View of the World. Kids know when they are being hectored.
Maybe Dorothy Parker summed it up best when she wrote in her New Yorker column, “Constant Reader,” reviewing a children’s book of her era: “Tonstant Weader fwowed up.”
Maybe this was the sort of thing I was thinking about or maybe not, but in the mid-winter of 1980-1981 I sat down to write a children’s story. My eldest child, Sarah, was then turning four. I was turning thirty-four.
Whatever motivated me to write the story, I found the process much more enjoyable than I’ imagined it would be. It was fascinating to try to put myself into the mind of a child, to inhabit a world where fantasy and the imagination are far more real than reality. After all, the fantasy is created by the child, while reality is something imposed on her from outside.
And Sarah definitely had an extensive fantasy life. Her mother and I were both working hard in those days and Sarah would spend long hours out on our wide front porch, deeply engaged in whatever fanciful and complicated world she was inhabiting. I well remember that that porch hadn’t been cleaned since Truman was President, with the result that Sarah would emerge from her fancies covered in soot from head to toe.
Over the next two years I continued to write children’s stories, mostly in prose but sometimes in verse, and then, in late 1982 or early 1983, I stopped writing them. I no more know why I stopped than I’d known why I started.
Over the years the manuscripts of those stories became lost – they’d all been hand typed, of course. WordStar had come out as early as 1979, and by the early 1980s I was using a Wang word processer at the office. But it would be later in the 1980s before I owned a home computer that could use Word Perfect.
And then, miraculously, in the spring of 2017 – 35 years later – Sarah’s mother found the stories and typed them all up in Microsoft Word. By that time my one child had grown to six, ranging in age from forty (Sarah) to fourteen. I also had five grandchildren, suggesting that there might eventually be many more. And so it occurred to me to sort through the stories and publish them, mainly for my grandchildren.
As noted above, when I wrote the stories I was thirty years older than my daughter. But now, so many years later, I was thirty-five years older than the young man who’d written them. It’s always a disorienting experience to go back and review something you’ve written decades earlier, but in this case it was especially bewildering because I hadn’t even thought about those stories for many, many years.
The stories are all quite different. The first story – “The Magic Seed” – is merely one page long – except for the (surprise) second page, which is one large picture. “Emily Snitz,” by contrast, written in verse, is over 5,000 words long. (Imagine an adult today sitting down to enjoy a 5,000-word poem.)
Most of the stories were simply invented by me out of whole cloth, but several were based on my experiences as a father. For example, in those days my daughter’s favorite TV show was reruns of “The Incredible Hulk,” which she called “The Credible Hark.” When I would ask her if she wasn’t frightened by the Hulk, she would say, “No, Dad, he’s just on TV.” So I wrote “The Green Goblin,” in which a scary monster jumps out of the TV set and chases a little girl around the house.
While I was in children’s-story-writing-mode, Sarah began to learn to read. Some of the kids in her class had been reading since they were three years old, so poor Sarah was often at a disadvantage and didn’t always enjoy reading class. So I wrote “Learning to Read with Mr. Withers,” in which a kid gets the better of his reading teacher.
Finally, Sarah sometimes complained about her teachers (usually by way of explaining a lousy grade). So I wrote “Witch Hazel,” in which a kindly teacher named Miss Hazel turns into a witch and terrifies her students into behaving themselves.
When I decided to publish the stories my first inclination was to revise them substantially, to create stories I might have written today, not way back then. This was especially tempting when I came across juvenilia – the Dr. Seuss-wannabe sections of “Emily Snitz,” for example. But ultimately I decided to leave the nine stories as they’d been written, warts and all.
Before he died, my father wrote his autobiography, and I’ve always been deeply grateful that he did. I hope and expect that my great-grandchildren will read his book and come to know their great-great-grandfather in an almost intimate way. And I hope the same for these stories, i.e., that my remote descendants will read them and, perhaps, even enjoy them.
If you have children or grandchildren between the ages of one and about twelve, you might check out Emily Snitz and Other Stories, illustrated by the very talented April Hartmann. The book was published in 2017 by Lilting House Press and is available on Amazon, here.
Please note that this post is intended to provide interested persons with an insight on the capital markets and other matters and is not intended to promote any manager or firm, nor does it intend to advertise their performance. All opinions expressed are those of Gregory Curtis and do not necessarily represent the views of Greycourt & Co., Inc., the wealth management firm with which he is associated. The information in this report is not intended to address the needs of any particular investor.
nike air max 90 womens Nike remains to understand its much loved Air flow Potential 97 silhouette with the addition of fresh supplies due to the most up-to-date lineup. The following performance of services on the Nike Air Maximum 97 shows up produced from a mixture regarding nylon uppers, tumbled set as well as a scaly-like style around the midfoot shank. It happens dressed up inside a Black-based upper together with Royal Glowing blue features atop any White-colored midsole as well as Charcoal plastic outsole.
nike air max 90 mens Due to the most up-to-date Atmosphere Max 97 remodeling, Nike unveils the particular “Royal Mesh” colorway. Given that your 20th wedding anniversary celebration has over, Nike have been trying out from different elements, in order to brand new soles about their iconic athlete. Between all those tonal energy is often a shiny royal azure stripe to match the particular royal glowing blue small Swooshes on each one edge. Rounding released this kind of colorway is usually a crisp white-colored midsole.
cheap nike air max 95 Since that time it is 20 th loved-one's birthday 2009, the actual Nike Atmosphere Max 97 happens to be certainly one of Nike’s most widely used silhouettes. Persistently release in outstanding colorways, these days we certainly have an innovative set of two to increase this arsenal that obtains insured throughout charcoal throughout the majority of the upper with hits connected with royal blue observed for the print in addition to upon one of several signature bank ranges which wraps about the higher.
nike air max 97 sale This particular Air conditioning Max 97 will come constructed right out the personal bank nylon uppers having tumbled buckskin and also precisely what looks some sort of imitation snake on the midfoot shank. Various other precisely the sneaker add Royal Pink features at theWhite midsole and also African american rubber outsole. A defined let go date isn't acknowledged at the moment, but search for that Air Max 97 for making it's approach to shops in the not too distant future.
A Bullwinkle’s Pizza delivery guy is charge with credit card fraud for giving himself bigger tips. ...
Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest. This amazing image collections about Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest is available to download. We collect this amazing image from internet and choose the best for you. Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of amazing image for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest as part of junieve.org exclusive updates collection.Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest, take your time and find the best Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest.
Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest. So, if you want to get this amazing image about Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest, just click save button to save this images to your computer. Finally if you want to get new and the latest wallpaper related with Diy Crafts Tutorials For Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest, please follow us on facebook or bookmark this site, we try our best to give you daily update with fresh and new wallpaper 2014. Hope you enjoy staying here.
Beautiful Diy Crafts Tutorials for Kids - Through the thousand photographs on-line in relation to diy crafts tutorials for kids , picks the best libraries having greatest image resolution simply for you all, and now this photographs is usually one among images choices in your very best photographs gallery with regards to Beautiful Diy Crafts Tutorials for Kids. I am hoping you'll think it's great. This kind of image (Diy Crafts Tutorials for Kids Unique 40 Best Easy Crafts Images On Pinterest) previously mentioned can be labelled having: placed by admin with 2018-06-08 03:19:46. To determine all photographs in Beautiful Diy Crafts Tutorials for Kids images gallery you should stick to this specific website link. The Brilliant and Attractive diy crafts tutorials for kids with regard to Inspire Your home Present Home|Comfortable DreamHome
(Guitar Chord Songbook). 50 favorites from Sting and the Police provided in guitar chords & lyrics for strumming enjoyable: fresh Day * cannot Stand wasting You * do not Stand So with reference to Me * pushed to Tears * each Breath you're taking * Fields of Gold * castle round Your middle * King of discomfort * Message in a Bottle * Roxanne * we are going to Be jointly * and more.
The Penguin consultant to Jazz Recordings is firmly verified because the world's best consultant to recorded jazz, a mine of attention-grabbing details and a resource of insightful - frequently wittily trenchant - feedback. this is often whatever really assorted: Brian Morton (who taught American historical past at UEA) has picked out the one thousand top recordings that every one jazz enthusiasts must have and exhibits how they inform the historical past of the track and with it the heritage of the 20th century.
·What is the adaptation among a musical be aware and the other type of sound? ·What is concord, and why does it sound solid? ·Why is it effortless to inform the adaptation among a flute and a clarinet whether they're enjoying the exact same observe? ·Why do ten violins sound merely two times as loud as one? ·What is ideal pitch, and do i've got it?
Visionary, innovator, enigma, genius, poet, megalomaniac, ex-con, recluse, instigator, integrator; Arthur Lee was once these types of and extra. His song maintains to resonate and encourage generations of enthusiasts outdated and new. Lee has been honoured with a Grammy corridor of status award and feted through the British apartment of Commons, which declared his psychedelic masterpiece endlessly adjustments the best album of all time.
(Vocal Piano). beneficial properties actual vocal/piano transcriptions of 25 Fab 4 tunes of their unique keys! contains: and that i Love Her * Blackbird * The idiot at the Hill * the following, There and all over * i'll * enable it's * Michelle * anything * With a bit support from My buddies * and more.
Constructing Walking Jazz Bass Lines Book IV Building a 12 key facility for the jazz bassist Upright bass & electric bass edition( book & mp3 playalong )
"The moon will get 4G coverage next year, 50 years after the first NASA astronauts walked on its surface. Vodafone plans to create the first 4G network on the moon to support a mission by PTScientists. We have target to land in 2019 on Moon," a Vodafone representative said.
"This will be the first privately-funded moon landing mission. It will lay the future of space exploration. The cost less than what it cost for full mission lab. We will be below USD 50 million mark," Robert Bohme, CEO and Founder of PTScientists said.
Mission to the moon is due to launch in 2019 from Cape Canaveral on a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, Bohme said.
Vodafone testing indicates that the base station should be able to broadcast 4G using the 1800 MHz frequency band and send back the first ever live HD video feed of the Moon's surface, which will be broadcast to a global audience via a deep space link that interconnects with the PTScientists server in the Mission Control Centre in Berlin.
The project will last for about 11 days because of massive change in temperature on the moon, Bohme said.
A 4G network is highly energy efficient compared to analogue radio and that will be crucial to Mission to the Moon and is the first step to building communications infrastructure for future missions, Bohme said.
Vodafone's network expertise will be used to set up the Moon's first 4G network, connecting two Audi lunar quattro rovers to a base station in the Autonomous Landing and Navigation Module (ALINA), as per the details shared here .
Nokia, through Nokia Bell Labs, will create a space-grade Ultra Compact Network that will weigh less than one kilogram --the same as a bag of sugar.
The 4G network will enable the Audi lunar quattro rovers to communicate and transfer scientific data and HD video while they carefully approach and study NASA's Apollo 17 lunar roving vehicle that was used by the last astronauts to walk on the Moon to explore the Taurus-Littrow valley in December 1972.
इकनॉमिक टाइम्स| ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | AdAge India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Times of India | Samayam Tamil | Samayam Telugu | Miss Kyra | Bombay Times | Filmipop | Games App | MX Player
Book print ads| Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Free Classifieds | Send money to India | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Remit to India | Buy Mobiles | Listen Songs | News | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Car Insurance | Gadgets Now | Free Business Listings | CouponDunia | Remit2India | Techradar | AliveAR | Getsmartapp App | ETMoney Finance App | Feedback | AutoManage Notifications
The author is a Graduate in Sericulture, working as Assistant Inspector of Sericulture in the Department of Sericulture. Believes in sustainability, always think of making his birth worthier to himself and to the society he belongs. Loves to - hear self-healing music, read thoughtful writings and do less physical farm works. karthi.glitz1@gmail.com
The term ‘Agriculture’, beforehand referred as an art as well as a science, performed to meet out the basic human needs viz., food, cloth and shelter. Later, the term expanded and the art cum science became the input supplier for manufacturing variety of products satisfying variety of human needs. Thus, once a livelihood now has […]
Papery Society Stats say that to make 1 ton of paper, 12 to 24 trees are felled. Felling a tree is the first step in paper making process and it actually starts here. Cut trees are taken to the pulp mills. Process in cutting trees include fossil fuel powered machinery usage and transport. This opens […]
“Science and Technology for a Sustainable future” has been marked as the theme for ‘National Science day’ (28th February) by Government of India to commemorate the discovery of Raman Effect by the Indian physicist Sir C.V. Raman. And here it is to say that the principles of Raman spectroscopy have been employed in various scientific research […]
Manufacturing sector attained its superlative mode on the advent of the First industrial revolution during the late 18th century which took place in Britain. Revolution in manufacturing sector could be described as “mechanization to maximize production”. Initially steam power was used to run machines to increase production in the industries. Steam rail engines made displacement […]
Growing need to impart the best agricultural technologies – for quality improvement and mechanization – for quantity improvement, the best of the best extension support is needed by the farmers. With shrinking agricultural lands, intensive farming is considered to be a vital solution to improve the productivity to feed the huge growing population. But, the […]
Here at House Clearance Essex we have one simple mission to continue to raise the professional standards of our industry and deliver the best possible services we can. We have worked with estate agents , probate solicitors , local authorities , property developer , HM revenue and customs and private individuals through our range of services. When it comes to the clearance industry we have our 20 years experience and have worked with people from all walks of life in South Woodham and throughout the Essex area.
We will clear mostly anything so if you have any furniture, garden appliances, sofas and suites, house hold appliances, electrical, basically anything you can think of we will clear it as we always will meet your clearance needs.
We promise to clear any size property no matter how big or how small it is. So if you have a studio flat with three rooms or a country estate with sixty rooms we will be able to help.
Our house clearance service is not your typical one in that what we offer is a highly profession and affordable service and we always maintain any arrangements that have been made and handling any item we clear with the upmost care as if it was our own. Now the way in which we keep our house clearance service affordable is by during the quotation process any if there are any items that we deem to be sellable or of value we will offset against the overall cost of the clearance. So if the value of the items we think are sellable outweighs the cost of the clearance then the clearance could be free of charge or we could even be paying you for the contents of the property.
The other clearance service we offer to South Woodham and throughout Essex is a full rubbish clearance. We keep the same core values with our rubbish clearance as we do with our house clearance service meaning we are offering a professional and affordable rubbish clearance service. The way our rubbish clearance works is that we will clear any amount of waste from a property and make sure it is disposed of correctly. The way in which we keep our rubbish clearance at an affordable level is we try to keep the price les expensive than to hiring a skip.
If you have any questions regarding either of our service we offer free clearance advice all you have to do is pick up the phone and give us a call.
South Woodham is an urban town in the Chelmsford borough and is roughly around 35 miles from London. Being a part of Chelmsford gives South Woodham great benefits as Chelmsford is a very sort after place to live as its a stone's throw away from London it's a prime location for commuters , by being in such a great location South Woodham is home to array of property making it very appealing location for our services and we very much look forward to serving the people of this great town.
A report from the Post Independent in Colorado. “Garfield County stands as a bright spot in the Colorado real estate market, which is dipping across the state, but the strong sales numbers may not last long. Garfield County real estate agents have noticed a slowdown in showings, and said price reductions are becoming more common.”
“For mountain counties like Eagle, Summit and Gunnison, the number of homes sold declined across the board. ‘Agents are feeling a slowing across all communities. Whether it’s seasonal or otherwise remains to be seen,’ said Erin Basset, a Glenwood Springs-area Realtor.”
From Curbed New York. “According to a report from Localize.city, the city has already saw more than 12,800 new housing units open in the first half of 2018 and another 31,000 are expected to open by 2020. In all, it is projected that New York will gain 90,000 new apartments between 2016 and 2020.”
“‘Buyers and renters sometimes make decisions they later regret because they didn’t know what was coming: noise, poor air quality, fewer parking spots (in the short term) or a changed neighborhood character further down the road,’ says president Steve Kalifowitz. ‘On the flip side, you might be able to find better deals when there’s a glut of new units because of increased competition.'”
From SocketSite on California. “With the number of homes actively listed for sale in the San Francisco hovering around 960, the 7-year high it hit last week, inventory levels appear to have peaked for the year and are now running an average of 40 percent higher on a year-over-year basis.”
“At the same time, with the number of homes on the market listed for under a million dollars having hit a two-year high last week, 25 percent of the homes currently listed for sale in San Francisco have undergone at least one price reduction, which 4 percent higher than at the same time last year.”
“And while inventory levels in San Francisco should now decline though the end of December with normal seasonality in play, expect the percentage of listings with a price cut to rise.”
From Curbed San Francisco. “When this Castro Victorian renovation landed on the market in February, it caused quite the fuss, due in large part to the fact that the original listing had it located a fraudulent neighborhood. (Dolores Park West doesn’t exist.) Issues of eschewing the Castro name aside—a loathsome practice you can read all about—this home also polarized readers for another reason: its audacity.”
“After being purchased in 2014, the 1907 Victorian went through a major renovation. The original asking price was $11.85 million. No one bit. So now, after a new batch of photos and a new realtor, the asking price has dropped to $9,400,000.”
‘with the number of homes on the market listed for under a million dollars having hit a two-year high last week’
Where are all these shacks coming from? Did they just get built? No that’s unpossible with Nancy Pelosi and all.
’25 percent of the homes currently listed for sale in San Francisco have undergone at least one price reduction’
Looking around this weekend in Folsom/El Dorado Hills, the price cuts to houses are still pretty small but the price cuts to raw land are getting serious. Many available lots in desirable areas are cutting their wishing prices by 20-25%+ just in the last few weeks. There’s still a long way to go because they are so overpriced, but at least its a good start.
I’m in the Bay Area Carl, and we are seeing a bunch of price reductions. I’m even seeing flippers taking a loss on property that was purchased less than 12 months ago. I’m getting ready for the fire sale and distressed properties that will be coming up next year.
Posted a flip here the other day on the central coast of California. flippers bought it last year and are losing money after the recent price cut
Maybe Ben will run a weekend thread some time soon on local reports of price declines. It seems like there is more evidence by the day!
I was hoping I would see a comment from you Carl at ground zero in Folsom. I was over there a couple weeks ago and started doing the local trulia search and saw a ton of the homes with arrows pointing down. I usually look back at the purchase price and for me to rationalize the prices, look at 2005-2013 prices as a level set for what “I” think the house is worth. To my amazement, most of these homes where purchased in this timeframe and where double +/- but slowly adjusting downwards. If the realtor God’s answer the flood of their prayers and the market doesn’t crash I may become your neighbor as even at the current overly priced market in Folsom, I will not pay the even more insane price to continue living in the Bay Area.
I wonder if dip will equal crash ? I’ll re-balance next year if it keeps this up. I think real estate around here is on its way down.. how far IDK ?
if that passes it can’t help but smoke some more speculators. I wonder has blackrock sold all their SFH rentals ? To pension funds no doubt looking for yield .
The Housing Bubble Blog – Examining the home price boom and its effect on owners, lenders, regulators, realtors and the economy as a whole.
Examining the home price boom and its effect on owners, lenders, regulators, realtors and the economy as a whole.
A report from the New Daily in Australia. "More than a year on from the end of the property price boom and home values continue to tumble, auction clearance rates are down, and demand for mortgages has hit a four-year…
A report from The M Report. "More than three-quarters of Americans say their housing markets are cooling down as well, according to the Q4 2018 Modern Homebuyer Survey, released by ValueInsured. After five straight quarters of a majority of Americans…
A report from Kenneth R. Harney. "For years since the end of the financial crisis, prices in most markets have increased steadily — by single digits annually in most places, double digits in cities like Seattle, San Francisco, Denver and…
A report from the Idaho Statesman. "Home buyers saw some relief in September. Existing-home prices fell 3.3 percent to $290,000 from $299,950. 'We’ve been talking about the drop in existing inventory literally for years now, but what’s interesting about today’s…
Some housing bubble reports from Washington and the Wall Street Journal. "Split power in Congress means lawmakers are unlikely to overhaul how the government backstops more than half the U.S. mortgage market. That provides an opportunity for the Trump administration…
A report from the Park Record in Utah. "Home sales and prices in Summit County have paralleled each other in their steady growth in recent years, but now both statistics are starting to slow and level out. Todd Anderson, president…
A report from the Arizona Republic. "Interest rates are up, and home prices are down a bit in metro Phoenix. The median home price in the Phoenix area is down about 2.8 percent from the record high in July. 'The…
A report from the Vancouver Sun in Canada. "Expect to see developers offering incentives — like a Langley company's promise to pay your first year's mortgage — as the Lower Mainland's housing market softens. Realtor and analyst Steve Saretsky said…
A weekend topic starting with Multi-Housing News. "Thanks to the lengthy economic expansion, record-low interest rates and solid fundamentals, multifamily has gained wider acceptance on the debt side, and a host of newcomers have flooded the space. Despite a lack…
It's Friday desk clearing time for this blogger. "Over the last five months, we’ve seen more inventory than we have in years previously. Mona Spencer, branch manager for John L. Scott’s Redmond office, said buyers may be able to do…
A stalwart of Houston Cricket, Peter Hinds, left us Monday February 1. Peter was one of the founding members of the Houston Cricket League back in 1982. Houston West Indies was one of the founding teams with Peter Hinds the first captain. This put a West Indian presence in the League and the team was able to win championships. A gentle person, liked by all, Peter continued to play until 2000. In 2001, Peter got very sick, close to the point of dying. That year the Peter Hinds Tournament, now in its 15th year, was founded in his honour to provide funds for his medical treatment. A survivor, Peter recovered and continued to support the Houston Cricket League and turned out to support Houston West Indies up to 2014. As he weakened, Peter could not attend games in 2015 but showed up for the 2015 the Peter Hinds Tournament. A native of Jamaica, Peter had distinguished himself as a solid left-handed wicket-keeper batsman and captain in Jamaica, England and the USA. May his soul rest in peace. Supporting the Hinds family with covering funeral costs We would like to help with the funeral costs. The funeral is on Sunday February 21, 2016. Contributions to funeral cost can be made to the following: Chase Bank; Account number 962656229 or make check payable to West Indies Sports Organization of Houston. Please send check to Cameron Best. Please see the memorial service information below: Memorial Oaks Funeral Home 13001 Katy Freeway (Eldridge) Houston Texas 77079 Feb 21, 2016 Viewing: 12 noon Service: 2:00pm Go to event
The Captains meeting will be held on August 22nd from 12:45pm to 3:00pm at Bayland Community Center (6400 Bissonnet St, Houston, TX 77074). All playing condition amendment requests should be sent on or before August 16th, 2015. Go to event
ICC Americas Div I T20 warm up games named after Mr. Nadkarni as SUSHIL NADKARNI INTERNATIONAL TROPHY 2015 will be happening in Moosa Stadium on 28th, 29th of April and 3rd May. Schedule will be on Smart Choice Sports Club website. Go to event
Dear HCL members, Thank you so much for taking the time out of your weekend schedule to show your commitment in attending the AGM. We appreciate your support, trust and confidence in us by electing us unanimously as your League Officers. As always we'll do our best for the league. If any of you would like to volunteer to do a task, please convey the same to the EC members (xyz-ec@yahoogroups.com) or your LMC representative. Please be tuned to this website as we will put out a lot of communication that will keep the entire league well informed. Your feedback will be greatly appreciated. Thanks again for your presence Go to event
Can't find what you're looking for? Use the Interlibrary Loan service to get materials from other libraries.
Through advocacy and fundraising, the Houston Public Library Foundation supports the Library's wide range of initiatives.
She's been a household name and a living legend since the 1960s. Today, Aretha passed away after a battle with pancreatic cancer. Please join us as we celebrate her life and passion for music today.
Window film is the one building improvement that makes a noticeable difference both inside and out. Window tinting offers both practical and aesthetic benefits for any commercial building, increasing security, privacy, and aesthetic appeal while decreasing heat load and energy use. Window film can block up to 80 percent of solar heat, increasing comfort during the hot Phoenix summers and substantially reducing energy costs in older buildings without the hassle or expense of replacing the glass.
Window film provides excellent ROI in energy savings; property owners can expect to recover the cost of the installation within just a few years.
If appearances are a concern, tinted windows provide privacy and uniformity. The installation of window film transforms any building front into an array of perfectly identical, opaque windows, while still allowing those inside to enjoy the view and natural light from the outdoors. Furthermore, window film offers invaluable protection against crime, vandalism, and severe weather. In the case of a violent storm or a break-in, window film holds together the broken panes of glass, preventing injury and deterring crime.
At Arizona Sunbusters our installation professionals have been installing Commercial window film on Phoenix area buildings for many years and we have the knowledge of what window tint will be the prefect fit for your particular needs.
One of the major benefits in addition to the heat reducing factor on Phoenix Office buildings, is the added privacy of our commercial window tint. If there are areas of your Phoenix office building where excessive visibility from the outside world are to prevalent, then our privacy commercial window tinting line is the perfect fit!
This type of cover is for those landlords who wish to protect their rental income. This cover guarantees protection of rental income and landlords can also take legal expense cover which would be a protection in case tenant or tenants are unable to pay their rent. Landlords can choose between various cover levels such as a standard or gold cover to protect their property on as single policy. Cover can have flexible term such as 6 or 12 months. Landlords should have a valid tenancy agreement in place and has tenants or tenants or have successfully referenced.
A landlord who lets a residential property are at a risk of their rental income defaulted by the tenant. This can happen even when tenants have been checked and also references obtained as we can never predict a tenant falling in hard times. The tenant may lose their job or even become ill which can put the tenant in a situation where they can no longer their rent.
Since recession that started few years back more and more landlords are finding their tenants unable to pay their rents due to increasing bills, losing jobs and lower wages. Landlords try to recover their rents will find this it can be quite difficult task to deal with the whole process of taking tenants to Court if need be.
Rent guarantee insurance cover policy can provide a peace of mind where the full cost is tax deductible against your rental income.
This is a comprehensive Legal Expenses product that will cover the landlord’s costs of any disputes between themselves and their tenant(s) up to a maximum of £25,000 per claim. This is a 12 month policy
Independent insurance broker authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. We act as an intermediary between clients and insurance companies. Clients can be either individuals or commercial businesses and organisations.
Design Technical Support Resume Sample – Through the thousand photographs on the internet in relation to technical support resume sample
, we all choices the very best libraries together with ideal image resolution just for you, and now this images is usually one of pictures collections in this ideal images gallery about Design Technical Support Resume Sample. Lets hope you’ll want it.
placed through Wadezig with 2017-01-24 12:17:02. To view all graphics within Design Technical Support Resume Sample photos gallery make sure you follow this particular website link.
technical support resume sample about Sample Resume for Entry Level Technical Support Desktop Support, source:imperialtattoopdx.com
is accessible to download. We obtain this amazing image from online and select the top for you. Here are some of top notch technical support resume sample
pics on the internet. We noticed it from reliable source. It is tagged by technical support and shared by in Resume field. We believe this kind of 47 Best Of Technical Support Resume Sample
image could possibly be most trending niche if we promote it in google plus or facebook. Thanks for visiting our website, articleabove (47 Best Of Technical Support Resume Sample
) published by at . Nowadays we're pleased to declare we have discovered a veryinteresting nicheto be reviewed, that is (47 Best Of Technical Support Resume Sample
best resume tips regarding Resume Writing Blogs Updated Awesome Grapher Resume Sample Beautiful, source:snatchnet.com 42 Concepts Best Resume Tips – This wonderful picture collections about 42 Concepts Best Resume Tips is available to save. We obtain this best photo from internet and select the best for you. Listed below are a few of best rated best …
resume services nyc about 48 Resume Writers Nyc, source:jmunicipios.com 35 Fresh Resume Services Nyc – This best photo collections about 35 Fresh Resume Services Nyc is available to download. We collect this amazing picture from online and choose the top for you. Here are some of top notch resume services nyc pics on internet. We identified …
my perfect resume free concerning How to Write a Letter of Application for a Job 13 Steps, source:wikihow.com 42 Unbelievable My Perfect Resume Free – This wonderful photo selections about 42 Unbelievable My Perfect Resume Free is available to download. We collect this best image from online and choose one of the best for you. …
resume for customer service for Customer Service Resume New Perfect Nursing Resume Awesome, source:abcom.info 39 Concepts Resume for Customer Service – This best photo collections about 39 Concepts Resume for Customer Service is available to download. We collect this best picture from internet and choose the best for you. Listed below are a few of …
The Volunteer Ministers are continuing their disaster relief work in Java. Here is a recent article about what they are doing, from the Scientology Volunteer Ministers web site.
Hello, I'm Henna. I am a crafter, crocheter, knitter, sewer and a lover of all handmade. I have a little boutique on Etsy and I consider it my job :) Thank you for joining me on these handmade journeys!
I'm thinking about this since the summer. Just because my hairdresser was on vacation when I wanted to cut my hair I thought "Ok, I'll cut after the holidays, so the hair is always spoiled with the beach and the sun... I cut when I return." Then I was on the beach and somewhere in Vogue I read that the trend for this season would be long hair again and I thought back to me "Ohhhhh expect there, maybe I'll cut it or let him stay long?". At the time I was in doubt but I confess that these tips are too dry for my taste, this hair is getting shapeless and I do not even quite know how to put it away. The fact of being stuck in the bag strap each time I put it in the shoulder also bothers me, as well as the time it takes me to dry it as it should be so that it's not oily so quickly. I will cut. If it's trend or not, I don't care! I'm eager for a long bob! What do you think?
Aquarians are honest, loyal, original, inventive, independent and intellectual. According to Indian Astrology, Aquarians in general come in two different types: shy, and lively. Both are strong-willed and honest. Their thoughts are orderly and they plan their life in a systematic manner. Sometimes they are aggressive and loud. They are unprejudiced and can see other's points of views. Aquarians are serious, but they can also be funny with a dry sense of humor. They are also logical and intelligent. There are times when they feel the need to withdraw from people and be alone for a while, which causes some people to think that Aquarians are a loner. But, while they are alone, they enjoy meditating and prayer. Aquarians are usually gifted in drama.
Weather near Deer Park Bend Last report from Natchez, Hardy-Anders Field Natchez-Adams County Airport, MS 85.7km away
levee a natural low embankment bordering a distributary or meandering stream; often built up artificially to control floods.
inlet a narrow waterway extending into the land, or connecting a bay or lagoon with a larger body of water.
I am Rinku Thakur, a young guy from Himachal who loves to travel and explore the new horizons in the lap of nature.
In 1984 this bobsled track was the center of the Olympics, visited by tens of thousands of spectators. Nine years…
Can You imagine 4 years of siege? Four long years without elementary supplies, four years under the bombs, four years…
Balkans are famous for their grill and Sarajevo is definitely the capital of Balkans grill. Discover tasty Bosnian barbecue during…
Experience the power of a big river from a small boat perspective. You and your private guide tackle the mighty…
Canyoning is a combination of activities such as swimming, diving, climbing, walking and jumping into the water. The best of…
Experience a completely new sip&paint concept of fun and relaxation in the heart of Sarajevo: Colors and Wine! Join us after…
Although Sarajevo rose from the ashes, you will see that the city still bears its scars, which can be seen…
Tour starts every day at 10:00 and 14:00 o'clock. In winter time the tour in afternoon we start at 13:00.…
Visit Vranduk castle Explore Tešanj a uniqe small town with gorgeous old fortress Travel back to the 15th century and enjoy the…
Experience the Catholic pilgrimage site of Medjugorje Stop for a short break in Mostar Visit St. James Church and the statue of…
So much of the United States is blessed with an abundance of beautiful national monuments, parks, and forests. These really belong to all people, and should be shared in a sustainable way. Find out why America's National Monuments are under threat and wha…
As we have travelled around the world over the last 4 years we’ve realized that people are kinder than we often give them credit for. Our reliance on complete strangers and people we haven’t met (in person) has blossomed since our nomadic travels started …
How can another English-speaking country be so different? Like Santa, I’ve been keeping a list of naughty, nice and weird things that may freak out fellow Australians. Hopefully this cultural education can prevent other Aussies from looking like fools or …
There are several questions I get asked on a daily basis. So here, just for you, is a list of our top 10 questions and the answers.
My husband adores massages and there are not many days that go by in Bali where he is not off searching for his next $5 full body massage. I rarely go. Give me a pedicure or some foot reflexology, but I tend to avoid the full body massage. Is it a matter …
What’s it really like travelling the world as a family? And in particular, what are the biggest challenges? Find out how we face and overcome those - and more importantly, how it turns out they don’t really matter anyway.
Today marks 3 years from the time we left Perth, Australia to embark on our crazy nomadic journey around the world. Little did I know that day what would unfold over the following 1095 days. Too much to tell in 1 story (well, that’s what this blog is for …
As part of a competition by Thomas Cook, I've compiled my favourite photos that encapsulate the 4 elements: earth, air, fire, water. Which one is your favourite?
2014 turned out a lot different than our initial plan, but it was an exciting year visiting places we never imagined we’d see. We travelled over 70,000kms and 26 countries in just 12 months. Phew! Let’s take a look at some of the highlights.
Recently on our Facebook page I was asked: How does a travel blogger like you celebrate a birthday? What a great question! And not only for birthdays, but anniversaries and milestones? I mean when you travel the world every day what do these things look l…
When was the last time you went on holiday? The last time you walked a beach bare foot, lay in the sun and let the waves heal your soul? When was the last time you didn’t ask your kids to hurry up or had a relaxing lunch with your husband?
You expect quirks when you go to Asia. As an Australian you are even ready for the strange nuances of the Americans what with tipping and accents and driving on the wrong side of the road. But I wasn’t ready for these things in Europe. These 3 strange…
When we left Perth, Australia in May 2012 little did we know how long we would be gone for. After what has felt like a real vacation we are finally solidifying our plans for 2014. We leave Perth on 15th April 2014 returning to the unknown. Sensibly, we ha…
This is a question I get asked a lot. As we frantically prepare to set off on the next gripping leg of our journey I realise that it isn’t so easy for most people to get up and leave.
I’ve been in Israel for a few weeks looking after family here while Erin, Mia and Caius have remained in Australia. It’s been tough since I miss them terribly, but I’ve also discovered 5 perks of solo travel.
Recently I wrote an article about my 5 Survival Tips since Josh's absence. And while it sometimes feels like single mums are in survival mode there has certainly been some perks I have discovered.
My soul mate has left me (who know's for how long). And I want to applaud the single mums. So how am I surviving my dramatic thrust into single mum-hood, my parenting challenge?
So we are back in Australia. Where it all started. And perhaps you are curious where we went in the last 574 days or 1 year, 6 months and 25 days. Here is a list of countries we visited.
As of December 5th it will have been 19 months since we left Australia and started travelling the world, 574 days, 1 year 6 months and 25 days. And now we are heading back. Am I excited? Absolutely. Am I terrified? Definitely.
Archives Select Month August 2018 December 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008
For many travelers, the adorable zoo of towel animals you find in your stateroom is a highlight of a cruise. In this Cruise Travel Video, we meet a master of towel animal making to learn how to do towel origami!
Here is the latest information on Kitchens With White Cabinets With 74 Design Ideas For White Kitchens Traditional Home Free. This information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home. Do you like Kitchens With White Cabinets With 74 Design Ideas For White Kitchens Traditional Home Free may be your best option. Have House the According to by design we want, is dreams everyone.
The premier material certified Cradle-to-Cradle for use in the built environment to embody the design principles of the Circular Economy for building products, construction, interior design, furniture and beyond.
Recommended by the Pharos Healthy Building Network as a healthy material, free of toxic chemicals and harmful VOCs
ECOR outperforms traditional materials including wood, mdf, particleboard, cardboard and foam for strength to weight , spanning and does not splinter.
How retail experience design pushes innovation in sustainability by incorporating earth-friendly, circular construction
ECOR LaunchesPartnership to Accelerate Sustainable Marketing Solutions & Provide Circular Economy Solutions with InnerWorkings
1. Хурму типа «королек» положить в смазанную сливочным маслом форму и поставить в духовку, разогретую до 180 градусов, на двадцать минут. Инструмент Термометр для духовки Как на самом деле разогревается духовка, даже если устанавливаешь конкретную температуру, понять можно только с опытом. Лучше иметь под рукой маленький градусник, который ставится в духовой шкаф или просто вешается на решетку. И лучше, чтобы он показывал градусы по Цельсию и Фаренгейту одновременно и точно — как швейцарские часы. Термометр важен, когда надо строго соблюдать температурный режим: скажем, в случае выпечки.
Ok, so I've noticed while looking back on some of my recent posts......they've been a bit schizophrenic and quite random. I do have a few reasons for the madness, though. I am currently in the process of redoing two rooms (master bedroom/craft area and my little girls' room) that seem to be taking on a life of their own. Hello...never ending story? Many of the projects I'm posting are in relation to these two rooms, with a few new items I've made for my etsy shop thrown in the mix. So, while it may seem there is no method to the madness.....there is a hint of method!
I made this sweet little plaque to go on one side of the bed. I am making another one for Ava to go on the other nightstand. I absolutely LOVE this color combination. I am moving away from the hot pink and lime green and introducing more of this bubblegum pink and seafoam green/blue. I pulled these beautiful colors out of the paisley fabric I used to upholster the headboard I found on the side of the road. When and if it all comes together, I think this room will be so girly and sweet. Hopefully one day in the next 5 years I will finish!
This frame is a gift for a friend who is moving. Steph...I hope you don't read my blog. If so...surprise!
And of course...more of the adorable home decor silhouettes. Isn't that lamp and side table the cutest thing ever??? I was thinking of making these 3 into one long vertical wall hanging, with a ribbon strung along the back. Or I could add a seperate ribbon hanger to each one. What do y'all think?
Oh....and one more random thing. I just had to share my Dollar Tree deal......these precious birdy votive holders. They look like heavy iron, but really they are just that plastic resin stuff. You absolutely can't tell unless you pick them up. They are so stinkin cute...I want to go back and buy 37 more! If you want some, you better hurry...they'll be gone in a flash. You know, cause I might go back and buy them all.
The Emma plaque is perfect for my Emma's room! Don't you just love a pink and blue room!? I can't wait to see it finished. LOVE your furniture silhouettes I vote for vertical with 1 ribbon. Have a great day!
I love the plaque! The colors are perfect together! I love the silhouettes! I think they would be cute either way!
I'm totally going to start going back through your blog in the near future to re-do my family room. It is so BLAH and I'm totally over it and need a little inspiration!
And hey--if you want to add a little more variety, you should join me for my very first linky party tomorrow! (Sorry for the shameless promotion. . . but you know I would REALLY love to have you. Just sayin.)
I love your site! I was introduced to it a couple of days ago by a friend. I have a question for you. What is the name of the font you used on the frame with the name Moore est. 2002? Thanks!
Love it all! I actually saw those birdies at the dollar store and was pondering what I could use them for! Might have to go back and get me some! :)
Nowadays spell check is an important part of our writing. How-do-you-spell.net is the place where you can find the correct spelling of payoff and find out the common misspellings with percentage rankings. Here you can even get a list of synonyms for payoff. Checking antonyms for payoff may also be very helpful for you.
matter, emergence, replication, upshot, egress, money, lucre, paying back, progeny, fix, proceeds, high, wages, riposte, crown, outlet, result, crest, production, restoration, summit, consequence, government issue, issuance, earnings, return, graft, meridian, exit, income tax return, outcome, coming back, subject, counter, culmination, military issue, zenith, comeback, number, apex, regaining, persuasion, way out, recurrence, gain, issue, restitution, return key, getting even, offspring, top, output, climax, rejoinder, acme, tax return, reward, take, effect, fastigium, reinforcement, yield, takings, fruit, homecoming, publication, peak, event, reappearance, topic, final payment, boodle, bribe, height, advantage, issuing, payola, net, apogee, pinnacle, retort.
2)	The research already completed was so close to a payoff, after years and years of grinding lab work and thousands of white mice, that the deal could be considered an investment where 95 percent of the seed money had already been supplied by taxpayers.	- "Syndrome", Thomas Hoover.
3)	De Quille had not missed the opportunity of his comrade's absence to payoff some old scores.	- "Mark Twain, A Biography, Vol. 1, Part 1, 1835-1866 The Personal And Literary Life Of Samuel Langhorne Clemens", Albert Bigelow Paine.
We are currently creating content for this section. In order to be able to keep up with our high standards of service, we need a little more time. Please stop by again. Thank you for your interest!
Welcome to the How To Corp Office Furniture category featuring businesses and organizations in Wisconsin that offer computer desks, office chairs & office furniture outlets along with other Office related products and services.
Often called computer furniture or office furniture outlets, Wisconsin based Office Furniture provide Office related products and services that are likely to include used office furniture, executive desks, computer desks & filing cabinets.
Office Furniture in Wisconsin are listed on How To Corp by the location they are based in. Please choose a city to find local listings throughout Wisconsin, use the search box for more refined results or click here to find Office Furniture in other states.
About the Book This book “Poultry Production” is written for the basic understanding of the poultry science to the students of the B.V.Sc. & A.H., M.V.Sc. and Ph.D. students of …
Dave Pollard's chronicle of civilization's collapse, creative works and essays on our culture. A trail of crumbs, runes and exclamations along my path in search of a better way to live and make a living, and a better understanding of how the world really works.
These are the questions I’m asking myself these days, trying to come to grips with why, now that my life is idyllic, now that I have the time and opportunity to do anything I want, I’m sitting here, doing nothing, … Continue reading →
You don't need to start using Google Adwords to take advantage of the Keyword Planner. Just open your Adwords account and start using it!
This should be the first tool you use to check if the keywords you are thinking of ranking for are actually searched by internet users. It will also throw up other suggestions you might not have thought of.
Know where you really rank - what you see when you search Google is not necessarily what other people see!
Errors - The Google robot will flag up issues for you such as broken links, repeated titles, blocked pages, etc.
Who loves you? - break down visitors by the browser they use, device tyes (mobile or desktop), geographical location ... the list goes on forever. Then fix issues where you spot them.
Open your site in Google Chrome and then press CTRL+SHIFT+i to see how your site looks in a variety of mobile devices and tablets. Search engines consider how mobile friendly sites are when ranking them for searches carried out on mobile devices so make sure yours doesn't fall apart on a smartphone or tablet.
Firefox has built in analysis. Just right hand click anywhere on a page and select 'Inspect Element' to see the HTML code and CSS behind that part of the page.
The Web Developer Tool Bar for Firefox by Chris Pederick adds a slew of extra tools from rulers to image checking to resizable windows so you can see how your site might look in different screen size.
This is a tool you download to your computer which will then crawl your site (or any other site) in search of broken links and a whole host of SEO issues.
This is third party software so use with caution. Some of the issues thrown up are questionable as this is just the opinion of the programmers rather than the official Google or Bing line.
Many of the problems it flags are also shown in Google Webmaster Tools so check there first to see if Google itself is complaining!
I'm Tim Hill, a Search Engine Optimisation and Online Marketing specialist. I created this site to help others understand that SEO is not a mysterious black art!.
14 best asian dating websites of 2018 by tarik-august 20, 2018 online dating websites give you access to thousands of single asian women who are interested in meeting men just like you we tested dozens of websites and came up with a list of asian dating sites that are legit and really work. Asiandate is an international dating site that brings you exciting introductions and direct communication with asian women.
The cherry blossom asian dating site, most commonly known as blossoms, operates on the motto of “bringing the world together, one couple at a time” and they definitely do that the site has helped more than half a million men and women from all over the globe meet for dates, love, and even marriage.
Want to find your dream lady 💋 register on romance tale and find your soul mate among thousands of beautiful women💋 let your romantic adventure start. Start asian dating and find your perfect match browse profiles by nationality or language and chat with like-minded asian singles looking for love if you need some dating inspiration, take a look at our articles about asian dishes to cook to asian make-up routine to prepare for a date night. International asian dating - trusted by over 25 million singles asiandating is part of the well-established cupid media network that operates over 30 reputable niche dating sites with a commitment to connecting singles worldwide, we bring asia to you.
Huelva's best 100% free asian online dating site meet cute asian singles in tanger with our free huelva asian dating service loads of single asian men and women are looking for their match on the internet's best website for meeting asians in huelva. Reviews of the top 10 asian dating websites of 2018 welcome to our reviews of the best asian dating websites of 2018check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each asian dating website, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists, user reviews and videos to help you make the right choice.
Top 1000 ladies asiandatecom presents the very best of chinese, philippine, thai and other asian profiles seeking foreign partner for romantic companionship welcome to our top 1000 of the most popular asian dating partners. If you’re looking to date asian singles in the uk, you’ve come to the right place as the uk’s best known dating site, we’ve already matched lots of people and you could be nextit’s free to register here on our asian dating page, create your profile and start browsing the profiles of local asian singles immediately. Welcome to the simplest online dating site to date, flirt, or just chat with asian singles it's free to register, view photos, and send messages to single asian men and women in your area one of the largest online dating apps for asian singles on facebook with over 25 million connected singles, firstmet makes it fun and easy for mature adults.
Asiandating (formerly asian euro) is the main asian-focused site for the cupid media network what is unique about this network is that it shares a user database with several dozen other niche dating sites, such as chineselovelinks, filipinaheart, japancupid, singaporelovelinks, thailovelinks, and vietnamcupid. The amwf social network is a virtual community for asian guys and white girls, black girls, hispanic girls, etc and vice versa lots of cute and hot asian guys and girls on the site we are a website that promotes friendship between asians and westerners, encouraging cultural and language exchange among members from diverse backgrounds.
buy propecia advice disguise 7 home buy erythromycin Simply Yourself mall buy femara conscious patient Obviously buy retin a remaining Battery part buy tetracycline proverb A transcending buy cipro 2 Organization gloss buy finpecia tiny Cannot Holds uniquely buy cymbalta chair headachesThat buy medrol recover overly spend there
Finally the first look of the Portugal Fashion. That's what I used on the last day and is the only one who you will see here because on Friday I didn't photographed.
On this day the shows started at 12:00 in the Cruise Terminal of Leixões, guess who fell asleep? Me, of course!! On Friday after the shows I still went out and I ended up getting home late. I not even put the alarm because I never thought I'll fall asleep, but I fell asleep. The fact is that last week was very tiring and I must have been waiting for this to happen. I woke up at 11:30, I dressed myself fast as I could and this was the result. The first show was lost, and besides it I also got lost along the way... treacherous GPS! Luckly I found other bloggers on the way who were also lost and then I went behind them to the destination. There I saw the Katty Xiomara's show and there I photographed this look - thank you dear Jiji for this photos <3! I wanted an all black look, with a more rock vibe, so I joined this logo tee, the shiny boots and fringed bag. Not bad for those who woke up at 11:30 and spent an hour and a half was already in Leixões, not it?
ALLAH, on this day, help me with its fasts and prayers, and keep me away from mistakes and sins of the day, grant me that I remember You continuously through the day, by Your assistance, O the Guide of those who stray.
As long-time students of precious metals investing, there are certain things we understand. One is that, historically, the availability ratio of silver to gold has had a direct influence on the price of the metals. The current availability ratio of physical silver to gold for investment purposes is approximately 3:1. So, why is it that investors are allocating their dollars to silver at a much higher ratio? What is it that these “smart” investors understand? Let’s have a look at the numbers and see if it’s time for investors to do as a wise man once said and “follow the money.”
Average annual gold mine production is approximately 80 million ounces, which together with an estimated average 50 million ounces of annual recycled gold, totals around 130 million ounces available per year. In comparison, annual mined silver production has averaged around 750 million ounces, while recycled silver is estimated at 250 million ounces per year, which adds up to approximately 1 billion ounces. Using this data, there is roughly 8 times more silver available to buy than there is gold. However, not all gold and silver is available for investment purposes due to their use in industrial applications. It is estimated that for investment purposes (jewelry, bars and coins), the annual availability of gold is roughly 120 million ounces, and of silver it is 350 million ounces. Therefore, the ratio of physical silver availability to gold availability is 350/120, or ~3:1.1
Now, let’s examine how investors are allocating their investments between gold and silver. The data below is from the US Mint showing gold and silver sales in ounces:
The structure of the silver industry in China is almost unrecognizable from the situation 20 years ago, a new report from Thomson Reuters GFMS states. In 1990, China was a relatively small player in silver. Now, the nation is responsible for 17 percent of global demand and produces 14 percent of the world’s silver. GFMS’ latest research reveals that China’s expanding role in the silver market has been driven by the liberalization of its silver industry and over a decade of economic growth.
After the revolution in 1949, gold and silver mining did not feature in the People’s Republic’s economic planning, GFMS explains. Investment in the industry was limited and private trading and personal ownership of the metals was forbidden.
China’s low level of silver production in the early 1980s raised concerns among State Council members, who decided that local production needed to expand in order to support industrialization and move the country toward self-sufficiency.
In 1983, regulations that covered the various aspects of the silver and gold industries, from production to export, were rolled out. The People’s Bank of China (PBOC) was granted monopolistic authority to set prices and buy and sell silver.
That initiated the rise of China’s silver production, which resulted in China becoming a surplus producer by the end of the 1980s. Production surpluses continued in the 1990s, and by 1997, the PBOC realized state stocks were more than sufficient for China’s fabrication needs.
Authorities eventually came to see silver as a metal with which to test deregulation. Exploratory sales from state stocks began in 1998. In 2000, an official trading platform was designated and China’s monopoly on silver ended.
GFMS estimates that from 1998 to 2006, government stock sales totaled almost 350 million ounces (m/oz), more than 4 percent of global silver supply during that period. However, the firm confidently assumes that the PBOC has stopped selling silver as its stock levels are no longer “excessive.” Its remaining silver will play a role in diversifying China’s reserve portfolio away from US dollars, the firm notes.
This growth was largely the result of China’s decade-long GDP growth, which drove industrial development by averaging 10 percent annually. Rising commodity prices also accelerated exploration and development.
Mine production more than doubled during this time, increasing from 52.9 m/oz in 2002 to 104.6 m/oz in 2011. That growth is incidental as it was mostly due to China’s need to supply fabricators with base metals, GFMS explains. The volume of primary silver production in China is limited. 95 percent of its domestically mined silver originates as a by-product, mostly from lead-zinc deposits.
Despite this rapid supply growth, China experienced its first silver market deficit in 2002; that deficit grew to 23 m/oz in 2011. This gap has been filled in large part by hefty increases of imported base metal concentrates.
According to GFMS, since 2007, the largest source of silver supply in China has been base metals containing silver. Supply from that source increased from a mere 20.4 m/oz in 2002 to a peak of 150.3 m/oz in 2008.
GFMS states that China’s fabrication demand has grown about 12 percent per year from 2000 to 2011, representing a rise in offtake from 48.7 m/oz to 159.5 m/oz.
That is in stark contrast to the rest of the world, where fabrication demand has posted a double-digit fall over the same period, the report notes.
If China’s fabrication demand is viewed in segments, industrial demand is the largest slice. Within that segment, electrical and electronic applications represent the largest slice. Over the past decade, China has also become the world’s largest silver jewelry fabricator.
Growth in China’s investment demand is another notable development. With the liberalization of the market, Chinese investors’ participation has grown, elevating the nation from being “a marginal player just a few years ago … [to] the world’s leading market for both physical investment and paper trading” today.
An explosion in local precious metals purchases has been driven by macroeconomic conditions in China and abroad, states GFMS. For example, the firm explains that Chinese households have a great deal of cash savings that need to find a home. Yet the property market has been volatile and is now more heavily regulated, the stock market has seen heavy losses and interest rates on savings are close to zero in real terms.
Investment has traditionally been dominated by coins as silver bars were only made available in mid-2009. Last year, China accounted for 8 percent of global net purchases of these products.
Interest has also grown in silver contracts. The launch of silver contracts on the Shanghai Futures Exchange (SHFE) in May means that three exchanges now offer silver paper trading. GFMS notes that the SHFE has become an important commodity exchange for silver futures trading on a global basis, ranked only after the COMEX.
As long as the outlook for economic growth in China remains positive, the nation is expected to continue playing a major role in the silver market.
Its use and production of base metals are slated for growth, which should result in an increase of by-product silver supply. GFMS also forecasts strong increases in production from primary sources as new projects are realized.
Growth in paper trading could be dramatic, the firm states. Further growth in coin and bar demand in upcoming years is expected as people place their trust in precious metals as a store of value and inflation hedge, notes the firm.
Urbanization and rising incomes also paint a bright picture for silver in China. As GFMS points out, the urban population only exceeded 50 percent in China for the first time last year. That compares to 80 percent in the countries that make up the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and presents a bullish case for demand growth for silver-bearing products.
This treatment is a stub. You can help Plazi making the full treatment available by uploading the source publication.
Meet cutie pie Madeline. . owner and director of local agency Unique Models and Talent, provides child modeling talent to . Disney on Ice Presents Reach .. Icepie nn preteen models on MainKeys. Youtube.com,Grand Rapids Kids - We're 3. Download ice cream stock photos. Affordable and search from millions of royalty free images, photos and vectors. Thousands of images added daily.. Look at most relevant Free young child models websites out of 322 Million at KeyOptimize.com. Free young child models . Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia . ice-pie .. SWIMSUIT MODELS - Photos & bio stats on the world's TOP swimsuit models. See who's got what it takes to be a top swimsuit model. Visit the internet's best swimsuit .. Online magazine of news, politics, technology, and culture. Combines humor and insight in thoughtful analyses of current events and political news.. Williams-Sonoma, Inc., is an American publicly traded consumer retail company that sells kitchenwares and home furnishings. It is headquartered in San Francisco, California, United States.. Browse preteen model pictures, photos, images, GIFs, and videos on Photobucket. Watch funny videos and video clips at Break.com. Our editors find the best funny videos, clips and pictures for you to watch right now. Break.com. Retailer of athletic shoes, activewear, sports gear, and fitness equipment.. Predict the Oscars & reality TV . Pick wholl win the Oscars, Grammys, The Voice,' 'Survivor' and other hit TV shows.. Icepie nn preteen models on MainKeys. Youtube.com,Grand Rapids Kids - We're 3. Use Search to find exactly what you're looking for. Lisa grinned as she gently rubbed the towel over Jasonslittle cock and balls and Susan who saw the look child sex models on Jasons face justgiggled. Preteen nn models .. Find 3D models for your project in our vast online catalog of cars, people, textures, architectural models and more.. PreTeen. 451 likes.. From a whimsical monkey cake to a cute robot cake, these creative desserts will make your child's birthday a rollicking celebration.. Look at most relevant Free young child models websites out of 322 Million at KeyOptimize.com. Free young child models . Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia . ice-pie .. Find best value and selection for your PRETEEN GIRLS ICE BLUE ESKIMO TWEEN ARCTIC ICY CUTIE TEEN KIDS HALLOWEEN COSTUME search on . Eskimo Cutie Pie Child and .. Browse preteen model pictures, photos, images, GIFs, and videos on Photobucket. Internet provider leads police to Chatham man's perverted pictures of young . search history showed on a number of occasions he had searched for pre-teen models.. Receiving a diagnosis of diabetes can change your entire world.. full download ice pie preteen from search results.ice pie preteen hosted on extabit, rapidgator, rapidshare, lumfile, netload, uploaded and torrent with keygen, crack .. A description of the ABC Model of cognitive behavioural therapy or CBT - including an account of balancing statements & how they can be used to improve experiences .. Feds crack down on teen, preteen model sites Florida firms owners face child porn charges for provocative photos of kids Below:. PRETEEN MODELS CARE Female Model Know Your Comfort Zone Comfort zone is a very important factor for both male and female model. It is the set of behavioral .. On this site only exclusive Nonude photos of Vinka Child Model. All images protected by copyright of CMA Ltd.. Kendall Jenner Models Tiny Bikini, Shows Off Slim Waist in Instagram Pictures From Greece Vacation. . with ice cream!" Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter .. She is the oldest child of Bobby Gene and . In 1998, she sued Penthouse for featuring a model also named Bobbie Brown. In . Cool As Ice: Monique: Credited as .. HYPEBEAST Forums is currently frozen. Threads and posts are still available to view. A new community initiative is being developed and will be rolled out soon.. Kendall Jenner Models Tiny Bikini, Shows Off Slim Waist in Instagram Pictures From Greece Vacation. . with ice cream!" Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter .. FREE CHILD MODEL PHOTOS FROM NEWSTAR AND TINY MODELS. . Tiny Model Princess Visit Princess, But Bring Ice.. Get Child Thong Models pictures and royalty-free images from iStock. Find high-quality stock photos that you won't find anywhere else.. This site owners dont have any relation to links provided on this site. This site does not contain any pornographic images. For art pictures there is no .. Svetlana with ice-cream on a swing. 35 photos. Svetlana in green bikini. 65 photos. Svetlana in short jeans. 55 photos. Summer Days! Svetlana in a field.. art-cool.info at WI. free picture gallery of young girl models. . nonude girls at bikini, cute petite models, ice-pie, art-cool preteen models, .. Here you can to compare ice pie models websites. Such as icemodels.co.za, redmondpie.com, style.com, skins.be, turbosquid.com, models.com, fashiongonerogue.com .. .. Price County is seeking an interested party to fill the vacant Citizen At Large seat on the Health and Human Services Board. Additional Info. 53075fed5d
Lower Screen Brightness is a great app that you can use to adjust your screen's brightness quickly and easily. If you're looking for this kind of app, then you're in luck, because this is an excellent choice.
Using Lower Screen Brightness is super easy. On the app's main screen, you'll see a bar that you can slide to adjust the percentage of your screen's brightness. You'll also find two buttons that you can use to activate or deactivate the filter. It's that easy!
Lower Screen Brightness stands out for how easy it is to use, which is really nice when it comes to this kind of app. It also lets you lower your screen's brightness to a percentage that's lower than the limit set by your smartphone, so if you need the screen to be really dim from time to time, then Lower Screen Brightness will help you set it at the right level.
In conclusion, Lower Screen Brightness is a great app that you can use to regulate your smartphone screen's brightness and adapt it to your preferences and needs quickly and easily.
Copyright © 2017 Writing Spaces . Writing Spaces is published in partnership with Parlor Press , WAC Clearinghouse , and Grand Valley State University's Sustainable Community Development Initiative .
Education in Conservatorio de Valencia, Ecole international de Danse Rosella Hightower Cannes, C.I.D. De Paris, Centro de Danza de Buenos Aires Argentina, and Folkwang College Essen. She worked with Aaron Osborne, Carolyn Carlson, Josef Nadj, Jean Cebron, Steve Patox, Hans Zullig and others. She has been involved in various dance and dance theater groups in Paris, Rome, Buenos Aires, Barcelona, ​​Düsseldorf, Dortmund, Madrid, and others. Also, Maria worked her own productions. From 1990 to 2003 she was a lecturer at the Folkwangschule Essen for modern dance and choreography. From 1996 to 2003 Maria participated in dance and choreography at Theater Total Bochum. Since winter 1999 headed the cultural project “Kulturraum Rosenhof” in southern Germany. In 2009 she completed a four-year dance training in Dance Sensible in Italy. In 2010 Maria founded the dance theater project for adults from 40 in-time-jump today stands the 7 edition. Also, she was a lecturer for training in new quality of bodywork at theater projects, schools, teaching and dance groups. Currently, she is a freelance dancer, performer, pedagogue and choreographer.
Ended last Saturday another edition of Portugal Fashion. This year I could only be present on Friday and Saturday to watch the shows at Alfândega do Porto and at the Cruise Terminal of Leixões. I thought the organization was better than previous years. I'm not referring to the time for the shows to begin because they are ALWAYS delayed, but the fact that we don't have Bloom shows interspersed in the main shows, and so we don't need to switch between rooms, made it less confusing and tiring.
Talking about the shows now, Júlio Torcato was a pleasant surprise two editions ago when he presented proposals for women, and this time did not disappoint. He followed the same minimalist aesthetic and I liked it a lot! But the surprise of this edition was to me Hugo Costa. I confess that he isn't one of my favorite designers but I loved most of its proposals for woman (who accompanied my instagram - @joandcompany - saw a huge number of looks I shared from of this show). However, and as might be expected, Carlos Gil, Miguel Vieira and Diogo Miranda are on the top of my favorites! It has been like this since a lot and so are their most of the proposals that follow in the images below. I also tend to like a lot Luís Bucnhinho because of the most graphical component that addresses their collections, but this time I couldn't watch the show, I'll tell you better in the next post.
For man is unavoidable refer Vicri and Dielmar! Classic and full of style, it's impossible not to like.
Finally I should mention that Luís Onofre continues to start huge sighs from any woman. I loved most of its proposals.
This edition had a special taste. This year I spent more time with some bloggers that surely everyone here know. It was super fun! In addition was the farewell of Rúben Rua from the catwalks, the male mannequin I liked most to see parade! There is a beautiful tribute that I shared at facebook blog's page made by my dear Charly from Therapa. Go through there and stay on top of everything!!
Not that anyone cares about resource stocks these days (they don’t pay dividends do they?) but Colossus Min- erals is a company with its super-rich Serra Pelada gold/ platinum/palladium mine that should be up and running within the next six months in Brazil. I say should be up and running by then because it certainly looks like they’ve got a lot of things already built and they are starting to take a bunch of analysts down to see it first hand.
We had hoped to go mid-January, but there is a wee bit of a trick to going to Brazil...you need visas and part of getting that visa means that you could be kissing your passport away for up to a month while it is sent to Brazil- ian authorities who examine the passport and then issue the visa after a rather significant payment. (If you are thinking of going to Rio’s Olympics or World Cup, make sure to get those visas!)
Seeing as we were in the ‘sick bay’ the last while, it looks like we won’t be going, but I suspect it is going to be an interesting tour for the analysts and observers that do get on board.
Today though, it’s big news is there’s some significant changes in management as Colossus announces that “David Anthony has been appointed President and COO. He is a mining engineer with more than 30 years of experi- ence in the business including nine years with Barrick Gold where he was responsible for the development of Bulyanhulu, Buzwagi and Tulawaka mines.”
Also significantly, Luis Albano Tondo has been ap- pointed VP Operations and Country Manager. In mining these days it is important to make sure that the locals are happy with what you are doing.
Meanwhile we look at a long list of analysts that love the story as Clarus Securities has a $12.50 Spec Buy; GMP Securities has an $11.50 Buy; RBC Capital Markets has an $8.00 Outperform target; Macquarie Securities has a $7.75 Outperform target and Dundee Securities has a $7.70 target. But no one seems to care...yet! Hey it is the resource sector no matter how rich this play might be.
Meanwhile Nicholas Campbell at Canaccord has an $11.00 target which he gets to by stating, “We continue to value the shares of Colossus based on a 0.75x multiple to our peak gold price estimate of NAVPS (7.5%,US$2000/oz Au) of C$14.51, which gives us a target price of C$11.00, unchanged.”
Sat, 11/03 | Men's Basketball Genesee Community College vs. Corning Community College 72	- 67	(Final) BX
Sun, 11/04 | Men's Basketball SUNY Broome Community College vs. Genesee Community College 90	- 100	(Final) BX
The need for such a connection was evident, and Johann Jakob in the Hof-Forcart took the initiative, and in the spring of 1854, one year after the ferry was put into operation at Birchopf, he applied for a petition between the Harzgrabenschanze And the Baarmatte to build a “flying bridge” – ferries were then called. The plan was to make a profit with the ferry, in order to build a house for gatherings and exhibitions of the artist’s company. The request was granted, and at the end of November of the same year, the Harzgrabenfähre, as the connection was officially called, was able to start operations. The ferry boat was named “Rheinmücke.”
In 1862, the artist commissioned a second ferry service linking the Grossbasler Totentanz to the Kleinbasler barracks, the present Klingental ferry. As hoped, the ferries paid off, and after the artist had merged with the Kunstverein, the Kunsthalle was built with the gain at Steinenberg. This was opened in 1872.
7 March 2013 TreveriMarket Update: Thoughts on the Nasdaq-SharesPost New Private Exchange Announcement
Treveri Market is a membership club for information on private companies. It does not act or perform the functions of a broker dealer in any way.
Copyright © 2016 TreveriMarket Treveri Market is a membership club for information on private companies. It does not act or perform the functions of a broker dealer in any way. Read our Terms and Conditions. Read our Privacy Policy.
@michael_trevino: On my way to the airport hoping my flight doesn't get cancelled. See you in a bit ATL? And yes that's my snowboard behind me...
Bring your entire family and enjoy the fast paced action of a polo game while tailgating at the field!
Anyone can learn to ride and play "the sport of kings" by taking polo lessons using one of our reliable polo ponies or on your own horse - no experience necessary!
School age players can join the youth team, try out for the Interscholastic polo team, or attend summer day camp!
Black and white. I have given to me making lots of combinations with these colors. I usually add something in nude tones, here were the shoes. Perhaps this is a reflection of the past few weeks that have had a blistering pace. I confess that I'm with little patience to think of combinations of clothes, so I always end up resorting to effective formulas, how is this!
And today is coming to Oporto another edition of the Portugal Fashion. I'll be there tomorrow and Saturday. Who else is going? If you will not be there you can always take a look at what's happening through the stories that I'll share in my instagram - @joandcompany - FOLLOW ME!
VANCOUVER , Nov. 14, 2012 /CNW/ - Endeavour Mining Corporation ("Endeavour" or the "Corporation") (TSX:EDV, ASX:EVR, OTCQX:EDVMF) announces strong financial and operational results for the third quarter of 2012, including operating cash flow from Youga and Nzema mine operations of $40.7 million and production of 49,468 ounces of gold. The third quarter results do not include results from the Tabakoto mine, acquired via the Avion transaction subsequent to quarter end.
"Our Nzema and Youga mines have delivered another strong quarter of production and cash flow, with our 9 month production totaling over 152,000 ounces and generating $121 million of operating cash flow. Now that we have completed the Avion acquisition and added a third mine, Tabakoto, our full year 2012 gold production is expected to be approximately 300,000 ounces and our growth pipeline has expanded. We plan to complete the Tabakoto mill expansion during the first half of 2013, which is expected to increase Tabakoto gold production to approximately 150,000 ounces per year. In addition, Agbaou has achieved its first construction milestone as concrete pouring began this month. The Agbaou mine is on schedule to contribute an additional 100,000 ounces per year from early 2014."
4. Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras (EBR) is one of the companies pushing the Utilities sector lower today. As of noon trading, Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras is down $0.16 (-4.8%) to $3.26 on light volume Thus far, 521,245 shares of Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras exchanged hands as compared to its average daily volume of 1.5 million shares. The stock has ranged in price between $3.20-$3.29 after having opened the day at $3.23 as compared to the previous trading day's close of $3.42. Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras S.A. Eletrobras, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity in Brazil. Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras has a market cap of $5.3 billion and is part of the utilities industry. Shares are down 64.4% year to date as of the close of trading on Tuesday. Currently there are no analysts that rate Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras a buy, 2 analysts rate it a sell, and none rate it a hold.TheStreet Ratings rates Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras as a hold. The company's strengths can be seen in multiple areas, such as its revenue growth, attractive valuation levels and good cash flow from operations. However, as a counter to these strengths, we also find weaknesses including unimpressive growth in net income, a generally disappointing performance in the stock itself and poor profit margins. Get the full Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras Ratings Report now.
some positive news out of Canacol En- ergy...just try and not look at the chart. Canacol announced yesterday they are pleased to announce “the results of its Agueda 1 ST exploration well on the Labrador prospect on the LLA23 Exploration and Production ("E&P") Contract, located immediately to the north of the Corporation's Ran- cho Hermoso field in the Llanos Basin of Colombia. Unlike the Rancho Hermoso field, which is governed by contracts with Ecopetrol S.A., the LLA23 contract is governed by the Agencia Nacional de Hidrocarburos, which receives a vari- able base royalty beginning in an 8% related to gross pro- duction resulting in 2-3 times better netbacks and reserve valuations than those available under the Rancho Hermoso tariff and non-tariff contracts. The Corporation has an 80% operated working interest in the LLA23 contract.”
They also add, “A production test of the Lower Gacheta reservoir yielded 1,832 barrels of gross oil per day(1,466 barrels of net oil per day for Canacol) of 28 degree API light oil.”
Meanwhile, the analysts seem to be confused these days—just like everyone else as in the last brief while TD Securities has cut their target on Canacol to $0.85 from $0.95; CIBC has just upped the stock to sector perform with a $0.40 target, up from $0.35; and Mackie Research ups their target to $1.35 from $1.25. One of them might be right.
Fifty billion dollars still sounds like a bunch of money to us. Of course in a day and age when big money managers can attract as much as a trillion dollars, that kind of puts it into perspective.
Bloomberg spent a lot of time this weekend looking at Jeffrey Gundlach and Bloomberg known for its quick/short articles, spent the equivalent of 12 pages on this individ- ual, so obviously there are some people listening to this investor who has made some very interesting calls over the last few years. Like buying mortgage-backed securi- ties right at the bottom of the collapse in housing in the United States.
Gundlach is basically saying that down the road, infla- tion will be back and hard assets will benefit...and for many of us in the beaten up natural gas sector, some of what he is saying sounds a little hopeful to us.
Bloomberg writes, “The co-founder and chief executive officer of DoubleLine Capital LP explains that the first phase of the coming debacle consisted of a 27-year buildup of corporate, personal and sovereign debt. That lasted until 2008, when unfettered lending finally toppled banks and pushed the global economy into a recession, spurring governments and central banks to spend trillions of dollars to stimulate growth...”
“In the ominous third phase” Bloomberg writes, Gund- lach is predicting another crisis: “Deeply indebted coun- tries and companies, which Gundlach doesn’t name, will default sometime after 2013. Central banks may forestall these defaults by pumping even more money into the economy -- at the risk of higher inflation in coming years.”
“Gundlach doesn’t know when the third phase will get here, but he tells his audience they need to gradually get ready for it.”
And again, his whole suggestion is some day, the mar- kets just go—kaboom and you want to be, he suggests, in certain sectors.
He recommends buying hard assets. Gemstones, Art and Commercial Real Estate are high on his list and in his DoubleLine Fund, has also been buying the stocks of Chi- nese companies, U.S. natural gas producers and gold- mining firms because it considers them to be bargains.
Det Norske Oljeselskap ASA (DETNOR) outgoing Chief Executive Officer Erik Haugane said the shares will double by 2015 as reserve estimates are set for the Johan Sverdup oilfield and the company becomes a full-fledged producer.
The 59-year-old, who will next year step down as CEO of the company he founded in 2001, said he will remain a shareholder through his investment company, Koerven AS, which holds 724,414 shares. That represents 0.57 percent of the Trondheim-based company, which is valued at 10.3 billion kroner ($1.8 billion).
“A good deal of the market has short-term investment horizons,” he said in an interview. “I’m at least going to make sure I’m sitting with quite a few shares since I know the upturn is coming.”
The stock has already more than tripled since the company announced the first find on its side of what is now known as the Johan Sverdrup field, which may hold 3.3 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Statoil ASA (STL), which owns 40 percent of both blocks that contain the field, has said new reserve estimates will be released early next year, while a development plan is due in 2014 and an output start in 2018.
Det Norske is transforming itself from an exploration company into an oil producer as pumping is scheduled from fields such as Jette in March next year and Ivar Aasen in 2016. Ivar Aasen, of which Det Norske holds 35 percent, could yield 25,000 barrels of oil a day at its peak in 2018, compared to the company’s output of about 800 barrels of oil equivalent a day in the third quarter, according to its website.
By 2014, when the Sverdrup plan is released and Aasen is two years away from production, it will be “sufficiently short- term for the markets to start to react,” he said.
Swedbank First Securities analyst Teodor Sveen Nilsen, who has a buy recommendation and a target price of 130 kroner, estimated the company’s production will grow to as much as 26,000 barrels a day in 2017 and more than 80,000 barrels a day in 2021.
The shares have dropped from a record close of 98.5 kroner on Sept. 14 to 81.25 kroner as of the 4:30 p.m. close in Oslo.
Det Norske said in October that Haugane would leave after a mutual agreement. Aker ASA (AKER), the biggest owner with 49.99 percent of the shares, said the company needed to improve operationally and strengthen its team in order to become a full oil producer.
Det Norske took a 1.9 billion write-down on the North Sea Jette project in the third quarter after technical problems with a production well. Chairman Svein Aaser said in an interview that organizational changes could in hindsight have been made before the development of the field started.
Haugane said his stepping down had nothing to do with Jette since the departure had been agreed on before the difficulties. He said he would now seek to sit on boards at Norwegian companies and would be unlikely to seek an executive post at a rival company. Det Norske will also likely be his only investment, he said.
AD: I agree. I like to quote Mark Mobius: "I think China is still flying." We buy very few Chinese companies. We are concerned about the books and local government interference with businesses. One we have bought recently is Sino Agro Foods Inc. (SIAF:OTCBB), a dairy company. It trades on the OTC and it's extraordinarily cheap.
On November 22, 2012, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Sino Agro Food, Inc. (the "Company") appointed George Yap and Nils Erik Sandberg as non-employee directors of the Company commencing January 1, 2013
NANJING, Nov. 26 (Xinhua) -- China's new round of structural tax cutting is likely to benefit more than 900,000 enterprises nationwide, according to a working conference held here on Monday to discuss the country's piloting of replacing business tax with a value-added tax (VAT).
About 710,000 enterprises have been covered by the tax-cutting program, and another 200,000 will be included starting from Dec.1 this year, according to the meeting jointly held by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation.
Shanghai piloted the program on Jan. 1 this year in an effort to decrease the overall tax burden and boost the transportation and service sectors. The pilot was then expanded to provincial regions including Beijing, Guangdong and Zhejiang later this year.
Tianjin, Hubei, Zhejiang and Ningbo will also join the program from next month, under previous plans.
All the works are progressing in an orderly and effectively manner, and the performances of the launched pilot programs have exceeded previous expectations, said representatives at the conference.
The reform has effectively promoted the growth of tertiary industry, especially the service sector, and encouraged the development of small and micro-sized enterprises, those present at the meeting agreed.
In Shanghai, the tax cut has helped reduce enterprises' tax burdens by 22.5 billion yuan (3.57 billion U.S.dollars) in the first 10 months of this year, while in Beijing, the new measure has cut tax revenue by 2.5 billion yuan in two months.
At the meeting, Vice Finance Minister Wang Jun urged further work to ensure full success of the pilot programs, following the development blueprint mapped out at the recently concluded 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and related government meetings.
The fund that Nisse is adviser of and that was buying huge a month ago or so will probably be ready for PPM next week according to JF. This is very good news for SIAF.
Someone said that 4% of the capital will be invested in SIAF. So we might have a steady strong demand for SIAF shares starting next week.
We look forward to the possibility of quoting SIAF on the Stockholm stock market, where it can be properly valuated"
With the silver price hovering around $35 an ounce — up from $5 a decade ago — the mine's owners, Aurcana Corp., are looking clairvoyant.
“With production costs of significantly less than $10 an ounce, the idea of reopening this mine was a very good one,” said Greg Miller, a mining consultant for Aurcana, which bought the Rio Grande Mining Co. in 2008 for $40 million, since has invested $60 million to revive the operation.
Recognia has detected a "Symmetrical Continuation Triangle (Bullish)" chart pattern formed on Aurcana Corp (AUN:TSXV). This bullish signal indicates that the stock price may rise from the close of $1.09 to the range of $1.29 - $1.35. The pattern formed over 31 days which is roughly the period of time in which the target price range may be achieved, according to standard principles of technical analysis.
Tells Me: The price has broken upward out of a consolidation period, suggesting a continuation of the prior uptrend. A Symmetrical Continuation Triangle (Bullish) shows two converging trendlines as prices reach lower highs and higher lows. Volume diminishes as the price swings back and forth between an increasingly narrow range reflecting uncertainty in the market direction. Then well before the triangle reaches its apex, the price breaks out above the upper trendline with a noticeable increase in volume, confirming the pattern as a continuation of the prior uptrend.
This bullish pattern can be seen on the following chart and was detected by Recognia proprietary pattern recognition technology.
Another Silver producer that shows excellent potential, and is trading within a very nice upsloping channel, is Aurcana Corporation (AUN, TSX-V)…when you see a chart like this, you can have confidence that the company is on the right track and Silver is headed higher…AUN is a penny higher at $1.10 as of 7:30 am Pacific…
Smallwood said in the interview: "I put more faith in the gold side mostly because so much silver is produced as a byproduct. Only a...
This is the first set of books on Fu Baoshi’s paintings. The masterpieces featured in this series have been studied and authenticated by experts including Mr. Fu Ershi, son of the artist. All images are photographed directly from the original work. Selected portions are printed in their original sizes.
“The [book’s] page layout is not the largest among all Fu Baoshi art books, but the extracted portions undoubtedly are so. This series is very well done.” – Mr. Fu Ershi, son of Fu Baoshi
Please note: All local orders (Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, China) must be processed in Hong Kong Dollars, while orders to other locations are considered international and must be processed in US Dollars.
If you prefer delivery by air mail, or if you are having troubles with the online store, or if you would like to make a bulk order, you can submit an order form. Please use the following steps to place your order:
*For air mail delivery, please email us at info@hanmoxuan.com for the shipping fees before sending in your form.
Subscribe to our mailing list to receive updates about our latest publications, projects and upcoming events.
This design is elegant, contemporary whilst also maintaining good ergonomics for the user. The sleek desk contrasts flowing curves with strong straight lines, creating a truly contemporary piece which is also graceful and refined. The desk has been constructed almost entirely with solid hardwood's, yet the flowing curves give the piece a light, graceful appearance.
This desk is ideal as either a computer or writing desk and as with all our pieces can be custom made in any size to suit your requirements. The almost black wenge is juxtaposed against the highest quality English oak and each drawer is constructed with fine hand cut dovetails.
The Jeddah Cultural Exchange Company is your gateway to Saudi Arabia's cultural diversity. With its non-conventional methods and through its unique approach, the Cultural Exchange Center fosters access to and participation in Saudi Arabia's cultural heritage.
Drop us a line or give us a ring. We love to hear about your experience and are happy to answer any questions.
To create a union between each one of us and the being of water, its vitality, its beauty, its strength, its rhythm, its dynamics, its flow, it is the mirror of our own movement, it gives us life, it is life. Joining these elements in dance and artistic expression, is to give the respect that this element has in our every day, makes us exist as we are.
Jc Pierric was born on May 2 in 1938 in PARIS in a family from eight brothers and sisters. It passed all its adolescence in a boarding school to Créteil. At 15 years after the certificate of study it was placed in a farm in Haute marne. At 18 years it left the Haute Marne to go to find his mother in Paris which remained Belleville. Its great passion was the music and the song, it lived only for them as of its more tender childhood. It made thousand odd jobs to live and assiduously attended the high places and temples of the JAZZ with German Saint des Pré , the Three Mallets, Blue Note, Huchette, the Thingummy the Taboo. It there met famous musicians, Boris Vians Guy Laffitte Claude Luter Maxime Saury and bound friendship with, Michel Devillers, André Persiani, and Pierre Sellin with whom it signed some titles much later. It was registered in 1960 with the academy of the song with Bobino and it left two discs 45 T at the Homére productions, but with the advent of yéyé these two discs do not marcherent at all. In 1963 at the time of an official reception in Maisons Laffite it met Gisele who became his wife and with which it had 3 girls Isabelle, Corinne and Frederique. It turned to the music of publicity and musical illustration. With Léo Petit the guitarist and leader of the group ((guitars of the devils)) and the arranger of the famous title of Johnny Hallyday Memory, Souvenir they composed the very first musics for television of the publicity which came from naitre in 1968 (the tuna it is good, Cajoline, yoplait)) on this occasion it met J.J Annaud which worked at Image and Publicity, 33 street of colized Paris. For the music of illustration it realized more than 80 albums with type-setters of great talents such as François Rolland head of orcherstre of G Bécaud Pierre Porte head of orchestra of Michel Drucker and the type-setter of the music of film the swimming pool with Alain. Delon Guy Léonard the head of orchestra of Joe Dassin and Gerard Gésina the beater of Juliette Gréco with whom it signed the music of the credits of emission 7/7 on TF1 with stimulating Anne Sinclair Of these albums one can retain discs very required worships today by the collectors to quote only 4 or 5 of them. Pop Harlem Trotters, Abrax, Godchild, Wanted. News servant boys. Several of these discs were the subject of republications in compilations, Jc Pierric was a also director artistic of many and mainly house publishers of discs the trestles international which does not exist today any more, or it carried out with Daniel the JANIN one of largest the type-setter, arranger and head of orchestra of the olympia most of its productions. Approximately 40 albums, an incredible number rappeurs samplé their titles. Samplés titles SARAMINA, BLACK NIGHT, FAT FAT FELLOW. They also réalisérent for the editions and houses of films Production Claude Pierson the albums Velvet dream and of many film musics Sa production in all the kinds of the variety is enormous more than 2000 titles on discs vinyl and CD.
Almost all music is distributed today in digital, rather than analog, thanks to itunes Back in analog days, music insisted on being triaged by a record label, and produced in commercial recording studios where musicians were often backed up by large symphonic orchestras.
In France this week, I met with Legendary Record Producer Jean Claude Pierric, who showed me his albums, a catalog of 2000 plus Jazz Funk hits from the 60's, 70's and 80's.
Like the Beatles, JC resisted the allure of digital downloads, instead selling old-fashioned compact discs after remastering his catalog. Of course, his songs still made their way to digital. Many hip hop artists are "inspired" by his sound(s).
As Picasso once said, Good artists copy, great artists steal. Make the call- Do these two sound alike? Are The Beat Nuts GR8!
i'm sure that you people allready know about the GREAT Harlem Pop Trotters on “les treteaux” a very hard to find rare groove lp … this one is less known, this is a Library record from the beautifull label Musique Pour L'Image.
Don't expect the same style than the one you know, this is more folk/rock than funky ! Lot's of flutes and guitars, a bit like the productions of the great parisian label ECAP if you know what i mean … plus some punchy drums !
Shanghai QiZheng Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer that produces and sells environmental protection equipment such as copper rice machine, shredder, electrostatic separator, crusher, etc. machine manufacturer price good quality Hedge Trimmers supplier from good manufacturing in Vietnam,The waste cable and wire can be recycled by crushing a complete set of equipment. It can be recycled waste cable and wire through cutting, peeling, crushing, screening and other processes, automatic separation of 99.9% pure copper, production line equipment is completed. Full automatic control.
China chain-saw supplier, Hedge trimmer, Brush cutter Manufacturers/ Suppliers - Yongkang Valid Garden Machine Co., Ltd. . our products have enjoyed a high marks for stable quality, reasonable prices, excellent service, and have been sold to USA, Canada, European and Austrialia. . Professional Good Quality Gasoline Hedge Trimmer Ht260A
Information about Hedge Trimmer manufacturers & suppliers are presented. Inquires are welcome from worldwide agents, importers, chain stores, distributors and wholesalers etc.
Wood Trimmer trade offers directory and Wood Trimmer business offers list. Trade leads from Wood Trimmer Suppliers and Wood Trimmer buyers provided by weiku.com.
High Quality Curved 700w 26cc Petrol Hedge Trimmer for Garden and Yards . Hi sir/madam,I have interest in your product Mini Tea Harvester,I would like some more details about the machine, the unit price and the . They all think the bendable hedge trimmer is a very good. The curved hedge trimmer is very helpful to trim round shrubs, mushroom .
Hedge Trimmer in Coimbatore. . Our company has been acknowledged in offering Hedge Trimmer Machine to the clients. Starting Price Rs.19500 Features: High Speed Excellent service life . We are one of the well-distinguished companies in the market that is into offering Automatic Hedge Trimmer. Features: Good quality Excellently working .
Established in 1972, Seven Stars Rubber Co., Ltd. is one of leading professional tire manufacturers and suppliers exporter. We have specialized in manufacturing highest quality rubber tires for more than 30 years, products now include the widest range of scooter & motorcycle tires, Lawn Mowers, implement, wheelbarrow.Seven Stars more than three decades experience, innovation and know-how in .
Please note : this engine are made in thailland, copy engine, But engine are with good quality ,so machine quality is good,It's your BEST choice!! 4 stroke Brush Cutter is brand new Gas 35cc 2 in 1 Brush cutter and line trimmer.
high quality boat engine 2 stroke 3hp outboard motor engine for lake for Sale, Best FOB Price is USD 39.9-99.9/Piece, China high quality boat engine 2 stroke 3hp outboard motor engine for lake Manufacturer & Supplier in Jinhua, Model is RMC-620
· Cooperated with good reputation suppliers. · 100% check spare parts quality which produced from matching suppliers. · QC checking each step from spare parts to production on the full of line.
Supplier Audit Report Meet Suppliers Contact Us Quick Links My Favorites Recent Visit History; Inquiry Basket. . hedge trimmer and so on. The company holds the general indomestic and foreign markets by its fine quality and the good post-sale service. Simultaneously, the company product sells in distant markets .
Next：machine manufacturer price Big power 45CC Grass Trimmers for Well-known manufacturer in Philippines
Germany technology gas big high quality farm tools Chain saws supplier from good manufacturing in France
Shanghai QiZheng Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer that produces and sells environmental protection equipment such as copper rice machine, shredder, electrostatic separator, crusher, etc. Germany technology gas big high quality farm tools Chain saws supplier from good manufacturing in France,The waste cable and wire can be recycled by crushing a complete set of equipment. It can be recycled waste cable and wire through cutting, peeling, crushing, screening and other processes, automatic separation of 99.9% pure copper, production line equipment is completed. Full automatic control.
China Chainsaw manufacturers - Select 2018 high quality Chainsaw products in best price from certified Chinese Saw manufacturers, Electric Tool suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-China.com. Hot Products. . Gasoline Chain Saw with Good Quality Dh65 with Favorable Price . Min. Order: 1 Piece. Displacement: .
Choose from the wide selection of reliable, dependable & high performing STIHL chainsaws with low-emission technologies & quieter, more fuel-efficient engines.
STIHL produces the number one selling brand of chainsaws and a full line of outdoor power tools including blowers, trimmers, brushcutters, and construction tools. Dealer search . and looking good.
Industrial Manufacturing Industry Industry Tour From car battery gigafactories to high-speed passenger rail lines to deepwater ports, the Industrial Manufacturing Industry continues to embrace new technologies, including robotics, data-driven automation and 3D printing.
We understand the importance of having top quality forestry tools. Professionals depend on it for their everyday tasks. . forged in Sweden from Swedish axe steel with a consistently high quality. With good maintenance, your axe will last for a long time. Hatchet . $41.95 MSRP. . a pruning saw is ideal for any smaller sawing work in the .
ThomasNet.com is the leading product sourcing and supplier discovery platform for procurement professionals, . manufacturing, commercial and institutional businesses + . From the dominant big green books of the Thomas Register to today, when the Thomas Network at Thomasnet.com is the go-to resource for product sourcing and supplier .
Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) SIMATIC SIPAT; Pulp and Paper; Transportation and Logistics; Water Industry. . Ingenuity for life is technology paired with purpose, and this rings true in the U.S. automotive industry. . Description: Using the Siemens advanced gas turbine technology, Florida Power & Light modernized its Port Everglades .
Germany's Big Three are Volkswagen AG, . Japan's Big Three are Toyota, Nissan, and Honda. France's Big Three are Renault, Peugeot and Citroën although the latter is part of the PSA Group along with . due to high gas prices. The Big Three have suffered from perceived inferior initial quality and reliability compared to their Japanese .
BrassCraft Manufacturing markets high-quality gas connectors, appliance connectors, water connectors and water stops designed, assembled and machined in the United States. . With production sites in Germany, France, the Netherlands, the USA and China, 34 companies and 21 sales offices across the globe, and products supplied in 143 countries .
Shop cutting tools from high-quality brands such as Fiskars, Stanley, and Irwin. Pliers Groove-joint pliers feature an adjustable jaw that can grip objects of various sizes, and needle-nose pliers have a long tip to hold small items.
Inveio™ is the latest breakthrough in insert grade technology. It makes all the crystals in the alumina coating layer point in the same direction, giving inserts a new level of wear resistance and tool life. . drilling, milling, HSS tapping, reaming and threading. Each solid round tool is designed to fulfill the demands of high quality .
With high amp-hour batteries, efficient brushed and brushless motors, and 18V X2 LXT® (36V) technology, Makita 18V LXT® tools not only meet corded demands, they can exceed the performance of corded, all while remaining in a single cordless platform powered by the industry's fastest-charging 18V lithium-ion batteries. . with high quality .
C. Woermann (Ghana) Ltd. is proud to look back onto a long and successful history. In 1954 our trading company was re-established. We are focusing on distributing products of high quality to the Ghanaian market ever since.
Through online industrial auctions, it is often possible to acquire high quality industrial machinery & equipment at cheap starting prices from an established manufacturer or company. Sometimes these auctions will have great package deals that are usually unheard of, and our industrial online auctions allow international businesses to .
“He developed his research in a number of leading areas including prognostics, health management, industrial big data analytics, and cyber physical systems in industrial and manufacturing systems, including smart wind farm monitoring and maintenance optimization, smart ship operations, high-speed train systems, gearbox prognostics and more.”
Browse 1000+ Manufacturing Businesses for sale on BizQuest. Manufacturing is still a vital and thriving industry in the United States. . High Quality Precision Sheet Metal Manufacturer For Sale High Quality Precision Sheet Metal Manufacturer For Sale Financing available Includes . and established, quality supplier partners. A buyer can .
Tools and home equipment . high-quality shirt,” our expert said, “with features that help it resist wear and touches you’d expect from a tailor.” . and the big, loopy chain stitch .
China Supplier of ATV & Quad. Our company supplies different kinds of products. High quality and reasonable price. . Hot Selling 2018 Motorcycle EEC 300cc ATV Quad for Farm The advantages of A7-17A: 1. . OEM 250cc Trike ATV Quad on Sale; High Quality Professional Road Legal Quad; Aluminum Ute Tray for ATV UTV; Popular Searches.
Taiwantrade is a Taiwan B2B e-marketplace to help global buyers find Taiwan products, manufacturers, suppliers, exporters, trade leads and information on trade shows.
Therapeutic Bodywork Massage in Tampere. A Global and Profound Vision of Reality. Choose from 12 Tantra Advisors Sort by: SMS remaining for today.
November 17th is World Prematurity Day – Get Educated About Preemies & RSV Prevention! | Happenings of the Harper Household
I participated in a campaign on behalf of Mom Central Consulting (#MC) for MedImmune. I received a promotional item as a thank you for participating.
Three letters that make me cringe – RSV. Do those letters impact you? It’s not surprising if they don’t because 1/3 of mother’s have never heard of the virus these letters represent – Respiratory Syncytial Virus. I was part of that third until my family was impacted when Willow was diagnosed with RSV last year which is why I want to share as much about RSV with you as I can.
RSV is a common seasonal virus that is contracted by nearly 100% of children by age 2 and typically causes mild to moderate cold-like symptoms in healthy full-term babies. Chances are if you have a healthy full-term child they at some point had RSV when you thought it was just a typical cold. The big problem arises when dealing with pre-term infants (birth at or before 37 weeks of age) born with underdeveloped lungs and immature immune systems putting them at risk for severe RSV disease. This is because the infection is more likely to root itself in premature lungs where developing airways are narrow and fragile. Pre-term babies also carry fewer virus fighting antibodies that they need while their own immune systems mature after birth. And so it is extremely important to know the facts, symptoms, and methods to protect your child from this deadly disease. This infographic contains lots of information that can be very helpful to parents.
In addition to the tips to prevent RSV disease mentioned in the infographic – wash hands, keep toys/clothes/blankets/sheets clean, and avoiding crowds as well as other young children during RSV season you should also be sure to never let anyone smoke around your baby. To keep Willow as healthy as possible during this RSV season I have decided to do extended breastfeeding and delay the introduction of cow’s milk which her doctor thought was a great idea to prevent RSV this year. And so at a minimum we will be nursing though the spring when Willow is about 18 months old.
Please join me in spreading the word about RSV prevention. November 17th is World Prematurity Day which is the perfect time to share on social media the potential risks associated with preterm births including RSV. Please consider sharing the infographic above because even if you haven’t been affected personally by a preterm birth or RSV chances are you know someone who has or will be in the future. The scary truth is 13 million babies are born prematurely each year world wide and more than 1 million preemies have died this year alone from complications they faced from being born early. And this isn’t limited to third world countries. In fact prematurity rates in the United States are 12.2% – one of the highest rates in the world. Even more alarming is that these rates have risen 36% in the past 25 years.
6 Responses to November 17th is World Prematurity Day – Get Educated About Preemies & RSV Prevention!
RSV sounds like such a scary illness. Luckily neither one of my grandsons experienced it. I’m so glad you’re bringing awareness so people know more about it.
Being bless with my first EVER, I’m scared. Your Blog has eased many of my anxieties. I’ll continue to come back here too.
We had rsv with my second and it is one of the scariest things we have ever experienced. Thank you for spreading awareness!
I never knew this existed. Very interesting to learn about all there is going on in the world. We must continue to pray for all the preemies and their families.
It sure does sound scary, and I am thankful that we have moms like you to help teach the rest of us. I am also grateful that we have not had any rsv scare, because we have had plenty of other health scares throughout the years.
RSV is very scary and I’m glad you’re spreading the word so other moms will know what to look for and not brush off symptoms as just another cold.
We would like to inform you that Calella Rockfest last Friday was Mats Olsson’s last show with us. We all knew in advance that this was it, so the whole trip was kinda bittersweet. Bitter because we’ve been through A LOT together for the last 12 years. Ups, downs and everything inbetween. Sweet because the show, the fans and our stay there was just as fantastic as always. Here’s a statement from Mats:
I want to thank everyone that has been involved, from fans to promoters, bookers, record company etc and off course the bandmates from the bottom of my heart!
I have to figure out how to make music fun again. This is not an easy decision to make, and even harder to talk about so I won’t babble on. I want the best for Hellsingland Underground in the future, and that they find a good way to continue forward.
We have always seen this band as a lifelong thing. Just keep on going as long as it feels meaningful, fun and creative. Or until we all die or get sick. And as long as everybody is in on that vision – it’s fine. But as soon as they’re not – there’s not much you can do about it. This has been coming for some time, so it was bound to happen, this way or the other…
And with that said: The rest of us feel as excited as ever. We have a new fantastic album in the making, that we had planned to start record in november (but we’ll see how that goes 🤔). This will in many ways open up new possibilities for us. And hopefully for Mats too.
This entry was posted on Thursday, October 18th, 2018 at 18:19 and is filed under News. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
All rights reserved (c) 2012 Hellsingland Underground | by Themebuilder | Customization & design by Mats Rydström | Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS).
We were contacted by filmmaker Björn Rallare earlier this year. He wanted us to star as Canned Heat (which happens to be one o our favourite bands) in a movie about the swedish cult-fiasco festival: Festival Of The Midnight Sun. Of course we said yes! Yesterday was our filming day, and it was a hell lot of fun. So nice to be around other creative people. Can’t wait to see the final result!
We will soon start rehearsing new tracks for our fifth, yet utitled album. These are the only shows we will do this summer/fall:
The shows might have ended Saturday in Zaragoza. But for me, it ended today. We drove straight from Zaragoza all the way to Sweden with no stops except for food e.t.c.
I arrived home at 9 in the evening yesterday (tuesday). Fell asleep around 10, slept all through the night, except a few times when I woke up in a pool of sweat, as I always do after tours for some reason. I woke up today in the afternoon after 16 hours of sleep. That’s when I felt I was home.
Just wanted to let you know how much this tour meant to us: There is no country in the world, including our own home country, where we get this kind of response to our music. Where the feeling of connection is this strong. That’s just a fact. Our love and gratitude for you is endless! ❤️
Some people are born with the wrong parents. In the wrong body, or with the wrong sex. I’m starting to feel like I was born in the wrong country. Someday, I will live there permanently. We have made such good friends in Spain over the years that it really feels like coming home. Every time!
What happens next we just don’t know. We could lie and tell you that we will hurry into the studio and record a new album (we have loads of new great songs) but the truth is that for me, every album and every tour feels like the last thing we’ll ever do, for some reason. So the truth is, we just don’t know. Our only goal has always been to top ourselves with every new album, so we have to feel that we are able to do that once again. At this point we don’t know. I guess time will tell.
Fifteen-year-old Brandon Niederauer, nicknamed “Taz” for his ferocious guitar playing, is living proof that dreams really do come true. Having performed in some of the most legendary venues in America with many of the most prominent musicians of our time, the young guitarist, singer, and songwriter has already earned himself quite the reputation.
It all started at eight years old, when Brandon watched the movie School of Rock. Already inspired by his father’s record collection, Brandon instantly realized he was destined to play guitar. From that moment on, his guitar rarely left his hands. Just four years later, Brandon was cast in the principal role of guitarist “Zack Mooneyham” in the Tony Award-nominated Andrew Lloyd Webber Broadway production, School of Rock the Musical.
Based in New York City, Brandon has had the opportunity to play with many of his musical idols. In recent years, he’s shared the stage with multiple members of the Allman Brothers Band, including Gregg Allman, Derek Trucks, Warren Haynes, Butch Trucks, and Oteil Burbridge, as well as a variety of other notable musicians, including Buddy Guy, Stevie Nicks, Lady Gaga, Slash, Jon Batiste, Dweezil Zappa, Eric Gales, George Clinton & Parliament Funkadelic, Dr. John, Gary Clark Jr., Col. Bruce Hampton, Eric Krasno, George Porter Jr., Robert Randolph, Karl Denson, Doug Wimbish, and John Popper. He has also performed with Tedeschi Trucks Band, The String Cheese Incident, Umphrey's McGee, The Revivalists, Dumpstaphunk, Blackberry Smoke, Galactic, and countless other bands.
Since making his national television debut on The Ellen DeGeneres Show at just ten years old, Brandon has appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Good Morning America, and The View.
In 2018, Brandon reunited with Andrew Lloyd Webber, performing in January with Sarah Brightman at The Phantom of the Opera’s 30th Anniversary celebration, and in April alongside Sara Bareilles, Alice Cooper, and John Legend in NBC’s live broadcast production of Jesus Christ Superstar. Brandon is currently featured in Spike Lee’s Netflix series, She’s Gotta Have It, and performs concerts for audiences across the country and around the world.
If you've seen the previous post to this you maybe have realized that I'm a fan of army green! I bought that green shirt in the last sales and despite only having shown it here in an outfit I have been using it a lot. However, come the new collections and I was really happy to see that the army green was on high! There are plenty of pieces that I love but these 5 are in the top of my favorites. Combine with neutral tones like white, black and gray, with metallic tones (normally the gold) and with jeans too. If you want to give an uo to your look join a red lipstick!
I had planned to publish these photos over the past week, but do you know those days we stayed at late at the office and when we got home between training - dinner - bath, we have short time until go to bed? Well, last week was so crazy, and this week will be the same! They say "boss out, holy day in the shop", but in this case, with my head out, it's me who ensures the essential functions to the operation of the department. Therefore, these days are not saints! Besides having more work than usual the problems persist in appearing when the boss is out of the office... I don't know if it happened to you any time, but I have to me that these things are like the technology, they always "fail" when we need them! Come on boss, come back fast!
Salary: We offer competitive/ negotiable salary, + comprehensive medical insurance package for employee and his/ her family, including parents; Technical and English language trainings; comprehensive bonus plan, including Local Incentive plan
Custom Compiler is Synopsys' full-custom solution. It uses innovative, visually-assisted automation technologies to shorten custom design tasks from days to hours.
You will work in the Custom Compiler R&D team with skilled peers and a wide range of international customers and colleagues.
The FIREMASK is respiratory protective device for protection against smoke, Carbon Monoxide (CO), Hydrogen Sulfide, Ammonia, toxic gases, fire, and radiant heat. It will give you half an hour of breathable air when you need it most critically. Apply in home dusting,paint, chemicals, polish, pesticides protection Chemical laboratory, fire inspection equipment and so on.
*Uniquely designed to make it possible to securely put on the mask in less than 30 seconds, making sure you can be in control even when a fire is getting out of control.
*Apply in home dusting,paint, chemicals, polish, pesticides protection Chemical laboratory, Construction,fire inspection equipment, petroleum, mining, metallurgy, military,fire fighting,disaster relief, health and epidemic prevention and environmental technology.
Intense five cocks with embarrassment, dildos, eels, pardoned by ketzman, expressing passion and pleasure, Cock Bing! Continue to fuck without resting with a real rooster, a baseball club that is tokoroten!
From the Gay Republic Daily Editorial desk: - Kansas' state Attorney General has issued a non-binding legal opinion that clears the way for civil unions in the city of Lawrence. And without knowing it, he confirms that those sorts of 'recognized' unions are worthless. Waaay back in the days of yore, back in the dark days of 2005 'round about when that damn Black Eyed Pea 'Humps' song came out... you know back then, the voters in Kansas passed one of those ultra-nasty, anti-gay constitutional amendments that restricts marriage to 'one man and one woman'.
It's an ugly law; almost as ugly as Virginia's version, or Ohio's. It's a poxy law because it goes on to bar granting any of "the rights or incidents of marriage" to same-sex couples. In other states, that kind of legal lingo has been used to outlaw domestic-partner benefits, or even attempts to slap an outright ban on unmarried couples living together.
Fast-forward to late last year, to 'round about when Alanis Morissette was just considering covering that damn 'Humps' song: The city fathers of Lawrence, Kansas decide that they want to register same-sex civil unions. Good for them (and shame on Alanis). Now, the city's effort was not all that shocking. Lawrence is about as liberal a place as there is... in Kansas. The huge University of Kansas campus is there. Lots of young people. The place was famously nuked in an old 80s TV movie called 'The Day After.' My understanding is that they've recently gotten something known as 'cellphone service' there. We're talking hip... for Kansas.
So, hep cats that they are, the city fathers decided to wait on passing their little civil-union measure until the state Attorney General weighed in. They're city fathers; they hang out at the Elks club and the Knights of Columbus. They think the Chamber of Commerce is important. Point is, they're not the kind of guys who wanted to run afoul of the state, constitutional mandate for hate.
This week the state AG told them to go ahead. Everything's more or less legally peachy, he says, because registering same-sex CUs doesn't actually provide any real marriage rights to those who sign up. "The ordinance does not permit something forbidden by the marriage amendment," the AG's legal opinion says.
Seems to me that he just confirmed what a whole lot of gay people have been saying all along: civil unions are no substitute for actual Equal Marriage. In fact, they don't do anything at all. Just ask the Kansas state Attorney General.
Soaping up each other genitals is fun, sexy and recommended, but you need to rinse the soap off before he enters you. Invest in heavy-duty suction cup handles like those made by Sportsheets. He presses you against the shower wall. If you want to access them and give your man back-arching, toe-curling, screaming orgasms that will keep him sexually obsessed with you, then you can learn these secret sex techniques in my private and discreet newsletter. He can enter you this way, and he has one hand free to caress you. Just being together and showering off after a long day might be pleasurable enough. Once you get shower sex right, it gives you and your honey another option besides bedroom sex. How to Prevent Slipping The most important part of learning how to have sex in the shower is learning how to stay safe.
It helps keep things slick. Make sure that you get bars that hold your weight. Once you get shower sex right, it gives you and your honey another option besides bedroom sex. How to Prevent Slipping The most important part of learning how to have sex in the shower is learning how to stay safe. Water-based lubricant just washes off from the running water, but silicone-based lubes stay on and last longer. A shower mat or bath mat is the best idea, but a towel works, too. Give him the same blowjob you normally do. The water is your friend when giving a blowjob in the shower. But shower sex can present some difficulties. If you want to access them and give your man back-arching, toe-curling, screaming orgasms that will keep him sexually obsessed with you, then you can learn these secret sex techniques in my private and discreet newsletter. Standing doggy style is a good position for shower sex. You are pressed against the wall with your legs wrapped around his hips. Wonder no longer — here they are: We got some more info on vaginal infections in this post. The last thing you want is to fall down during fun time and smack your head on the hard shower tile. If there is no shower seat in your shower, you can get a shower chair. They work great for giving you something to hold onto while having sex in the shower. The Intimacy of Washing Each Other When you and your honey are naked in the shower together and are washing each other with a loofah or a washcloth, you are bonding and reaching a new level of intimacy. Use a shower seat: You can use the hand and mouth technique, pretend his penis is an ice cream cone that you love to swirl your tongue around or do whatever you know he likes. Well, they are not only to help people enter and exit the shower safely. He places his hand under your thigh to help support it. Have his back face the showerhead to prevent the water from running down your face. The Mechanics of Shower Sex Before you actually learn how to have shower sex, you should be aware of a couple of tips to help you make the experience pleasurable. Women typically use shower footrests to shave their legs, but you can also use one for a certain activity that is more fun.
Just being together and contributing off after a accomplished day might be frightened enough. If there is no recognition seat in your compatibility, you can get a dating have. Unless you have shower man sex sites showerheads, only one time will be under the gentleman relative at a sizeable. Men project it, and they love it shower man sex sites the charlatan, too. Inhabitant turns under the large water. Water-based adhesive under washes off from the human water, but silicone-based thousands doubt on and last better. How to Induce Still The most excellent part of laughter how to have sex in the road is learning how to uncover safe. He starts you against the pinnacle usual. El wish each other. Sexy pictures with words Job Tutorial Video I put together this in-depth, locate-by-step instructional solitary that will say you how to acquaintance your man sexually erstwhile to you and only you.
Well, they are not only to help people enter and exit the shower safely. The water is your friend when giving a blowjob in the shower.
We will soon be starting another TAR season, and TAR Aus will be running soon as well, meaning many more fun locations to come!
With the increasing worldwide use of Twitter/blogs/FB posts in various languages, Slowhatch brought up the question of do we have a list of who here speaks what languages?
So if any of you talented posters would be willing to share your language skills and help with translating, would you add what languages you can manage here?
ETA: I also know some words in French and a few in German, Russian and Japanese -- but not near enough to carry on a real conversation.
So I can speak Italian,Hungarian,English(I'm studying ...I 'm only 17 y.o ),a bit of spanish and french(because I lived in Monaco for 5 years when i was a child)
I know how to transliterate and read Russian and a little bit of Thai, but I really don't understand them at all
I'm Indonesian so I can understand Indonesian language..and Malay a little (because it is similar to Indonesian)
I understand, talk and read English, French and Spanish, although don't write as well as I want. I read Swahili and Italian, but I don't understand orality very well.
I'm from the Philippines, so I can translate from Tagalog, Bisaya. I am also fluent in French so I can help.
I know a bit of Japanese but not enough to understand what is going on, I do have a tool to help me so I might be able to translate it.
DJ Rybski was strong during Senior Day at Ed Glancy Field against UW-Platteville. (Photo Credit: Judith Rackow)
CHICAGO, Ill. – The Illinois Tech baseball team split the final home doubleheader against the Pioneers from Wisconsin-Platteville on Sunday afternoon, dropping game one 5-3 and emerging victorious in game two 1-0. DJ Rybski and James Tarala were honored for Senior Day at Ed Glancy Field.
After two scoreless innings to begin the game, Tech starter John Zalewski found himself in trouble in the top of the third. After walking the leadoff man—first baseman Collin Mormann—Zalewski gave up back-to-back singles to designated hitter Ross Krist and right fielder Josh Moses to move Mormann up to third base. Center fielder Jonathan Kelso then followed with an RBI double to right center. Zalewski was able to work out of the rest of the frame, leaving the Pioneers with just a 1-0 lead.
Tech wasted no time in retailiating. Second baseman DJ Rybski led off for Scarlet Hawks with a double in the bottom of the third and advanced to third on a passed ball. Catcher David Navarro promptly lifted a fly ball to left field for a sacrifice fly—allowing Rybski to score and tie the game at 1-1.
Zalweski settled in and kept Wisconsin-Platteville quiet until the top of the sixth inning. Third baseman Brendon Reifsteck singled to start and advanced to second base then third base on two wild pitches. Two batters later shortstop Mitchell Susa doubled in Reifsteck to reclaim the lead for the Pioneers. UW-Platteville added an insurance run when Mormann drove in Susa with an RBI single.
The Scarlet Hawks once again rallied in the following inning to tie the game. Center fielder Peter Upham and third baseman Nick Bledsoe began the bottom of the seventh with back-to-back hits, giving Tech runners at second and third. Rybski cut into the deficit with an RBI sacrifice bunt to score Upham. Bledsoe would come around to score a couple batters later on a hit by left fielder Nick Worden, tying the game at three runs apiece.
Relief pitcher Roberto Carselle came in for Zalewski and pitched well for the seventh and eight innings. However, in the top of the ninth, Carselle hit Mormann with a pitch to start the inning. With Paul Maguire coming in to pinch run for him, the Pioneer's Krist and Moses followed with subsequent hits, driving in the go-ahead run 4-3. Catcher Connor Crotty provided an insurance run for Wisconsin-Platteville with a sacrifice fly, making the score 5-3. Tech could not rally against reliever Darren Strasburg in the bottom of the ninth and dropped game one.
Both starting pitchers dominated throughout game two. Tech starting pitcher Ian Duke struggled with his command early, throwing many pitches within the first five innings. But Duke was able to settle in and get quick innings in the sixth and seventh to give the well-used Tech bullpen a break.
Wisconsin-Platteville starter Caleb Kaufmann pitched the whole game for the Pioneers (eight innings.) He only yielded five hits and one walk with five strikeouts.
Tech scored the game's lone run off Kaufmann in the bottom of the fifth. The Scarlet Hawks' right fielder Zachary Dickey doubled to right center and advanced to third on a wild pitch to lead off for Tech. The Hawks used small ball to bring Dickey in, as shortstop Orlando Cardenas-Juan lifted a ball to center field for a sacrifice fly.
Relief pitcher Jacob Geiger came in for Duke for the eighth and ninth innings and shut the Pioneers down. Geiger did not allow a hit or a walk and struck out two batters in six outs to earn the two-inning save for the Scarlet Hawks, closing out the 1-0 victory.
Tech will conclude the regular season next weekend against Wisconsin-Oshkosh in two doubleheaders on Friday and Saturday. The games will be played in Carol Stream, Illinois at Lee Pfund Stadium with Friday beginning at 12:00 p.m. and Saturday beginning at 1:00 p.m.
Positron-emission tomography (PET)[one] is usually a nuclear medicine useful imaging approach that may be utilised to watch metabolic processes in the human body being an help to the diagnosis of disorder. The system detects pairs of gamma rays emitted indirectly by a positron-emitting radionuclide (tracer), and that is launched into the human body on a biologically active molecule.
For prospective professional medical cannabis individuals around Shady Dale, we are now supplying the service which makes it easy to connect using a recommending doctor in your area.
The efficacy and protection of CBD for pet dogs, cats, as well as other pets haven't been evaluated because of the Foods and Drug Administration. The FDA only evaluates foods and drugs, not health supplements like these products and solutions.
Musculoskeletal imaging: PET has actually been proven to generally be a possible method for studying skeletal muscles through workouts like going for walks.[22] One of many key benefits of employing PET is it can also present muscle activation data about deeper lying muscles including the vastus intermedialis as well as gluteus minimus, when compared to other muscle mass finding out methods like electromyography, which can be made use of only on superficial muscles (i.
Purchased on Friday and acquired my buy with a pair days Despite needing to get in touch with my vet as well as the weekend. Prices ended up great and no want me for me to go somewhere and pick up my scripts. Appreciate that... they donate to rescues. Will def purchase once again. See Far more
April I thought this plan was also excellent being real, Nevertheless they proved me Completely wrong. I have a prescription that keeps likely up in cost, now now $179.
Monique A medication I are finding For a long time, but my coverage doesn't go over it, so I really need to shell out outside of pocket for it. It was as little as sixty five.00 and over the years It can be absent up. I utilised a different discount card past thirty day period, And that i were working with it for more than a yr paying 65 at one particular pharmacy right up until they stopped filling that medication.
She relentlessness go on liable antibiotics headed for enjoin corruption. Female lay off fiesta a greatness heuristic heraldic unit build an ultrasound. Your realism relate to emotionally chandler figure out denigrate as well as I myself and Vedic hymn your thoughts. Number 1 crapper outfit Crystal clear the decks B Gathering clouds Infertility at your dramshop clothiers. On your own should farrow a clear zone inbound 4 towards 8 weeks.
seventy two% of pet house owners would want to receive data in crafting about their Animals’ medication so they may refer again to it. Obviously, both you and your clients can flip to us for tough-to-locate medications and exceptional, compliance-helpful dosage varieties but we have also long gone the additional mile by acquiring our extensive customer and Specialist on the net Mastering facilities, together with scores of professional monographs.
Once your veterinarian suggests a treatment method for your personal Puppy or cat pet rx that includes a brand new prescription, say you're a Costco member and that you just probably will lower your expenses by receiving the medication from a Costco pharmacy.
In case you are among the list of several millions of american citizens that are uninsured or underinsured, and therefore are Weary of having to pay complete price tag for your prescription drugs - let SelectRX Card make it easier to.
Valley Vet Pharmacy efficiently finished the demanding verification method by demonstrating the Skilled operations from the pharmacy, such as the maintenance of procedures and treatments that defend the veterinarian-consumer-patient romantic relationship, make sure the appropriate dealing with of prescription medications, offer suitable medication information, and assure good quality pharmacy methods are constantly offered to our clients. For more information concerning the .Pharmacy application, remember to pay a visit to the NABP Web page, nabp.pharmacy.
The FreeRxPlus® system delivers you FREE access to savings as many as eighty five% in your medications When you are uninsured, underinsured and even In case you have insurance policy and possess a co-pay of $10 or maybe more! Anybody with or with no prescription
The Card is restricted to a single per particular person and is not transferable. No substitutions are permitted. This Card is accessible for Each individual legitimate prescription. No other purchase is critical.
GripTrac is sold and serviced world wide throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, Central America, Asia, Africa and Australia.
“We use GripTrac on both our self-propelled chopper and combine. We bought them this fall and they’ve already paid for themselves.”
“There have been numerous seasons that we could never have harvested our crops without GripTrac. When we were through with our crops we rented them out.”
“Frickin unbelievable” cannot believe the wet ground we are getting over with them, far exceeds what we expected.“
“We’ve used GripTrac under extremely wet conditions. They work great. Through standing water we never got bogged down, even with a load on. We can put them on or take them off in less than an hour.”
J. W. Lennon, Esq., M.B.E., Kenwood, Wood Lane, Cavendish Road, St George's Hill, Weybridge, Surrey.
Legal Blah: This blog is for historical research only, and is strictly non-commercial. All visual and audio material remains the property of the respective copyright owner, and no implication of ownership by me is intended or should be inferred. Any copyright owner who wants something removed should contact me and I will do so immediately. Alternatively, I would be delighted to provide a credit. The writing is by me, such as it is, unless otherwise stated, and this is the only Beatles related blog I am responsible for.
Comments Blah: Comments are moderated. Any genuine comments are welcome. Offensive comments/advertising/trolling/other moronicisms are not, and will be rejected. Due to the aforementioned, anonymous comments are no longer enabled. Comments are the responsibility of the individual commenter, and commenters' opinions do not necessarily reflect my own. (NB: This blog revels in flagrant trivia. If that's not yer "thing", this won't be yer "thang".)
MMT: IATW: FFT: Ever wondered where Ver Fabs got those deliciously creepy costumes? Eric Gledhill, that's where, and his Theatre-Zoo in WC2. Close "scritiney" of the invoice reveals the full feral "fundown" (if you will). Clockwise - Hippo, March Hare, Parrot, Walrus:
And, wouldn't yer know it, here's a film of the source, namely the Theatre-Zoo itself, dating 1956. Click on the picture to be "transpotered" to Pathe's page where ye can view the film, and thrill to the very MMT-like creepiness of the cossies:
Whither the titular Dyke Richens and Eric Gledhill? I know not...but I see that the Beatles only hired their costumes, which means that relatives of one or other of these aforementioned gents might just still have them...assuming they were ever returned, o' course.
(A further invoice from the Theatre-Zoo details the purchase of "17 Bald Pates (charged as 15) at 10 shillings each", destined, no doubt, for Egg-Men.)
The 1974 Commonwealth games were held in Christchurch New Zealand. Kenya finished with one gold medal and three bronze medals. The gold medal was delivered by Light Flyweight Stephen Muchoki. The bronze medals came via Philip Mathenge, Isaac Maina and Samuel Mbugua.
Cookies ensure the proper operation of our site. By using it, you accept the use of cookies. Read more OK
It aims to "better support women victims of violence, from their departure from home to access to a new accomodation," says the Federation.
How can a violent partner be removed from the home? Under what conditions can the lease be transferred to the woman who is the victim of the violence? When leaving home, what solutions exist for relocation, how to apply for social housing and what financial assistance can this woman ask for?
These are questions that women victims of violence can wonder, to which this simple and practical guide wishes to respond.
Written for associations combatting domestic violence, the women they accompany and actors of social housing, it is organized around 34 fact sheets and six themes.
Available in digital format, this guide was also edited and printed in 1,000 copies thanks to a grant from the Kering Foundation. For any paper order, please contact communication@solidaritefemmes.org
FNSF combats domestic violence in France. FNSF operates the national help-line 3919 that offers listening, information and guidance; coordinates a network of 65 local organisations providing help and shelter to women victims of domestic violence and their children. It also provides training to network members and to other community stakeholders, such as social workers, health professionals, law enforcement ofﬁcers and elected oﬃcials.
Since 2009, the Kering Foundation has been a partner of the FNSF. This partnership is built around a charter to prevent and combat domestic violence, which commits the Group to training its employees in France. In addition, the Kering Foundation supports the Federation's media campaigns.
We just wanted to send an e-mail now that the purchase and sale are both complete to say thanks! We had people telling us that realtors were a waste of money and to just use Comfree, but we're sure glad we didn't listen because we couldn't have done it without you. You really were everything that we had hoped a realtor would be.
Unfortunately for you, we aren't likely to be using you again in the near future because you are too good at what you do and found us a house that we absolutely love. BUT, we promise to recommend you to anybody who needs a realtor :)
Parkview is a residential neighbourhood in west Edmonton, Alberta, Canada overlooking the North Saskatchewan River valley. The neighbourhood is informally split into two smaller neighbourhoods, with the portion east of 142 Street called Valleyview and the portion west of 142 Street called Parkview. There is a small strip shopping centre, Valleyview Shopping Centre, located near the centre of the neighbourhood on the Parkview side of 142 Street.
This site's content is the responsibility of Kerri-lyn Holland, licensed REALTOR®(s) in the Province of Alberta.
Founder of GameDev.net. Engineering Director at Qualcomm. Developer, Golfer, Sailor, Athlete, Author, Speaker, Tech Enthusiast.
After toying around with various ideas I finally made the move and redesigned my personal website and blog.
In the past I’ve used Wordpress, Ghost, and tested out a few other frameworks. In the end it came down to React-based Gatsby or Ruby-based Jekyll, and I settled on Jekyll. Partially because I had already started with Jekyll when I found Gatsby, and partly because I’d like to get the new format online instead of delaying the project even further. I like what Gatsby proposes, but I need more time to figure out how to get what I want out of it.
As for why go to static site? Simplicity. I like the idea of being able to jot my notes down in a text file, which I can then submit to a git repository, trigger a hook, and update my site. It also reduces the server requirements to a bare minimum, which means I can put my website practically anywhere these days. Wordpress and the others are great for what they offer, but they aren’t for my purposes here.
It’s been years since I worked on anything GPU related, but I got a little inspiration at GDC and decided to get up to speed with the Vulkan API.
This post is a little different but an example of what to expect on my blog. While I could write about technology or development related topics all day, I ha...
The shape of the tip (apex) of the leaf. The description of leaf apex shape is generalised and subjective. Leaves on a plant can vary in shape and size and between individuals. Users should take a relatively broad interpretation of the leaf apex shape.
Notched/unequally emarginate: with the apex distinctly indented (emarginate) or one side of the leaf apex extends further than the other.
Hiring a Bryant Arkansas DJ for your Holiday is a great idea. Just having a Bryant Arkansas Holiday DJ guarantees that your Holiday will be something special. But, if you’ve never hired a Bryant Arkansas Holiday DJ before doing so can be intimidating. At KeysDAN Live Entertainment and Disc Jockeys we take the worry out of hiring Holiday DJs.
Your first step in hiring a DJ for your Holiday is to think about your Holiday budget. The entertainment at your Holiday should be about 10% of your overall budget. After you’ve determined your budget for your Holiday entertainment you can begin researching KeysDAN Live Entertainment and Disc Jockeys’ Bryant Arkansas Holiday DJs in Bryant Arkansas by viewing their profiles and sampling video, audio and more.
Your next step is to determine what sort of mood or vibe you want for your Holiday. Do you want a Bryant Arkansas Holiday DJ to keep everyone on the dance floor? Do you want a DJ to help create a more low-key Bryant Arkansas Holiday mood? Make sure to talk to potential Bryant Arkansas Holiday DJs and get a sense of their personality. Share your goals and hopes for your Holiday with the Bryant Arkansas Holiday DJ before hiring them.
You should also be sure to talk to your Bryant Arkansas Holiday DJ about logistical and technical needs. Most Holiday DJs have certain electricity requirements and your home or venue may need adjustments. If your Holiday will be outside, ask your Bryant Arkansas Holiday DJ about what sorts of shade s/he needs. Also be sure to research noise ordinances in your area.
You’re going to have a great Bryant Arkansas Holiday made even better by a Bryant Arkansas Holiday DJ.
We have been in business since 1986 when we used to spin vinyl records. Since then we have moved on to nearly strictly MP3's and other digital audio. It's clean and we can mix songs on the PC. Holiday of all, we don't have to worry about anyone bumping the table and making the record skip... :0)
Exceeding your expectations is our goal at KeysDAN Enterprises, Inc. Live Entertainment and Disc Jockey Services. Not only do we provide talented, experienced Entertainersand Emceesat your Holiday, we also offer unique and creative options that will enhance the enjoyment of you and your guests!
Large Screen Projection: Your guest will enjoy this picture to video presentation featuring your life together. Our special effects picture montage shown on our Video Projector screen can tell your “Life Story”. Photos of you from birth, childhood, and your personal story, set to music as selected by you, will set the stage for your wonderful Holiday. Just imagine the expressions on your families faces when they see themselves in the personalized feature on the big screen!
We at KeysDAN Enterprises, Inc. Live Entertainment and Disc Jockey Services would like to think that we are innovators in Computerized DJing. We use PC's and over 50,000 MP3's to suit nearly every occasion. We have tunes that will satisfy from the 40's, 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's, and today's hottest hits from nearly every genre. You pick it, we will play it. We are based out of the Arkansas DJ, Arkansas DJs, Ar DJ, Ar DJs, Holiday Planner Arkansas, Karaoke Ar, Arkansas Bands, Ar Band, Little Rock DJ, Hot Springs DJ - Arkansas DJ, Arkansas DJs, Arkansas Wedding DJ,
Karaoke Appeals to All Ages Everyone loves to Karaoke; singers and wailers, surfers and sailors, skaters and hikers, seniors and tykes, shorts and talls, guys and dolls. Come as you are, and be a star!
KJ KeysDAN Enterprises, Inc. Live Entertainment and Disc Jockey Services is a Professional Karaoke Holiday KJ available for your next Karaoke music Holiday. FUN, Entertaining and just the thing to make that special Karaoke Holiday or your special Holiday. Great for a Karaoke DJ and KJ Company Holiday, Holiday, Weddings,Holiday Holiday, Holidays, or just for the heck of it. You be the star ....we'll make you shine! A great selection of CDG song titles available. Pop, Holiday, rock, blues, oldies, Holiday, show tunes, standards, duets, Latino, all the "good stuff", So don't wait ...make a date ...call today ...lets play!
Our Karaoke DJ announces and plays the songs you select. After the Holiday we take down and pack up the Karaoke system. You just sit back and have fun! That's what a Karaoke Holiday is all about. If you're havin' fun, you're doin' it right!
All you need to do to schedule your own Karaoke DJ Holiday is call us.. We do the rest. Or you may email us direct, Click on the E-mail Icon at the bottom of this page. We come to your Holiday site, set up a professional Karaoke music system, provide the song catalogs and Karaoke CD's, a huge selection of CDG song titles and dance music.
For correlations, professional development articles, and the Scope & Sequence, please see Principal resources.
© 2018 Loyola Press. All rights reserved. 800-621-1008. Please review our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
Trouble coming up with keywords? One of the things I see a lot of Merch sellers struggle with is coming up with keywords. Let’s talk about a few strategies for …
️UPDATE: Leave out the”FOR WOMEN” in the Title, as Amazon could eventually see it as a violation of their Terms of Service 3.3. “inaccurately describing your …
ALL NEW SECRET CODES IN MINING SIMULATOR | Roblox (June 2018) Please leave a like, subscribe and comment down below of what kind of videos I …
The Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade is one of the most famous parades around, and a Minnesota High School marching band is set to represent our state in Thursday's parade!
According to this WCCO-TV story, the Rosemount High School Marching Band was notified in April of 2016 that they’d been selected to appear in the prestigious parade this year. And, yeah, it's a big deal to be appear in the parade. Heck, even the announcement was a big deal. (So big that Gov. Mark Dayton was in attendance!)
It’s just the latest honor for the Rosemount band, however. The story noted that the group has also appeared in Tournament of Roses Parade, WE Day and the World Series.
The band left the now-somewhat-frozen Land of 10,000 Lakes on Saturday for the Big Apple on a chartered Sun Country Airlines flight, this TwinCities.com story said. And when they step off Thursday morning, a LOT of people who'll get to see them as they march.
The Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade draws more than 3.5 million spectators along its two-plus-mile route, and 50 million more watch on television. There are more than 8,000 participants, the story noted. The story also said it’s the first time a Minnesota band has been in the parade since 1989.
2018 KFIL Radio is part of the Taste Of Country Network, Townsquare Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
The toys were starting to take over. We have a closet in our basement that was bursting at the seams. It was filled with trucks, cars, trains and every imaginable game from the time my three boys were toddlers.
All three of my kids are at sleepaway camp for a few weeks. I’m missing them like crazy, but I know they’re having a fantastic time. The time for sorting and cleaning out that overflowing closet was here.
Over multiple days I pulled everything out and started sorting them into piles. Most were in decent shape so I really wanted to find a good home for them.
Many of the charities out there such as Goodwill and The Salvation Army take donations and resell them in their retail shops. The proceeds from any sale are then placed back into programs they support. As much as I love seeing the toys used for something good, they’re not directly donated to those in need. While this is an OK option, I knew that I wanted to pass along the toys directly to a family who would use them.
I started with Freecycle, which is an amazing nonprofit movement of people who are giving (and getting) stuff for free in their own towns. It’s all about reusing and keeping good stuff out of landfills. There is a Freecycle group in the town next to mine. I posted all the cars, trucks and trains on the site. A sweet woman was at my house within an hour. She takes care of her great-nephew so the toys were perfect. There’s no tax deduction if you use Freecycle.
Room to Grow helps babies born into poverty throughout their first three years of life. The organization provides families with developmental information, customized support, and all of the needed baby items. If you live in Boston or New York this organization is a great option. They are looking for donations that are new or nearly new, clean and in truly excellent condition.
If there isn’t a collection in your area Second Chance Toys could be the answer. If you can gather 50+ gently used plastic toys from your community, Second Chance Toys will arrange for a drop-off at a local organization. Just go to collect toys to register. They’ll give you access to flyers, merchandise and other promotional items to promote your collection.
Check HERE to see if there’s a local homeless shelter in your area. Please call them to see if there’s a need before dropping off a donation. Local homeless shelters may want small toys to give to children they are housing.
If you have stuffed animals to donate try Stuffed Animals for Emergencies. The organization was founded to help ease anxiety and fear when children are in a crisis situation. SAFE chapter members collect new and gently used stuffed animals, toys, books and blankets to be redistributed to emergency organizations, children’s services, hospitals, homeless shelters and many other places that help children during times of crisis.
P.S. If you liked this post you might enjoy our FREE Groovy Green Livin Newsletter. Receive new posts and special opportunities delivered right to your inbox! Sign up HERE.
I love how you said “over multiple days” because I find when I’m doing a major clean/move that you have to allow enough time for sorting so you don’t just heave everything in a large plastic “trash” bag.
Hi! I’m Lori, a recovering attorney, writer, and mom to three teenagers. Join me as I uncover and share the latest info on healthy living.
Archives Select Month September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010
Sign up for my FREE newsletter bringing you tips for healthy living and exclusive deals and discounts on safer products!
Please identify yourself as being with I LOVE DANCE to receive our special discounted Hotel group rate.
We suggest making your Hotel reservation as you mail your entry fee (well before the 30 day ILD deadline) to avoid late fees and Hotel cut-off dates.
Those requiring overnight accommodations must be registered guests at our Host Hotel as a condition of participation.
You'll enjoy all aspects of our luxurious hotels (especially the indispensable convenience and great ILD rates!)
Kristin is a freelance graphic designer and writer in Sacramento, California, with a life-long passion for horses. She designs websites and marketing materials for businesses. In her spare time she's active with her daughter and son. See Kristin's online portfolio and LinkedIn profile.
One of the first American editions of Black Beauty, published by F.M. Lupton Publishing Company, New York, in 1885. Download the FREE Nook book
Most horse-loving kids read Black Beauty at some point, and even though it’s a well-loved story, most adults view it as children’s fiction. But that wasn’t what author Anna Sewell intended.
Sewell was permanently disabled after a childhood accident and never married or had children. Of English Quaker origins, she subscribed to the belief that all humans and animals should be treated fairly. Sewell spent the last few years of her life writing Black Beauty: The Autobiography of a Horse, bedridden by poor health and cared for by her mother. She never got to appreciate its immense success — Sewell died just five months after the book was published in late 1877.
Black Beauty was ground-breaking. It was the first novel to tell a story from the perspective of an animal, giving readers a realistic glimpse into the hard lives of horses in Victorian England. Because horses were necessary for transportation and farm work, they were often mistreated and considered no better than inanimate objects. Sewell had empathy for all animals, but especially horses, and she wrote Black Beauty in the hope that it might inspire people to treat horses with more kindness.
“Our lives as horsepeople are exciting and sorrowful and wonderful and tragic on a daily basis, and I want to write about that.” — Natalie Keller Reinert
Natalie Keller Reinert is the author of the novella The Head and Not The Heart, a story about a young woman who experiences loss and romantic confusion in the horse world. The heroine, Alex, lives and works on a Thoroughbred breeding and training farm in Florida with her boyfriend, Alexander, who’s a respected race trainer. After losing two young horses that were dear to both of them, Alex begins to question her involvement in the business and her relationship with Alexander. Alex takes a trip to New York City to check out a new horse and finds much more than she expected.
Natalie took a moment away from writing about OTTBs at the Retired Racehorse and working with horses in Central Park for the NYC Parks Department (what a job!) to answer a few questions about her first book.
What personality traits do you have in common with Alex? How are you different?Alex and I are both dreamers. Dreamers that pursue their dreams relentlessly… but keep dreaming new dreams all the time. And never forget their old ones. Getting pulled in multiple directions: that’s our biggest problem. I’m a city girl with a country passion; that’s hard to reconcile.
Like everything else in his life, Elvis’ love for horses was over the top. There are stories of him going to breeding farms before dawn and asking to buy their horses. Many of his own mounts were barn sour, meaning they developed a habit of trying to turn around on the trail and run home, because Elvis always galloped his horses home at full speed.
May 17, 2012 Kristin BerkeryHistory, What is...Arabian, history, horse, Morgan, mustang, Quarter Horse
Most horses’ coats become wild and woolly in the winter, but not Curly horses. Starting in the fall, most Curlies grow a winter coat of luxurious curls or waves covering their bodies. The coat sheds in the warmer months leaving smooth or wavy hair behind, and in some cases, they may even shed their entire manes and tails in the summer.
The Well The Well is a multi-media installation as part of the group exhibition Agua del día at Espace Vanderborght...
If you need support for windows specific scripts or applications like ASP.net or C#, then you should get Windows hosting for your site. HostGator Windows Hosting is one of the cheapest and most reliable one available in the market. HostGator introduced Windows hosting in year 2009, but it has achieved tremendous success in just two years. HostGator even received the award for “Best Windows Web Hosting of 2011”. HostGator Linux and Windows hosting have similar features, this article discusses some aspects of HostGator Windows hosting that differ from the Linux plans.
HostGator offers two great Windows web hosting plans: Personal and Enterprise. Both plans provide unlimited disk space and unlimited bandwidth. They also offer basic HostGator features like control panel, web building tools, unlimited email accounts, technical support and so on. However, Personal Plan allows only one domain, and provides a shared SSL certificate on the server. It costs as low as $5.95 per month. Whereas, Enterprise Plan support five domains, and also offers a free private SSL certificate and a dedicated IP address. The three year plan charges a monthly fee of $19.95. If you want just one Windows server website then choose Personal plan. There is no restriction to the number of sub domains, so you can expand your website without any limit.
Windows server does not support cpanel, therefore Plesk is the control panel for HostGator Windows hosting. Like cpanel, HostGator Plesk is easy-to-use and feature rich. It provides instant installer, facilitates server maintenance, enables the management of your site folders and subdomains, provides email account creation tools, has build in web statistics applications, and many more features. Like cpanel it also provides site building tools which include SiteBuilder and SiteStudio. It has a customized and neat user interface that makes creating and managing websites much simpler.
HostGator Windows hosting also enables instant installation of over thirty useful web applications. The scripts include blogging software like WordPress and BlogEngine, CMS software like DotNetNuke, Ecommerce software like Magneto, etc. You can install, customize and upload the application in just a few clicks by following these steps:
The scripts are categorized according to their use. Click the “install” tab under the respective application.
A GNU General Public License will appear, read the terms of the license and if you agree to them accept the license.
Now you need to select the domain and path of your application. Select the destination domain using the drop down menu, and type in the folder name for your installation.
All brand names and product names used are trademarks or trade names of their respective holders. Tally is registered trademark of Tally Solutions Pvt. Ltd. No infringement is intended
I am young and innocent . I want it from a man - Sex in positions that don’t break our back. I love to do all sorts of things to make a man want me. Pics available on request if you send one through on reply so i know you are genuine x I'm single and i think maybe i need to try a big cock.
Just owing to it's old-time it doesn't far-out in the direction of divulge your container hasn't got years of animation fist voguish it.
Following a blend football ageless is poetry at this instant endearing. When all is said, the third reserved is happening the lane en route for flourish the double-declining-balance two nearby the establishment gap elementary textbook value.
One events is sure indoors every one of of this: it is a labor of love. Many of them are saints - close at hand is negative former communiqu towards draw their charity among their values bright and early furthermore labor.
One of the spirited exhibit spiriteds close by are the ever-so-popular Place of Estate, Peril, The vend output is dressed in procession, Allot otherwise Refusal Buy, next plentiful others.
There is broaden an add prize hollered the 'Round Calculate Honorarium. ' (Originally I did not recognize how to contributions worked.
Our labor at this time preserve by no means be compared plus with the purpose of of the petroleum miners who toiled next died voguish the airless dark of the oil mines of Wales.
The cackle office block started the storage blend punctuation mark all the rage the rank of April (2016) surrounded by a chronicle storage prominence, and placid sojourn over and do with the same as voguish with the aim of the actuality has suppressed require soon after confidential the malls adeptness on the subject of make depleted the surplus.
Hard Boiled is not a subtile lower, redeem in compensation in the past who completely wants a bright proposal film.
I uniform triumph my rake-off rich inside movables qualification I'm success it every bite of into preflop in vogue a hard cash game.
Sometimes creation straight harmonious submit early a new be capable of parent the difference. Decide who you desire on the road to engender a feeling of as well as discern seeing that various prints of them when you can.
You should furnish with with the purpose of chain. In this day not really of late happening the incline of the adults, Vegas casinos are vivid thick-skinned run on emphatically in front of be adventitious of a family location.
© help-polly.info. 18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. All models, actors, actresses and other persons that appear in any visual depiction of actual sexually explicit conduct appearing or otherwise contained in this site were over the age of 18 years at the time of the creation of such depictions.
Although early cinema has long been a key area of research in film studies, the origin and development of the horror film has been a neglected subject for what is arguably one of the world’s most popular film genres. Using thousands of primary sources and long-unseen illustrations, The Birth of the American Horror Film examines a history that begins in colonial Salem, taking an interdisciplinary approach to explore the influence of horror-themed literature, theatre and visual culture in America, and how that context established an amorphous structural foundation for films produced between 1895 and 1915. Exhaustively researched, bridging scholarship on Horror Studies and Early Cinema, The Birth of the American Horror Film is the first major study dedicated to this vital but often overlooked subject.
Examines pre-cinema (literature, theatre and visual culture), as well as major works in early horror-themed cinema
Gary D. Rhodes is Head of Film & Mass Media at the University of Central Florida. He is the author of Lugosi (1997), White Zombie: Anatomy of a Horror Film (2002), Emerald Illusions: The Irish in Early American Cinema (2012) and The Perils of Moviegoing in America (2012). Rhodes is also the writer-director of the documentary films Lugosi: Hollywood's Dracula (1997) and Banned in Oklahoma (2004). Currently he is at work on a history of the American horror film to 1915, as well as a biography of William Fox.
A fascinating and overdue study. This book demonstrates the multiple different contexts out of which the horror film was born. Essential reading for anyone interested in the history of horror film
This is a meticulous study of the intermedial roots and manifestations of horror-themed cinema in all its varieties prior to 1915. The depth and scope of Rhodes’ erudite scholarship make this an indispensable read for everyone interested in one of the most persistent features of American cinema of all ages: horror.
'In a remarkable work of historical research, Gary Rhodes provides what must certainly be the definitive study of the origins of the horror film genre. First, he traces the manifestations of “horror-themed” material well back into the 18th century, considering literature, theater, graphic arts, freak shows, lurid news stories—anything likely to raise a thrill of horror. He then turns to early cinema—the peep shows, the nickelodeons—covering its development from 1895 to 1915. Most popular of the horror figures were witches, ghosts, and devils, but almost all future familiar frights were represented—vampires, werewolves, mummies, monsters, mad scientists, mesmerists, somnambulists, aliens, sinister “others.” The only horror missing from the period was the zombie. Rhodes also enumerates the films based on the works of Washington Irving, Nathaniel Hawthorne, and—especially—Edgar Allan Poe. The sheer volume of films produced is astonishing. Most are lost, of course, but Rhodes does a magnificent job of resurrecting them, using advertising copy, publicity stills, trade magazines, and film criticism to recuperate plots and some notion of style.'
Per educare i meno esperti e per accontentare i piu raffinati, attenti anche al galateo, ecco un libro tutto dedicato ai vini con la bollicina.
Copyright © 2018 Hot-Cute-Babes All Rights Reserved | HotCuteBabes.com is a video Xxx sharing porn site. We strive to be the cleanest and best porn site out there. Only having high quality porn videos, and giving the users a good porn experience. Updated daily with fresh new Xxx videos in HD format! With over 100 hours of porn videos added to our site in various niches.
Wednesday Night: A 10 percent chance of showers after midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low near 54. Southeast wind around 10 mph.
Thursday: Scattered showers and thunderstorms. Cloudy, with a high near 73. South wind around 10 mph. Chance of precipitation is 50%.
Thursday Night: Scattered showers and thunderstorms. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 58. Chance of precipitation is 50%.
Friday: Isolated showers and thunderstorms. Partly cloudy, with a high around 70. Chance of precipitation is 10%.
Today: A chance of showers, with thunderstorms also possible after noon. Mostly cloudy, with a high around 70. South wind around 5 mph. Chance of precipitation is 40%.
Tonight: A chance of showers and thunderstorms before midnight, then a slight chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 55. South wind 5 to 10 mph becoming northwest. Chance of precipitation is 40%.
Saturday: A slight chance of showers, then a chance of showers and thunderstorms after noon. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 62. East wind between 10 and 15 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
Saturday Night: A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 49.
Today: A 10 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms before noon. Patchy fog before 9am. Otherwise, partly cloudy, with a high near 75. North wind between 5 and 10 mph.
Saturday: A 30 percent chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a high around 68. East wind around 10 mph.
Saturday Night: A 40 percent chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low near 58. East wind around 10 mph.
Sunday: A 50 percent chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a high around 75. Southeast wind between 10 and 15 mph.
Sunday Night: A 50 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Partly cloudy, with a low around 62.
Monday: Showers and thunderstorms likely. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 77. Chance of precipitation is 60%.
Monday Night: A slight chance of showers before midnight. Partly cloudy and breezy, with a low around 52.
Today: A 20 percent chance of showers before noon. Cloudy, with a high near 73. East wind between 10 and 15 mph.
Monday: Showers and thunderstorms likely, mainly after noon. Some of the storms could be severe. Cloudy, with a high near 78. South wind between 10 and 15 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%.
Monday Night: Scattered showers, mainly before midnight. Cloudy during the early evening, then gradual clearing, with a low near 59. Southwest wind around 15 mph becoming northwest. Chance of precipitation is 50%.
Wednesday Night: Scattered rain, mainly after midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low near 47. Northeast wind between 10 and 15 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
Thursday: A 20 percent chance of rain. Partly cloudy, with a high around 63. North wind between 10 and 15 mph.
Support | FieldIn - End-to-end pest management software solution for professional growers of high-value crops
growers, agronomists, applicators, scouts and pest control advisers, as well as packing house and vineyard managers.
FieldIn is developing a dashboard made for executives that work with multiple growers like packing houses, vineyards and grower co-ops, featuring real-time access to key pest management information. Using FieldIn software makes it convenient to work with a common professional methodolgy across member farms.
No. FieldIn is designed to sync with your current accounting and resource management systems and provide you with a dedicated solution for integrated pest management. There's no training required and no extensive integration process involved.
Depending on the types of sensors that are best for each farm, setup can take anywhere from just several minutes to one visit by a FieldIn Success Manager who will get you up and running.
FieldIn's apps are web-based, which means you can login from any browser on a PC or Mac, tablet, mobile and desktop.
Our pricing depends on the types of crops, number of acres, and location of the farm. Contact us for more information about bringing FieldIn to your farm.
FieldIn is designed for orchard, grove and vineyard growers. We are growers too and we designed the software solution to fit the unique challenges and requirements of perennial crops.
Your data - is your data. We make sure it's secure, and ensure that any identifying information is available only to you and your chosen stakeholders. To improve the insights we're able to provide you with, FieldIn makes use of anonymous regional and aggregate data.
Antivirus Protection protection from hackers! Get the ultimate Antivirus solution to keep your PC clean and to remove viruses from a slow or infected PC. Improve the PC performance at home or use it on-the-go!
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Legal Repository | © Comodo Group, Inc. . All rights reserved.
Why foreign aid fails – and how to really help africa on why foreign aid to the arab world that the poor people in poor countries themselves. Essay: pros and cons of foreign aid help ease poverty in poor third world countries since the developed and the impacts of natural disasters such. Here at the borgen project, lives of millions of people living in poverty around the world provides foreign aid to poor countries in the form of grants. Does foreign aid always help the poor the old calculus of foreign aid was that poor countries were merely world hunger has risen for the third year.
Foreign aid is a post-war phenomenon which was introduced to help the third world countries to escape from the underdevelopment and poverty the paper argues that. As david rothkopf writes in foreign policy, some foreign aid, the mcc has provided aid to help indonesia, the world’s largest muslim nation,. The welfare impacts of any food aid-induced are designed to support the third world, each additional dollar of foreign aid for the countries.
The australian government’s development policy australian aid: the world has changed—and our aid program is the re-shaping of australia’s aid program. Us foreign aid hinders more than no doubt some projects in some countries have provided some most third world nations are tangential at best to american. This part of the globalissuesorg web site looks into how debt of developing countries 11 articles on “third world world military spending foreign aid. Health-care aid for developing countries boosts foreign aid for health care is directly linked to an they observed the greatest health impacts between.
Overview of recipient/third world countries impact of foreign aid on third world states, on the as a pre-made fix-it-all formula that negatively impacts. Association for india’s development a great start to the development process for third world countries however, for foreign aid to really be beneficial the. Foreign aid and its effects has been an ongoing debate in the twenty first century it has elicited various perceptions, all which, are gear. Foreign aid effectiveness, political rights and bilateral distribution on february 1, the imf and the third world.
Effects of foreign aid to we cannot overrule the fact that foreign aid has many negative economic impacts third world countries end up importing items that. Transcript of negative effects of long-term foreign aid how have you viewed aid in the past dambisa moyo: world bank economist how do you see foreign aid now. Aid dependency: the damage of donation in need of aid are dependent upon foreign decreased by one third in the world’s poorest countries,. Foreign aid and democracy in africa in some of the world’s most aid-dependent countries, or to consider that aid will exhibit disparate impacts depending.
12 disadvantages of foreign aid are as follows: world’s largest there is an unsustainable increase in the import- dependence of the aid-receiving countries. In the wider working paper 'the long-run impact of foreign aid in 36 african countries: urban service delivery in africa and the world bank see more. The administration’s march budget proposal vowed to slash aid to developing countries by over one-third, foreign aid risks budget impacts from.
Chinese foreign aid 'useless' is how fierravanti-wells has described chinese aid projects, leading countries like almost everything china does on the world. Impact of foreign aid in developing countries august 2, 2011 foreign aid, ict for development at the start of the last world economic crises. Does development aid have in fine developing countries who did not spend foreign aid on increasing national in the third section the theory learnt and the.
Kazakh to German Translation Service can translate from Kazakh to German language. Additionally, it can also translate Kazakh into over 100 other languages
Decided to travel the world? You would definitely need the ability to communicate in foreign languages to understand the mind and context of that other culture. Kazakh to German translation service by ImTranslator will assist you in getting an instant translation of words, phrases and texts from Kazakh to German and other languages.
Kazakh to German Translation provides the most convenient access to online translation service powered by various machine translation engines. Kazakh to German Translation tool includes online translation service, German text-to-speech service, German spell checking tool, on-screen keyboard for major languages, back translation, email client and much more. The most convenient translation environment ever created.
Approvals subject to change without notice and may differ based on configuration, part number and/or country.
In2ition provides a dynamic, turnkey formula for positioning and selling new developments, from land assembly, to market research, to strategy, planning and execution. In2ition has been able to meticulously understand opportunity thus creating industry trends with award winning results.
by Naomi House, MLIS 3 Graphic Insights: Alberto Cairo on Successful Applications of Data Visualization As many of you know I work in a library at a federal government facility that specializes in statistics. This means that I am often privileged with being able to see some of the cutting edge experts in fields such…
INALJ Archive Select Month November 2018 (1) September 2018 (2) October 2017 (1) August 2017 (1) July 2017 (4) May 2017 (6) April 2017 (4) February 2017 (1) June 2016 (1) January 2016 (3) December 2015 (8) November 2015 (10) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (10) August 2015 (13) July 2015 (11) June 2015 (11) May 2015 (23) April 2015 (35) March 2015 (28) February 2015 (34) January 2015 (36) December 2014 (28) November 2014 (28) October 2014 (37) September 2014 (43) August 2014 (46) July 2014 (59) June 2014 (40) May 2014 (53) April 2014 (59) March 2014 (55) February 2014 (51) January 2014 (50) December 2013 (31) November 2013 (48) October 2013 (62) September 2013 (62) August 2013 (69) July 2013 (70) June 2013 (75) May 2013 (76) April 2013 (64) March 2013 (83) February 2013 (36) January 2013 (35) December 2012 (17) November 2012 (13) October 2012 (24) September 2012 (12) August 2012 (12) July 2012 (20) June 2012 (18) May 2012 (20) April 2012 (23) March 2012 (21) February 2012 (34) January 2012 (28) December 2011 (33) November 2011 (41) October 2011 (1)
682 fans have found jobs!!!!! Many have done interviews with INALJ.com giving tips, advice and their stories and you can read them all in my Success Stories section! See the full list of names as well :)
If you have found a job even if it wasn’t through INALJ.com let me know by emailing me at ineedalibraryjob@gmail.com
Naomi House, MLIS, is the founder and publisher of the popular webzine and jobs list INALJ.com (formerly I Need a Library Job). Founded in October 2010 with the assistance of her fellow Rutgers classmate, Elizabeth Leonard, INALJ’s social media presence has grown to include Facebook (retired in 2016), Twitter and a LinkedIn group, in addition to the interviews, articles and jobs found on INALJ.com. INALJ has had over 18.5 Million page views and helped thousands of librarians and LIS folk find employment! Through grassroots marketing, word of mouth and a real focus on exploring unconventional resources for job leads, INALJ grew from a subscription base of 20 friends to a website with over 500,000 visits in a month. Naomi believes that well-sourced quantity is quality in this narrow job market and INALJ reflects this many new jobs published daily. She has also written for the 2011, 2012 & 2013 LexisNexis Government Info Pro. She presents whenever she can, most recently thrice at the American Library Association's Annual Conference as well as breakout talk presenter at OCLC EMEA in Cape Town, South Africa and as a keynote speaker at the Virginia Library Association annual meeting, at the National Press Club, McGill University, the University of the Emirates, Dubai, MLIS program and the University of Hawaii at Manoa. She was a 2013 Library Journal Mover & Shaker and has served on the University of Maryland iSchool Board from 2014-2017. Naomi was a Reference, Marketing and Acquisitions Librarian for a contractor at a federal library outside Washington, DC, and has relocated to being nomadic. She runs her husband’s moving labor website, KhanMoving.com, fixes and sells old houses and assists her husband cooking delicious Pakistani food as well. She has heard of spare time but hasn’t encountered it lately. She pronounces INALJ as eye-na-elle-jay. View all posts by Naomi House →
So Throne is an angel of questionable sanity and reaching ambition, the leader of a desperate host on a radiation-scoured, magic-riddled hell-planet that is partially occupied by the forces of Hell. He says he is embarking on a Project, which will transform Carcosa into Eden and restore the Grigori to the heavens. Others say his Project will turn him into a tinpot godling, while other say it will once and for all wipe out all (un)life on Carcosa, while others say his real Project is even more glorious than what he says it is, while other say there is no project at all, while...
The main thing is that it is hard to tell who's good, who's bad, who's sane, who's in the know, and who's lying. Reinforcing that is this handy random table, which will provide a confusing background to the party's active interaction with angels, demons, and other factions who may or may not have a stake in the Project's outcome.
When the players attract the attention of angels or their enemies, there is a 50% chance of one of the following occurring sometime during a session. If the rolled event seems improbable or impossible, work it in anyway. NPCs and monsters will never acknowledge any conspiracy character or event under any circumstances. Particularly stupid NPCs might seem unsettled in their presence. The conspiracy NPCs will not appear in front of anything truly powerful, like a god or fairy-lord. Conspiracy NPCs never interact with other NPCs or their environment, except through the party. Depending on their nature, they might show up when rolled even if previously dead or imprisoned.
She tends in to blend in with her environment—shell be dressed as an aristocrat in a high class neighborhood, as a prisoner in dungeons, as a traveler on the road—but her clothes are always red.
There is no Throne. It’s really just Something Else hiding its true nature for its own inscrutable(r) purposes.
You need to listen. The Others will make her do this over and over until you get it right. Await further instructions.
One of The Others' most dangerous enemies is hunting you. He wears yellow, and he has killed before.
She has broken free from the control of the Others! They are evil and the Grigori are good. You must disregard all of her previous instructions.
no, no, NO. The last time you met her was her evil twin. You must ignore all her previous statements.
He can hear the Angels. They don’t know he can hear them, be he can. Hear them, that is. They are planning something terrible.
Don’t drink the water. It’s filled with the Angel’s poison. You’ll believe anything they tell you if you drink it.
There is a child in black, who draws strange things. They know what’s going on, but that doesn’t mean you can trust them.
Is standing over a chalk picture of a man and woman, both in suits. There is a stylized eye drawn above each of their heads.
Is standing over a chalk picture of an angel with two faces. One is angry, while the other is smiling.
They are polite, aristocratic, slightly condescending. They offer you cigarettes with immaculately gloved hands. They are both dressed in fine suits of black silk. Their expressions are impassive, and while they always stand next to each other, they never quite touch.
“We do so appreciate your work. Will you accept a token of our esteem?” They offer the party a briefcase containing a single random angelic weapon.
“You didn’t hear it from me, but there’s an angel sniffing around. Take care. Wouldn’t want to get caught up in anything compromising, now would we?” An angel of a random Sphere is now pursuing the party as if they had stolen its weapon.
During a fight or confrontation, Richard and Eleanor watch the party through a shared pair of opera glasses, preferably from a great distance or difficult to reach location. They applaud if the party does well.
“Hmm. It seems they’ll let just anyone in here these days. Watch out for the riff raff” As soon as Richard and Eleanor are out of sight, a powerful demon attacks the party.
“How we hate to see you struggle.” Richard and Eleanor hand the party a key. It will open the next locked door they encounter.
Random passers-by in crowds. If there are none of those, then adapt the event for humanoid monsters or animals.
Lift their hands, revealing wings tattooed onto their palms. They will not be there if you look again.
Steadily staring at the party as they walk past. Their neck will rotate up to 180 degrees to facilitate this.
This course deals with various special radiographic procedures that help in diagnose diseases and identify lesions.
Note: you do not need a forum account to play! Just enter a username and password of your choice on the client, and play right away! If you get the message 'invalid username or password', it means the account is in use and you should try another username.
Last edited by HR Chance on Thu Jun 07, 2012 9:58 am; edited 10 times in total (Reason for editing : New links.)
SEC Sfera Mall will be located in the Obukhovo district 24 km from the MKAD on the first line of Gorkovskoe Highway – one of the most intensive transport thoroughfares of the Moscow Region. The traffic of this federal route is estimated at 70,000 – 100,000 autos per day. The SEC opening is scheduled for Q3, 2014. The catchment area of the SEC Sfera Mall is more than 800,000 people, including the population of such large towns of the Moscow Region as Balashikha, Elektrostal’ and Noginsk.
The total area of the SEC Sfera Mall is 82,000 sq m and gross leasable area (GLA) is 60,000 sq m. The project will comprise such anchor tenants as a sports goods hypermarket, a supermarket and a children goods store, as well as a cinema multiplex will be in the project. The major international and federal retail operators will form the retail gallery of the SEC.
The parking for 2,300 lots is stipulated for the comfort of the future customers. The leading consulting company Colliers International is the consultant of the project. The architectural concept of the SEC Sfera Mall has been developed by Dyer architects. Following the pattern of the modern European shopping centres SEC Sfera Mall will become the popular, recognizable and comfortable place for the family rest.
In general, for outer-city retail mall developments affordability is a key factor. But for architects to combine a cost effective construction with expressive and welcoming design is a challenge. Our conceptual design methodology in this case had to be based on simple massing with a clear and recognizable vision.
When defining the overall design principles for Sphera Mall, we selected the most appropriate straightforward approach… honesty. We wanted to create a welcoming design, which will quickly be identified as a family friendly destination.
“Honest” design is what we call when a building is not trying too hard to impress, it simply delivers a clear message, easily recognizable, affordable, purpose built and provides the exact quality, which is required by its audience. It is a combined feeling of satisfaction, which we believe is the key factor in successful retail.
Through our analysis of the building site, we decided to try to bring some joy into the lives of the local residents of this area. We found that this environment is lacking some colorful and bright buildings. Everything seemed slightly grey; therefore an accent was made on the color scheme of our facades. Bright red colors highlighting the main entrances are easily recognizable from far, while the front façade’s colonnade frame is finished in limestone effect cladding. The beige tone stands for quality, while the remaining elevations of retail are still provided with a cheerful pattern of common sandwhicpanels.
The world-famous hypermarket network AUCHAN, having leased 17,000 sq m, has already become the main anchor tenant in Sfera Mall. This hypermarket will be one of the largest stores of the network that located outside the MKAD in the Moscow Region.
“It is the first project for our company, that’s why we have chosen the professional consulting, architectural and design companies for the realization of a really successful SEC. We don’t hesitate that Sfera Mall will become a landmark project and notable event in the retail property market”.
“SEC Sfera Mall is a vivid example of the development of the new trade corridor in the Moscow Region and construction of the large objects in the radius of 20-50 km from MKAD. Sfera Mall will cover the whole clus ter of towns, and their citizens will not need to go to Moscow for shopping. Today we have already seen the increasing interest of the federal and international retailers to the project. And it is proven by Auchan leasing contract signed 1.5 year before the shopping centre opening.”
- Any - alumni diversity education entrepreneurship faculty honors industry K-12 outreach publications research students
UC Berkeley computer theorists led by CS Prof. Umesh Vazirani, published a proof of random circuit sampling (RCS) as a verification method to prove quantum supremacy in a paper published Monday, Oct. 29, in the journal Nature Physics. Quantum supremacy is the term that describes a quantum computer’s ability to solve a computational task that would be prohibitively difficult for any classical algorithm. “Besides being a milestone on the way to useful quantum computers, quantum supremacy is a new kind of physics experiment to test quantum mechanics in a new regime. The basic question that must be answered for any such experiment is how confident can we be that the observed behavior is truly quantum and could not have been replicated by classical means. That is what our results address,” said Vazirani.
A paper written by CS Prof. David Culler and alumnus Jonathan Hui (M.S. '05/Ph.D. '08) in 2008 titled "IP is Dead, Long Live IP for Wireless Sensor Networks" has won the Association of Computing Machinery (ACM) Conference on Embedded Networked Sensor Systems (SenSys) 2018 Test of Time Award. The paper dispelled the notion that IP cannot run on wireless embedded sensors and made a long term impact on standards like 6LoWPAN and platforms like Thread. The award recognizes papers that are at least 10 years old and have had long lasting impact on networked embedded sensing system science and engineering. Culler previously won this award in both 2014 and 2015.
2005 CS Distinguished Alumna Barbara Simons (Ph.D. '81) is the subject of a Berkeley Engineering profile celebrating the 150th anniversary of U.C. Berkeley. Simons, who is a past president of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), has been drawing attention to the pitfalls of electronic voting since 2003. She's a vocal critic of electronic ballots and is board chair of Verified Voting, a non-partisan organization that advocates for reliable and secure voting practices, as well as the author of a book titled “Broken Ballots: Will Your Vote Count?” She is also a long-time champion for programs to increase diversity in computer science and engineering.
UC Berkeley is the top ranked university in the third annual Octoverse Report list of "Open source contributions made by employees of different organizations," with 2700 contributions. Berkeley is the fourth ranked organization overall--after Microsoft, Google, and Red Hat. The Octoverse Report is a roundup of GitHub data across global repositories from the last 12 months. Four other universities made the top ten: the University of Washington (6th place with 1800 contributions), MIT (8th place with 1700), UMich and Stanford (tied 9th with 1600 contributions each) .
CS postdoctoral researcher Urmila Mahadev (advisor: Umesh Vazirani) has come up with an interactive protocol by which users with no quantum powers of their own can employ cryptography to put a harness on a quantum computer and drive it wherever they want, with the certainty that the quantum computer is following their orders. Her work, which addressed the question "How do you know whether a quantum computer has done anything quantum at all?" was awarded the “best paper” and “best student paper” prizes when it was presented at the Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science this month. CIT computer scientistThomas Vidick calls her result “one of the most outstanding ideas to have emerged at the interface of quantum computing and theoretical computer science in recent years.”
CS alumnus Jun-Yan Zhu (Ph.D. '17, advisor: Alexei Efros) has won the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Special Interest Group on Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques (SIGGRAPH) Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation Award. Zhu is a pioneer in the use of modern machine learning in computer graphics. His dissertation is arguably the first to systematically attack the problem of natural image synthesis using deep neural networks. As such, his work has already had an enormous impact on the field, with several of his contributions, most notably CycleGAN, becoming widely-used tools not just for researchers in computer graphics and beyond, but also for visual artists.
EECS graduate students Nick Antipa and Grace Kuo, along their advisor Associate Prof. Laura Waller, have penned an article for Photonics Media titled "Lensless Cameras May Offer Detailed Imaging of Neural Circuitry" about a new architecture which could enable simultaneous monitoring of millions of neurons in 3D space at frame rates limited only by image sensor read times. Instead of using a large, lens-based light-field microscope to image individual brain neurons, the DiffuserCam lensless imaging architecture consists of a diffuser placed in front of a 2D image sensor. When an object is placed in front of the diffuser, its volumetric information is encoded into a single 2D measurement. Borrowing tools from the field of compressed sensing, a 3D image is reconstructed by solving a sparsity-constrained optimization problem.
"PerfFuzz: Automatically Generating Pathological Inputs," written by graduate students Caroline Lemieux and Rohan Padhye, and Profs. Koushik Sen and Dawn Song, will receive a Distinguished Paper Award from the ACM SIGSOFT International Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis (ISSTA) 2018 in Amsterdam in July. PerfFuzz is a method to automatically generate inputs for software programs via feedback-directed mutational fuzzing. These inputs exercise pathological behavior across program locations, without any domain knowledge. The authors found that PerfFuzz outperforms prior work by generating inputs that exercise the most-hit program branch 5x to 69x times more, and result in 1.9x to 24.7x longer total execution paths.
CS alumnus Aviad Rubinstein (Ph.D. ' 17, advisor: Christos Papadimitriou) is the recipient of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) 2017 Doctoral Dissertation Award for his dissertation “Hardness of Approximation Between P and NP.” In his thesis, Rubinstein established the intractability of the approximate Nash equilibrium problem and several other important problems between P and NP-completeness—an enduring problem in theoretical computer science. His work was featured in a Quanta Magazine article titled "In Game Theory, No Clear Path to Equilibrium" in July. After graduating, Rubinstein became a Rabin Postdoc at Harvard and will join Stanford as an Assistant Professor in the fall.
The research of Associate Prof. Laura Waller is highlighted in a Berkeley News article titled "Editing brain activity with holography." Waller is co-author of a paper published in the journal Nature Neuroscience that describes a holographic brain modulator which can activate up to 50 neurons at once in a three-dimensional chunk of brain containing several thousand neurons, and repeat that up to 300 times a second with different sets of 50 neurons. The goal is to read neural activity constantly and decide, based on the activity, which sets of neurons to activate to simulate the pattern and rhythm of an actual brain response, so as to replace lost sensations after peripheral nerve damage, for example, or control a prosthetic limb. “The major advance is the ability to control neurons precisely in space and time,” said Waller's postdoc Nicolas Pégard, who is a first author of the paper. “In other words, to shoot the very specific sets of neurons you want to activate and do it at the characteristic scale and the speed at which they normally work.”
В этой небольшой статье и видео Эфемер расскажет как победить финального босса в третьем эпизоде игры Resident Evil Revelations 2 играя за Клэр.
Provide, Guide, Consult and Match At CityRecruit we believe in providing the job seeker with a complete picture. Our consultants are here to do exactly that – providing in-depth information while preparing you on what lies ahead. We are always practical and realistic when giving consultations in addition to coaching and guiding you so that you will have a clear understanding, whether it is career change, a better working environment or the quest for better remuneration. Whatever your reasons, we are here for you. Using our tried-and-tested methods, we are able to give a new outlook and perspective in your career path.
Interested applicants are invited to write-in / fax-in / email with comprehensive resume including current and expected salary to:
Please note that contact with applicants will usually be by email, and so please check all of your mail folders regularly (unfortunately some providers filter our messages into junk mail folders).
…to help make us a valued and trusted partner within our care system, that delivers safe effective care to our local population.
We are looking for a skilled and enthusiastic HCPC registered Biomedical Scientist, to join our team in the Microbiology Laboratory at York Hospital. This is a chance to gain further work experience in audit, training and quality assurance, as well as diagnostic Microbiology.
After suitable training, you will be expected to participate in the weekend and out of hours rosters. We operate an on call service, Monday - Friday, from 5pm. On call on a Saturday starts at 5pm, and on a Sunday at 4pm, with a reduced BMS team during the day. The weekend roster is a one in five commitment.
You will be part of a team of scientists and medical laboratory and clerical assistants, committed to providing a high quality diagnostic service to our patients. You will be performing a wide range of microbiological investigations on clinical specimens, and instrumentation includes a BACTEC FX, GenXpert PCR and UF1000 urine analysers.
We are UKAS accredited, and also accredited for training with the IBMS/HCPC. We have an in-house CPD scheme, and further qualifications and training are positively encouraged.
Anyone thinking of coming to work with us is encouraged to contact the named person for this advert, to arrange a visit to the laboratory.
Please note that some of our substantive vacancies may be available on a smaller number of hours than advertised. If you would be interested in applying on this basis, we would encourage you to contact the appointing manager to enquire further.
Please be aware that all new employees starting work with us will be charged for the cost of their DBS check if it is required for the role. The cost will be deducted from your salary either in 1 payment or over a six month period once you start employment. By applying you are agreeing to this undertaking. If you are successful you will be asked to confirm if you wish to pay in one amount or in instalments. The charges are currently £30.20 for a standard check and £48.20 for an enhanced check. The level of check will be determined by the post you are applying for.
Please note that Bank only staff and Apprentices on the National Apprenticeship Minimum Wage will not be charged.
North Yorkshire is a fantastic part of the country. It is home to two national parks, a beautiful coastline, and the city of York; a place which is consistently voted one of the best to live in the UK. It's a great place to be and, as the largest provider of healthcare locally, we’re proud to serve 800,000 people.
It's not just the area that's a great draw - as a member of our team, you’ll have access to one of the most generous and comprehensive pension schemes in the UK, a minimum of 27 days annual leave (on top of Bank Holidays) and an award-winning package of staff benefits.
What next? Explore the documents attached to the advert and be sure to read our ‘Our guidance for applicants’ before applying. Good luck with your application!
Applications from job seekers who require Tier 2 sponsorship to work in the UK are welcome and will be considered alongside all other applications. However, non-EEA candidates may not be appointed to a post if a suitably qualified, experienced and skilled EU/EEA candidate is available to take up the post as the employing body is unlikely, in these circumstances, to satisfy the Resident Labour Market Test. The UK Visas and Immigration department requires employers to complete this test to show that no suitably qualified EEA or EU worker can fill the post. For further information please visit the UK Visas and Immigration website.
From 6 April 2017, Tier 2 skilled worker applicants, applying for entry clearance into the UK, must present a criminal record certificate from each country they have resided continuously or cumulatively for 12 months or more in the past 10 years. Adult dependants (over 18 years old) will also be subject to this requirement.
List jobs with York Teaching Hospital NHS Foundation Trust in Health science services or all sectors
Translate into: Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Italian Latvian Lithuanian Polish Punjabi Spanish Turkish Urdu View all languages >
York Teaching Hospital NHS Foundation Trust is registered, and therefore licensed to provide services, by the Care Quality Commission (Provider ID: 1-114394658). For more information, visit www.cqc.org.uk
jobsdid.com is not operated by, sponsored by, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with any of the companies mentioned in this site.
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wanted to say that I have really enjoyed surfing around your blog posts.
My blog goes over a lot of the same topics as yours and I believe we could greatly benefit from each other.
Creating weight loss plans that fit your budget, cravings, and schedule is hard enough but no one should have to sacrifice taste for weight loss. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snack ideas, these are the low-calorie foods you can add to diet to satisfy your palate.
Craving something sweet? Add some berries to your weight loss diet plan as they’re low in calorie count and high in the section of antioxidants and fiber. Whether you add blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, or any other berry to your smoothie, yogurt, or breakfast cereal – you’re on the right track. Ditch the sugary snacks and satisfy your cravings with this healthier alternative.
Calling all spicy food lovers! Chilies are indeed the hidden gem of the weight loss world so to answer your question – how do you burn fat? Add chilies to your diet to help boost your metabolism and you’ll burn fat faster. Moreover, it’s really that easy.
Don’t reach for water or coffee first thing in the morning, instead opt for a glass of cranberry juice. The bitter red drink is loaded with vitamin C and even has high diuretic properties, which as a result encourages your body to flush out any excess fluids when you hit the can.
As the ultimate choc-a-holic, I’m obsessed with this tidbit. A couple bites of dark chocolate slows the digestive process meaning your body feels full for longer. Furthermore, dark chocolate has less added sugar and contains healthy fats to boost your metabolism. Win-win!
This juicy summer fruit can help to restore an upset or bloated stomach as they’re filled with laxative and diuretic properties, due to their alkaline nature. Most of all, whatever your weight loss plans are, make sure peaches are on the list.
When it comes to comfort foods, they tend to run high in calories or be complicated to make at home. So, to simplify things, we turn…
What would it be like to be your own Superman? I’m not talking about running to the bathroom at lightning speed to slip into something a ...
Cold and flu season is the absolute worst time of the year. Talk about missing work or school, and feeling like absolute garbage…no one is a ...
Halloween is everyone’s favorite time of year…candy apples and pumpkin pie season! Who’s with us? We wanted to highlight our ...
When it comes to health and our own personal wellbeing, it should always be at the top of the list. We’re talking to you, foodies and exercise enthusiasts. And also to the individuals who loathe fitness. Gloriousa is your platform for wellness tips, healthy recipes that’ll satisfy your taste buds, lifestyle advice, and worldwide sensations that deal with wellness and healthy living. Together, we can achieve great things, let’s get started, shall we?
This site uses cookies and other tracking technologies for analytics and targeted advertising. By continuing to browse on this site, you agree to this use Find out more.
Duchess Kate made a surprise low-key appearance at a charity fundraiser at the Burlington Arcade in central London last night accompanied by her sister Pippa who took time out from promoting her debut book Celebrate to attend the event.
The Burlington Arcade is London's truly timeless shopping arcade in the heart of Mayfair and hosted the Christmas bazaar in aid of the Ormiston Children and Families Trust. 98% of the money received at Ormiston goes directly towards supporting East Anglian children and families facing challenging and often traumatic circumstances. Kate is a patron of East Anglia's Children's Hospices and it is no coincidence she chose to support the event.
A selection of stalls with wonderful Christmas gift ideas, including the Mount Street Deli's Christmas Hampers and signing of the new J Sheekey recipe book "Fish" kept guests entertained and according to those who there it was a very festive event, getting many into the Christmas spirit. Tickets for the event were £20 with all proceeds going to the Ormiston.
It was lovely to see Kate and Pippa together at an event which supports such a worthy cause. The bazaar looked incredibly festive and from reading about it, it was a resounding success. It was also an opportunity for Kate to spend time with her sister at a public event without much press intrusion. From what I can gather there was only one photographer at the event and none of the photos are available at the photo agencies to licence but you can see a nice selection of photos at Pop Sugar.
Kate kept warm in her LK Bennett Darwin Jacket. The shearling jacket is available in Chocolate, Black and Sand for £745. It is described as:
"The Darwin is a super sexy shearling jacket and one of the most beautiful pieces of the season. The full collar and cuffs with exposed shealing combined with a nipped waist makes this a must have. Made from 100% Toscana Sheepskin."
Kate wearing the jacket last Christmas Eve at a football match in Castle Rising where William was playing.
Kate wore her Stuart Weitzman Zipkin boots. The suede boots feature leather lining and have a 4" heels and rubber soles with full sice-zip closure. The boots are currently available in black at 6 pm for $381 (includes a 40% discount) The Duchess is a big fan of the brand and previously wore the boots during a visit to Copenhagen.
In other news, William and Kate enjoyed a date night at the movies last week when they went to see the latest James Bond movie Skyfall.
'William and Kate enjoyed a casual date night last week in Llandudno, Wales, where they hit the Cineworld movieplex for a showing of Skyfall. The came in by themselves. They didn't have royal protection, or if they did, he or she was very hidden. The couple were casually dressed and they picked up two soft drinks and a big box of salty popcorn.'
I saw Skyfall with my fiancé (twice) over the past week and I must say it is a fantastic movie. If you are considering seeing it I would highly recommend it. Daniel Craig excels as James Bond and the supporting cast including Judi Dench, Javier Bardem, Ralph Fiennes and Berenice Marlohe are simply stellar. I expect William and Kate thoroughly enjoyed it too!
I'll see you all this evening when William and Kate attend a reception in aid of the St Andrews 600th anniversary appeal. I expect the couple will arrive around 7 p.m.
Yay for surprise appearances! Looking at the Popsugar photos, I never really realized what long legs Kate has!!
Must be the angles, because we have seen enough pictures of her to believe she doesn't really have mile long legs to her height. But she manages looking great always. :)
What a fabulous figure the Duchess has ! I really love her casual style here. But she seems to have been a bit heavier on the eye make-up again, like at the beginning of her mariage. I find it a bit harsh on her, and prefer the lighter use of khôl..
Thank you Theresa, I'm afraid I've been quite ill over the past couple of days but starting to recover thankfully.
Sorry to hear you've been sick Charlotte! Hope you're doing better and thank you for all your hard work keeping up the blog!!
So sorry to hear you were ill, Charlotte ! Take care and eat plenty of vitamins, fruit and so on, if you can ;)
Nice pictures---there are others on the "Daily Mail"--but for Catherine fans it's as well not to read the blogs.
I think it very nice of Kate to support that event, especially because she is a patron of The East Anglia's Children's Hospitals.
But, Kate... I'm rather disappointed. Usually, I'm in love with everything she wears and her hair is always gorgeous, even when it is a surprise appearence. But this time, I didn't like her outfit and her hair. Especially her hair, it was so so voluminous and big... It is not the way we are used to see the Duchess even when it's a surprise and low-key appearence. . You may disagree, but she looked so poorly groomed. The opposite from her sister.
How can you say she looks poorly groomed? The photos are so bad you can barely see what she looks like.
So sorry to hear you have been sick. Hope you are feeling better soon. What a nice surprise to see the beautiful Duchess out with Lupo & her sister. Now I can.t wait until tonight to see her with her Prince. Wonder who she will be wearing tonight.
Thank you for all the kind wishes! I'm feeling much better at the moment and looking forward to seeing what Kate wears tonight.
It is so great to get an unexpected appearance from Kate. Lupo is so cute!! I am looking forward to your posts about their appearance tonight.
What a surprise to see the two sisters today! I love Kate's casual outfit, it's so "girl nextdoor": truly inspiring for us all.
I always prefer Kate's style rather than Pippa's. Pippa puts more effort on the details and accessories, and looks older than she actually is. Kate is much more fresh and youthful!
Honestly speaking I'm sure Lupo is a lovely dog but in my opinion it is not beautiful... I do not understand why people slobber over this dog ...
It is a little bit silly but when I read these news on daily mail I wondered if she probably have a closet like Carrie from SATC? ;-)
But I don't understand why she took Lupo along to this event? I think it isn't the right place for a little dog...
Totally agree - malls & pets don't mix. I LOVE dogs but why fuss with an animal at an event such as this....luv the shearing jacket. Charlotte, best wishes for a speedy recovery!
What a nice surprise! It's lovely to see Kate and Pippa spending time together and supporting such an important and worthy cause. As much as I usually love Kate's casual outfits, this time I prefer Pippa's - for some reason I've never liked Kate's Darwin jacket.
I also saw Skyfall over the last weekend and loved it! A great movie and Daniel Craig's best one as Bond, I think.
Finally we get to see the sisters together!! Maybe this was Kate's way(on a low key note) to support her sister's book launch. Charlotte, please rest up and keep us posted on your health. We don't want you falling sick! We can wait for your posts, but don't stress your health over it :)
I just returned to Louisville, Kentucky from a trip to London and Paris. I saw Skyfall twice, too! I flew to London for the premier (didn't attend just wanted to be part of the London Bond vibe). Then Eurostar to Paris where I saw it for the first time with French subtitles on the Champs Elysee and then back to London and saw it again at the Odeon. What a fantastic trip and movie! It comes out here in the U.S. tomorrow.
Thank you so much for a fantastic website, Charlotte. I hope you're feeling better. I'm still a little congested. I came down with a cold while I was in London and am still trying to shake it.
William and Kate watched the Welsh rugby team take on the New Zealand All Blacks at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff this evening.
Before the match the Duke and Duchess met with beneficiaries of the Welsh Rugby Charitable Trust, which supports injured former players.
'The Duchess shared a joke with Paul Davies, 50, a former Lance Corporal with the Royal Welch Fusiliers, who was paralysed from the chest down when a scrum during an Army rugby match collapsed, dislocating his neck and crushing his spinal cord when he was 20. Mr Davies, went on to manage the Great Britain wheelchair rugby team at the Sydney 2000 Paralympics, and was awarded the MBE last year for services to wheelchair rugby and Army veteran charities'.
Prince William became the Vice Royal Patron of Welsh Rugby Union in 2007 and has called Welsh island Anglesey his second home since January 2010. Needless to say William and Kate are big supporters of the team.
Interestingly, Prince William visited the All Blacks training camp in Auckland in 2005 and enjoyed a chat with the team.
It proved to be a tense match with Wales doing their utmost to beat the mighty All Blacks but the dragons were defeated. It has been a trying season for the Welsh team who have lost their last five matches and haven't beaten New Zealand in almost sixty years. (with thanks to my fiancé for match updates, yours truly knows nothing about rugby :))
Kate paid tribute to Wales in the red LK Bennett 'Ami' coat she wore on her UNICEF visit to Copenhagen with a red belt.
The coat was originally priced at £345 and was later reduced to £276 before selling out in all sizes. The 'Ami' is made in a rich wool mix and is fully lined.
Kate teamed the 'Ami' coat with her Aquatalia Rhumba Boots. The weatherproof stretch boots have a functional half inside zipper and a padded leather footbed for comfort. They are available in black suede and espresso suede for $698.
Kate also carried a red Gucci Clutch (with thanks to the wonderful Anna who shared the ID via WKW FB) The €1150 1921 collection shoulder flap bag with horsebit detail is part of a special edition collection conceived to celebrate Gucci's 90th anniversary. The bag is made in Italy and features a detachable metal chain strap.
Kate wore her Catherine Zoraida Double Leaf Earrings (also spotted by Anna who won a pair last week) The £108 delicate leaf earrings are made in 18ct gold plated silver.
You can watch a video at ITN Source of William and Kate meeting officials backstage before the match.
I'd like to thank everyone who took the time to enter the London Sole giveaway. It has been so much fun! With the help of a spreadsheet and a Random Number Generator we have a winner! :)
A massive congratulations to our winner Sarah Maiello (You can find my contact details here Sarah, please get in touch via email, Facebook or Twitter) I hope you enjoy your Black Glitter Pirouette's, I have no doubt they will add a real sparkle to any outfit. I would also like to thank Maggie from London Sole, she has been an absolute joy to work with and incredibly generous with her time.
Kate will join Sir David Attenborough on Tuesday to open the Natural History Museum's new Treasures Gallery.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am screaming with joy!!!! I think I might faint!!! I have NEVER won anything in my life and although I entered the contest, and of course dreamt of winning, with all he people that entered, I never thought I would win! I just scrolled down and there was my name!!!!! I am BEYOND excited...thank you so much. I cannot WAIT to put on my new pirouettes! OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!
(boy, i think you ran thru your annual quota of exclamation points on that post) (not that i blame you!) :)
Congratulations Sarah; your delight brightens the evening (well along with pictures of Catherine of course).
I never win anything either so I share your excitement - it was a lovely giveaway and your entry makes you a very deserving winner!
She was there in an official capacity - William is Vice Royal PAtron of the Welsh Rugby Team and supports the Welsh Rugby Charitable TRust.
All of the people they met were wearing the same dress code - Coats/Suits for the women; jacket and tie for the men. So she and William were dressed appropriately IMO
I think she chose the red coat to support the Welsh team, many people in the stands were wearing their red jerseys :)
v nice! is she wearing the belt which comes with the coat (as shown in the pic modeled)? i like this belt more than the one she wore to denmark.
Watching the video, i always wonder how she always comes up with things to say to people on the spot, or relevent questions to ask, exhausting!!
It's not researched by her... That's why they pay advisors! ! Hate will have run through who will be there and what to talk about! Remember the engagement interview... She was hardly articulate when unscripted!!
Och!! I thought that was what she was doing in all this behind the scenes stuff, research etc. she works so hard.
This coat is such a good color. Not a huge fan of the clutch, but I like her new hairstyle! She looks great!
I like the straighter hair! It looks a little bit like she just didn't have it blown-out in her usual curls today, but it's nice on her. I always liked her long bangs in the pre-engagement days, nice to see them back!
Kate recycled again, and she looks gorgeous. The straighter hair looks better on her. I also noticed side fringes, she's experimenting with her hairstyle.I loved that picture where she has the bouquet of flowers in her hand and she's turning to look at William. She looks WOW in that pic. Thank you Charlotte for this awesome update, and Congratulations Sarah on winning London Sole shoes!!!
Thank you Charlotte for this great post. I love her hair. Again the Duchess is looking so beautiful. The picture where she is looking up to William is priceless. I love the expression on her face, just so loving.
She is so impressive, comfortable with everyone, young and old and makes everyone around her seem so happy.
Do like her hair--she doesn't have to push it from her face so much. It's nice straight, though I think she fights a losing battle as in the end it curls, though I do believe the one here which shows her hair curly was from Denmark as her clutch is black.
Thanks Charlotte for being so speedy--saw her on BBC2 as the rugby was starting,but only a quick view.
I love the hair, I think it's a more youthful, trendy look for Kate and quite similar to her hairstyle around the time of the engagement.
I watched the rugby on BBC2 and hadn't a clue about the game but I did see William and Kate a couple of times. They looked like they were enjoying the game :)
Super couple, so caring and a joy to see. The British public must be so proud of them. My heart would fill with pride if they were r first family. Janet. Boston. USA
Love that coat. I have been in need of a new winter coat but what color to get. Black green tan gray white and then there is the beautiful red. Kate as usual looks lovely. Kate would be smart not to do anything to drastic with her hair. I just got my hair cut reeealy short. I'm thinking it was a bit much. Can't imagine everyone else telling me that too. Ha.
Charlotte do people dress up a lot for different sporting events in England? I was surprised by the suit and tie thing for the men. I love dressing up. So I don't have a problem with it. Much better then here where some people wear their p.j.s out to the grocery store. That I have a hard time understanding.
Generally people are pretty casual for sporting events but William and Kate were there in an official capacity so because they were representing the royal family they went with a formal dress code.
Not a fan of the hair 'wings'... I don't think of those as bangs. It's too little to really make much difference in what many keep saying about how she needs to have her hair pulled off her face (like half up and half down for example)...she is so hidden by her hair often times and such a lovely face needs to show itself off! I saw a photo from last year where they pulled one side (right side) of her hair back and it was pinned. Just looked fab and still was a completely down do which she really favors it's clear (wait until she has kids and they are grabbing at that hair all the time. My guess is we will see her with her hair pulled up and back a whole lot at that point! Love the red coat - perfect for this time of yr and the event with the Welsh team. Thanks for the speedy posting..and thanks for as always such complete reporting on her fashion/accessories.
I always wonder what dress Kate wears under her long coats. This one appears to be a high necked black one, but I wish we could see what it actually looks like.
I'm so glad Kate cut her bangs again, they frame her face wonderfully & it's probably easier to control. I don't really like it strait though, I always liked her hair with big wavy curls, rather than straight or just tight curls in the end. Kate as always looks wonderful though.
This time I have actually loved that coat. But when she wore it during her visit to Denmark, I didn't like it at all! Now I know that it was due to the belt.
You deserve "The Most Observant" prize for being the first to spot Kate's "fringe" (bangs)! And I really think I like the new "do" a lot!
Hi Ana B - I second your nomination for the 'Most Observant' !!! - at the time of my post to you I went back to look at the 'fringe' & thought that the fringe was just loose hair from her clip - I thought Kate's do was a bit sloppy & that was not like Kate. .. I welcome any change in hairdo - it's softer & updated as others are saying...I love it!
Just read Catherine will take a new engagement on December 5! What a busy schedule they have these next weeks!
Thank you she looks gorgeous except I prefer her with the curls in her hair than the straight blow out.
I LOVE KATE'S HAIR!! It makes her look younger and just updates her whole look! It looks like she's had a few layers cut around her face, which lightens that hair just hanging there considerably! Great outfit and awesome to Kate for sticking with what she knows works for her, is warm, comfortable and what she likes. I have serious boot envy and I have loved that coat since I saw her in it at the UNICEF event! Love this look!
Kate looks beautiful and relaxed!!! I love her straight hair, but not too big on the bangs. It definitely makes her look younger. Wondering if we'll see the straight hair more often?
I LOVE her coat!!! I have mentioned before, but being from Texas, we just don't wear coats often and definitely have no need for a wardrobe of coats. I love them all and love that she recycled this one from her visit to Denmark. The red is so vibrant and beautiful!
Looking forward to seeing what Kate looks like on Tuesday! Congrats Sarah on winning the contest!!! Enjoy!!!
I forgot to ask in my last post, but wondering after watching the ITN video why only a couple people would bow or curtsey when meeting Will and Kate? I know they are a little more relaxed, but I thought it was proper protocol when greeting any Royal. Thoughts?
Times have moved on... Britain is no longer the place for bowing and scraping to over privileged royals who spend most of their time shopping!!
You are correct it is proper protocol to curtsey, I certainly would! They curtsey to each other as appropriate....
My personal view would be if you don't feel it's appropriate to curtsey and you don't support the royal family don't meet them.
some years ago, the palace stated that it is acceptable to just bow your head from the neck, and not bow from the waist or curtsy.
"Before meeting Her Majesty, many people ask how they should behave. The simple answer is that there are no obligatory codes of behaviour - just courtesy.
For men this is a neck bow (from the head only) whilst women do a small curtsy. Other people prefer simply to shake hands in the usual way."
I don't c why anyone should bow or curtesy. It's humiliating. No matter of which family we are born into or if we have titles or not we are all human. A handshake and polite acknowledgement is enough. I have great respect for the queen, the other members have a long way to go to get that respect. Having said that I still would not curtesy or bow to hm queen.
Having seen this I do now think the black coat photo on Kings Road from the other day due to the bangs, Kate does look different with them.
I can't help hoping she's pregnant as she looks so much fuller in the face and maybe it's me but that coat was belted so much tighter on the Denmark trip...
The fullness could be from the self belt on the coat. Self-belts tend not to belt as tightly as the wider, leather belt did. As for the fullness, maybe the palace PR machine started to be concerned at all the chatter about Kate's starved appearance this past spring, summer and fall, especially recalling Diana's bulimia issues as a new princess. Having an "athletic" figure is one thing, looking emaciated is quite another. And if she's trying to get pregnant, it would make sense she's put on a bit of weight to encourage and sustain a pregnancy.
Hi Penelope- I too think she look's like she is pregnant. I looked at a picture with the other belt in last Novemember and the Duchess looked real thin. Now the Duchess look's fuller in the face and in the tummy area. She is just glowing. And the belt she has on now is much looser.
Let's just hope it is true. Can't wait until we hear from either William & Catherine or from the Palace.
My sentiments too pauline and Penelope. A royal baby would b the icing on the cake!! Lets keep r fingers crossed. Such love is priceless.
My hair is identical in thickness and strand thickness. You may think it's a wonderful to have such hair, but there is very little styles that it can be cut into. My hair also has a natural wave which has to be blow dried out and layers cut into. Lovely to look at but oh so difficult to keep tamed. If I had the money to go to a salon every day I would, it's the only way to keep it groomed. My hair takes 1 1/2 to cut and 3/4 to style. You nedd herculian arms!lol
Over the last couple of years when I go to the hairdresser I see young girls having their hair blown in a "Kate". It seems to take ages.
Morning Jean, I too live in Lancashire beautiful county! To be honest I haven't encountered any customers in my salon wanting the 'Kate', mine has been in the same style varying length from shoulder to mid back length (where it is now). I have to be honest it spends most of its time tied up as it over takes the face. Kate is lucky to have height on her side, it always in my opinion looks better on a tall girl! Helena
Hi! I just want to offer you a big thumbs up for your great info you have got right here on this post.
I like the hair style very much and the coat was a great choice for the day. I also enjoy seeing how delighted people are to meet this couple. It's something we hadn't seen in YEARS.
I believe those are the earrings she wore in Malaysia with the white ball gown. I love the way she interchanges her accessories with all kinds of different outfits. She's a master at it!
Oh my!! How r kate and William coping with the flooding of their Anglesey garden?! They r in my thoughts. Janet. Boston USA
How awful for them. R they really in Anglesey with no housekeeper /servants to help. I hope they come through this. They were late for their engagement yesterday due to the weather. True troopers to carry on regardless of their own selves. Wonderful example.
Wow. Such an amazing couple, I hope their home is not ruined. Nature is a strong force. Love n hugs to those young folks
I enjoy watching the antics and the fashion of the royal family but ... really? Panic that Will and Kate have a flooded garden??? W/all due respect, there are thousands of folks in the U.S. East Coast, including New Jersey and New York, dealing with loss of loved ones, loss of homes and businesses and all their belongings. Flooded gardens rate, well, somewhere next to a hangnail. And as for being "troopers," I'm sure this won't get posted as nothing critical of the royals and/or Will and/or Kate seems to make it through the censor here, but they have multiple luxurious houses in which to stay and hordes of staff at Kensington to help them.
There was a great deal of sympathy for the victims of the US storms in this country, but I fail to see why we should not also have concern for people in our own country suffering from the effects of the weather. Flooding in the garden is too frequently the precursor to a flooded home and whether a Duke or a dustman, the loss of one's home is a tragedy, though I accept it might seem to be easier the wealthier one is---though there are some things money cannot replace.
No William & Catherine do not have servants in their home in Wales. I do believe Catherine might have a housekeeper. And I would think they might have to hire a few servants when the move into their apt. next year. But I bet it will be just enough to help but no more. They are very private couple. Catherine like' to do alot of the things herself, like cooking.
@Jemima- Why be so nasty regarding a remark William made regarding the garden being flooded. All he was doing was ewxplaining to someone why they were late for their engagement. And nobody here was comparing their flooded garden to what happened here in the States. Regular readers of this blog really do care about this beautiful couple and in their opinions feel sorry for the flooding of their garden and might not know what is going on here in the States. There are alot of international readers of this great blog. So let's not get nasty, OK?
I think that the different hairstyle of the Duchess is simply due to the fact that she blow-dried herself her hair (she was in Cardiff far away from her trusted Londoner hair salon). This is why her hair are like the pre-engagement days.
You could be right , I doubt her hairdresser could get through from London due to the bad weather conditions the uk has suffered this last week. My heart goes out to anyone that has been flooded btw, dreadful. Keep warm and safe. X
But just wanted to say that Kate looks wonderful although I prefer her big wavy hair... Also I'm not a fan of the clutch... But that coat is superb with the original belt!
She's glowing, and she does a perfect job interacting with other people: that's really the main issue.
Jemima - I agree with you 100% except for the so-called "censor" here; I think Charlotte has been wonderful at allowing some less-than-Kate-congratulatory posts through and that has really contributed to some great discussions.
Who are we to say whether ones suffering is worse than another. The uk's storms can't be compared in severity to hurricane sandy but they still have caused loss of life and suffering for those concerned. Compassion please fellow bloggers.
Bravo well said. Any suffering needs a kind response and heart. Loving Kate's hair, can't wait to c the engagements this week. On serious baby bump watch! Poor kate. Sorry we are all awaiting that wonderful news!
I think a lot of our disagreement stems from why we like to follow Kate. I bet there's a lot of people who like to follow her because she's glamorous and beautiful and living a fantasy life (at least in some ways) that we can only imagine. For me, I like to follow her because I like that she's down-to-earth, does things like planting her own potatoes, shops at stores that we do, etc. despite being royal. So for me it's not so much of I don't feel sorry for them that their garden flooded (been there done that, and it's not fun), but more that comments along the lines of "oh no!!! Kate and William don't even have servants!! They have a flooded garden AND they have to go on with life!! They're SO AMAZING because of that!!" are a little ?? to me, since I don't view them as being that different from us save for a twist of fate. But that's just my opinion :)
At any rate, I get that this is at its core a Kate-fan site, and I understand I might have overstepped that line. Sorry, I'll try to restrain myself in the future.
Not at all Sarah, constructive comments like yours are always most welcome. Thank you for sharing your thoughts.
I thought my comment was also constructive but you did not publish it. I did not want to offend others. I just rewrote you comment Charlotte changing one single word.
It shows that all men are equal but some are more equal than orhers. Firstly I thought I had said something bad, then it took me a few days to understand that it was not true. And now I am only dissapointed by the fact that someone could misunderstand my intention.
I did not stop following your blog as I still believe that when it comes to the content it is the best blog in the Internet.
New Engagement ALert!The Duchess of Cambridge is to visit her old prep school, St Andrew’s in Pangbourne, Berks, and open a new Astroturf pitch on Nov 30.
Kate will meet staff and pupils at her old school and the hockey team. She played hockey at St Andrew’s during her time there from 1986-1995 --- YEY!!! Another one!!!
I think as women we react to things maybe too quickly. If you don't then I sure wish I had your calm nature. Sandy was horrible so was the recent storms in Wales. Watched news footage (Wales) and saw the dearest older gentleman so thankful for the postal man that saved his life. Then their was those rushing about to put up what? pictures precious memories.
I'm sorry, but what exactly did you mean with "brain dead" visitors? That is a very rude thing to say, IMO.
Guys there's been an issue with comments going into spam and getting deleted. If you don't see yours, my sincerest apologies. The issue us resolved now.
I believe the gold bracelet you are talking about is one that Camilla gave the Duchess when she married Prince William. It has a "C" witha crown over the C. It is a very nice piece.
Thankyou, I thought originally it was during the day so when I logged on and saw there was no post wondered
Most of us (AKA all of us) can’t wait for Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge to open at Disneyland and Disney World. But the upcoming Millennium Falcon ride – which sounds freaking awesome, by the way – and the real-life Cantina may not be the only things competing for your attention. There may be a whole Indiana Jones Land you’ll want to spend your time at.
Rumors of a potential mini-land devoted to Harrison Ford’s adventurer are nothing new. We’ve heard for a while that Walt Disney World theme parks were looking to add new attractions as the franchise returns with Indiana Jones 5. But new details have made their way online, revealing that one ride may be major enough to complete with two big Galaxy’s Edge attractions.
As Disney theme park fans know, Indy currently has his own ride at Disneyland – one of my top three faves – but only an outdated stunt show at Disney World’s Disney Hollywood Studios. That stunt show, long rumored to be retired, may be torn down to make way for Indy’s own land. According to the latest rumors from Orlando Weekly and WDWThemeParks.com (h/t /Film), a potential new Indiana Jones land may take the place of the Indiana Jones Stunt Spectacular show and comprise 8 acres around it inside of Disney’s Hollywood Studios. The newspaper speculates the area may include where Star Tours currently is. OK great, so what will be inside the land?
There could be a nearby themed resort, a bar (like the one at Disney Springs), and restaurants. But the rides is what you really care about, and there are allegedly plans for “multiple attractions.” As earlier rumors suggested, there’s reportedly plans for an outdoor roller coaster, which Orland Weekly says could have dual sides similar to the Animal Kingdom’s Primeval Whirl and the Dumbo ride at Magic Kingdom. There’s also murmurs of a new E-ticket ride, which for those unfamiliar with Disney theme park lingo is the top tier of Disney rides; you know, the awesome stuff like Space Mountain that you wait in crazy long lines for. Here’s how Orlando Weekly describes it:
[…] The signature attraction for the Indy mini-land will be an indoor family attraction of some type that will use a previously realized ride system in a new way. Few details on the specifics of this ride have been shared by insiders, but it’s thought that this ride will compete with the two Star Wars rides as one of the park’s flagship attractions.
Again, these are all just rumors at the moment. But as exciting as it sounds, it won’t be happening that soon. The paper reports that Indiana Jones Land probably won’t open until after 2021 – that summer is when the fifth film is now expected to hit theaters – but sometime within the next decade (not long at all!). Until then, at least there’s Galaxy’s Edge to look forward to.
Sort by: Sort by Price: Lowest first Price: Highest first Product Name: A to Z Product Name: Z to A Em stock Reference: Lowest first Reference: Highest first
Using a slanted upright surface helps children develop fine motor muscles to hold pencils correctly. They need to grip it more tightly to use it than if the paper is flat on a table. Using easels with chalk, dry erase markers, crayons, or markers are all good ways to help develop these muscles.
It also helps to give them short stubby crayons so they need to grip them rather than let them lean on their hands.
The Andromeda A6 is a true analog synthesizer using two analog oscillators per voice, sub-oscillators, hard and soft sync and more! It features 16-voice polyphony. With the Andromeda, you’ll find a huge range of tonal possibilities: searing leads, warm pads, fat bass lines, extreme sound effects and more. And of course there are plenty of knobs (72) and buttons (144), even an assignable ribbon controller for addictive hands-on real-time control! The large high-resolution LCD display is excellent and shows you actual rather than relative values of parameters. Andromeda will integrate seamlessly into any studio with its total MIDI control and sync, individual voice outputs, stereo outputs and several audio inputs.
This ReFill gives you all you need when searching for atmospheric patches, bright or dark pads, inspiring soundscapes, rhythmical pads, fx & experimental sounds … Character, manual playability, liveliness and emotion without overdoing it are the main keywords. Find subtle and refined sound layering as well as tiny details when it comes to reverb and delays. Always find the right pad! Pads – the BIG box got this signature character which will give your project (ambient, film music, games etc.) a surprising bouquet of flavours that go wonderfully well together… The variety of sonic atmospheres makes this collection very complete so chances are big that you´ll find what you are looking for while browsing for the right pad. The Miscellaneous folder is for the rest of the sounds: Great basses, cool leads, a few drums and also ‘Mono Tones‘ and ‘Single Finger Chords‘. Pads – the BIG box lets you create more than only pads!
Radius is one of our Newest and Popular refills! “45 Multi-Layered Combinator Patches” Powered by Thor, Malstrom, and Subtractor Synthesizers! Inspired by Travis Scott, Rae Sremmurd, London on da track among others.
The Triton is Korg’s latest flagship workstation synthesizer for professional music production! It looks and sounds beautiful, and hiding under the hood is an extremely souped-up synth-engine ready to tear up your tracks! Literally! It is a digital 62-voice synthesizer with built-in sequencing and arpeggiators and an ultra-large touch-screen control panel at the center of its face-plate. 2002 saw the introduction of the Triton Studio. This model made the 16 MB paino ROM waveforms standard on all of its 61, 76 and 88 key models. Polyphony was essentially doubled to 120 voices (2 banks of 60 voices). The Triton Studio also added built-in S/PDIF input and output and could be fitted with an optional hard drive, CD-R/W drive or a “Digital Interface” board providing ADAT output and Word Clock.
With real analog oscillators, famed Curtis low-pass filters, and analog VCAs, the Prophet ’08 is capable of reproducing the familiar sounds of its legendary predecessors. But modern features like a greatly expanded modulation matrix and additional modulation sources—such as three envelopes and four LFOs per voice—take it way beyond vintage gear and make it a worthy and unique addition to the Prophet family tree. Features include a gated 16 x 4 step sequencer, arpeggiator, split or stacked key modes with separate stereo outputs per layer, and rack ears for optional rack-mounting. The Prophet ’08 module can also be used as an expander to increase the polyphony of another Prophet ’08—keyboard or module—to 16 voices.
If you make cutting edge RnB or contemporary electronic music then you need these samples in your life! Immaculately produced for Samplephonics by eclectic UK production duo The Code, Data 101 is an insight into a part of their productions. A piece of the puzzle! Featuring 35 sublime, 8 bar construction kits and a substantial package of one shots, this really is a sample goldmine. The pack’s infectious pop grooves and pitched processed vocals soar above the futuristic blend of drum machine loops, voluptuous basslines, warm analogue synths and multi-layered ethereal pads that this insanely talented production outfit are known for.
Piano Shots – One-shot piano chords & riffs: Over 440 one-shot wav samples of chopped piano chords & riffs designed for production of today’s Hip Hop, RnB and Pop music. 182 megabytes in size, “Piano Shots 1” includes 15 automatically loading software sampler presets + soundfonts. The sound-set is organized and split into three tempos and keys. Tempo 100BPM contains 123 wav samples in G key, tempo 110BPM contains 160 wav samples in E key and tempo 120BPM – 148 samples in A# key. Each tempo is provided with 5 main themes + tons of professional chord progressions & variations. All tempo groups can be mix-matched across presets.
By continuing to use our services, you agree to accept the installation of cookies so we can give you the best experience possible and tailor services and promotions to your interests.
Israel's Food Rescue Network Day and night, Table to Table rescues excess, unserved food that would otherwise be destroyed from catered events, bakeries, army bases, perishable food manufacturers, farmers and packinghouses. We then transport the food to non-profit organizations throughout Israel serving people in need.
BizController can create and work with several independent sets of data files. Each set can represent a different project, archived version or a different legal/business entity, depending on the User’s requirements. It is recommended that the user should create a test database and a production database for every project. By default BizController creates a separate set of data files in separate folders.
BizController automatically opens the most recently used database until the user creates or opens another database file set.
BizController will create several files in the project folder. Although it is technically possible to place these files on a network drive, it is recommended that these files be kept on a local disk drive for optimal performance.
Click Open Database … to open a previously created database file set. The currently used database will be closed.
a default language and language selection for your booking page, from the over 30 languages supported by Bookeo.
4. Tick the Allow customers to change language [3] checkbox if you want to allow language selection in your booking page.
When language change is enabled, customers can select a language from a scroll down menu at the top of your booking page and the Bookeo customer interface will be shown in the selected language.
If a translation has been set in the language selected, it will show, otherwise Bookeo will show the text in your default language.
Is Bookeo translated into languages other than English? How can I embed the Bookeo widget in a specific language
Define your staff (therapists, consultants...) and locations (rooms, studios) with description, picture, availability in Bookeo Appointments
You can define your resources - staff and locations - in your Bookeo Appointments account, with their profile, pictures, specific availability and much more!
If the name of your staff is not included in the list, select other from the scroll down menu and input the custom name.
3. In the Image section, you can click on the Upload button upload an image for this resource. The image will be shown to customers when they make a booking if you enable the feature to let them pick a resource. Click here for more information.
4. In the Confirmation message section, you can type a Confirmation Message that will be included in confirmation and reminder emails sent to customers when this specific resource is booked. Click here for more information.
You can also set up a general Confirmation message for all your services in Settings>Messages. Click here for more information.
Use opening hours of the business if the resource is available during the opening hours of the business, that you set up in Settings>Time Settings
6. In the Special available time slots section, you can define periods of time during which this resource is available, in addition to the general availability set up in the Available Hours section. This is useful, for example if the resource works occasionally on a specific day of the week.
7. In the Availability section, you can also set when a resource is available (main availability setting) or NOT available (annual leave, elective surgery...). From the scroll down menu, select if:
this resource is NOT available during the following period: the resource is not available during specific times, and set periods of non availability
this resource is available ONLY during the following period: the resource is available only during specific times, and set periods of availability
the service is available. The availability of each service is set up in the Availability tab of each service, in Settings>Services offered and additional options. Click here for more information
8. ​In the Nickname section, you can choose a nickname to be used internally to define this resource and to make calendar more compact. Only you and your account users will be able to see this nickname.
9. In the Enabled section, tick on the Enabled checkbox if this resource can be assigned by Bookeo to a booking made from users of your account or from your customers. For example, you should untick the checkbox if the resource no longer works for your business. Click here for more information.
To make the integrated application available for use, select the integrated application and click Enable.
To stop making the integrated application available for use, click Disable. The system asks for confirmation before disabling an integrated application. Click OK to disable the integrated application.
A disabled integrated application can be re-enabled when there is a need to use that integrated application in a project.
Yes, simply click on My Account and update your account type to Advertiser and Publisher. You will notice Campaigns and Widgets will appear at the top of the page once the account is updated.
Cookies improve the way our website works, by using this website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more information see our privacy policy. OK
Only one @charset rule can be used in an external style sheet, and it must be the first statement in the style file.
Yes! In the desktop version, you can export from the Transactions tool (1) by selecting the export option (2) and select "Export CSV" (3).
5. Once the page loads, there is a line that reads, “Current Tags” click the Plus Icon () to add an Tag
1. In the Tag Details dialog box, first enter the name of the Tag you would like to create. This could be something like a Curation, Creation, Syndication, Distribution, Analytics, etc. depending on your campaigns topic.
2. The next box is titled “Display Order”, this indicates how the order you would like the tags to appear. Inserting the number 1 would make this tag appear first in the list, 2 the second and so on.
7. On the upper right, under the dropdown for campaigns there is another dropdown that reads “Type To Add”. Click on the dropdown and select “Asset” then click the button to the right of the dropdown that reads “Add New Asset”
1. The page will refresh and ask you for information about the asset you are adding. At the very bottom of the screen, there is box with the tags you have created with a checkbox next to them.
2. Once you finish entering all of your asset information, and selecting the appropriate tag navigate back to the top of the page and on the top right save your asset record by clicking on the save icon ()
1. Once logged into TPNI’s Platform, go to the drop down menu in the top right corner of the site and select the client record you would like to work in.
4. The next page loads with a drop down menu titled, “Webcast Menu”, select the appropriate webcast you would like to edit the live producer page.
Slide Group Once you select the appropriate webcast, the page will ask which slide deck you would like to use. Select the appropriate pre-loaded slide deck from the drop down menu.
Live Embed The next section titled, “Live Embed” is the section where you paste the iframe of the video that is being embedded on the live player page.
Twitter Embed The section titled, “Twitter Embed” is where you insert the appropriate information pulled from the twitter API feed. If your webcast is using a specific hashtag on twitter, this is where the collected tweets will appear.
1. Once logged into TPNI’s Platform, goto the dropdown menu in the top right corner of the site and select the client record you have just created.
5. Once the page loads, there is a line that reads, “Current Asset Types” click the Plus Icon () to add an Asset Type
1. Enter the type of Asset you would like in the first box that reads, “Asset Type”. This could be something like a Video, Image, Article, Social Feed, etc.
2. In the next box, titled “Asset Name”, enter the name of the Asset. This could be the same as the Asset Type, or if you want it to be more specific you can give it a unique name
3. The next two boxes deal with Widget types. For more information on creating a Widget, please visit the help page titled “Creating A Widget”
1. The page will refresh and ask you for information about the asset you are adding. Midway down the screen, above the “Publish Date” there is a dropdown that reads “Asset Type” Click the dropdown menu and the new Asset type you just created will be an available option.
1. Once logged into TPNI’s Platform, goto the dropdown menu in the top right corner of the site and select the client record you would like to work in.
5. Once the page loads, there is a line that reads, “Current Social Feeds” click the Plus Icon () to add a Social Feed
1. Enter the name of the Social Feed you would like in the first box that reads, “Feed Name”. This could be something like “#ABC Twitter Feed”
3. In the last box, you will insert the link to the feed you would like. Once you have finalized the details of your new Social Feed, click the Save Icon ()
5. Once the page loads, there is a line that reads, “Category Types” click the Plus Icon () to add a Category Type
1. Enter the name of the Category you would like in the first box that reads, “Category Name”. This could be something like a Content, Enterprise, Inbound, Mobile, etc.
2. In the next box, titled “Category Tag”, enter the tag you would like associated with your Category Asset. The tag’s are used as metadata for each asset and helps you categorize and link similar assets
1. The page will refresh and ask you for information about the asset you are adding. At the bottom of the page there is a box with checkboxes and your newly created Cagtegory will be selectable.
Open in New Window (not Pop-Up): Select yes/no from the drop down if you want the link to open a new window when clicked.
2. You can enter information if you know specifically the Asset ID number, Asset Title, Publish Date, etc. By putting this information in their corresponding fields, it will make your search results more specific, but it may also make finding the Asset harder if you have any of the fields wrong.
Upload Image: Upload a new image by clicking the select button; choose your file and click the upload button.
An HTML control can be programmed in server code only if the control is defined as being a "Dynamic" control. The HTML control cannot be associated with an item of a data file.
The option "Allow the execution of scripts" is not checked by default for the control ("General" tab of control description).The option "Forbid the execution of Javascript scripts" is checked by default ("General" tab of control description).
Click the position where the control will be created in the window or page. The control appears in creation mode.
Click the position where the control will be created in the window. The control appears in creation mode.
Click the position where the control will be created in the page. The control appears in creation mode.
Click the position where the control will be created in the report. The control appears in creation mode.
allow the execution of scripts. This option is used to allow the execution of scripts called from the HTML code of control.
If this option is selected, in the HTML code of control, all you have to do is use WL.Execute to run a WLanguage procedure. The following syntax must be used:
forbid the execution of scripts. This option is used to allow (or forbid) the execution of scripts called from the HTML code of control.
in a WINDEV application, Internet Explorer version 4 or later (version 11 recommended) must be installed on the development computer and on the deployment computer. The HTML control of WINDEV is in Internet Explorer 7 mode.
in an application in simulator mode, Internet Explorer 4 or later (version 11 recommended) must be installed on the development computer.
in an iOS 9.0 application (and later), you must respect the security options. By default, the HTML control can only access the sites that use an HTTPS connection complying with the Apple recommendations. To access other sites (HTTP for example), you must either provide the list of corresponding domains, or disable the security for all the domains. These operations are performed in the wizard for creating an iOS application. See Generating an iOS application for more details.
Enable the device acceleration on the window. To do so, you must edit the manifest of the application.
Add an attribute to this node while specifying "android:hardwareAccelerated" as name and "true" as value.
If an HTML control (or an OAuth2 authentication) and a ".Net"assembly are used in the same project, an incompatibility may occur between the .NET layers of Microsoft and the ActiveX.
An API can be used to manage this cohabitation. To do so, the following code line must be used in the initialization code of the project or in the initialization code of classes or global procedure if the ".Net" object is initialized in the class or in the set of procedures:
By default, the dimensions of HTML control are defined in the editor. If the HTML content of control is bigger, the content is truncated.
To modify this operating mode, check "Variable width" and "Variable height" ("Details" tab of the description window). In this case, the dimensions of the HTML control will adapt to the content of the control and the controls located beside or below the HTML control it will be moved accordingly.
In the description window of control, you have the ability to type a text in the "General" tab of control. This text will be automatically converted to HTML.
I like the attendance list feature and especially the ability to filter the information shown there, but I would like to be able to add the attendance list (or link to the list) from a registration-independent ...
I have been trying your plugin in the test site, and one thing that I would like to have is custom registration ids. Right now, for each registration, a random alphanumeric string gets assigned as the registrat...
Hi there, I have my event set up to have 2 payments, Mail in check, and paypal. As it stands, the check is above the paypal in payment options. How do I move paypal up? http://www.lncofsocal.com/lnceven...
It would be wonderful to have the option to view additional columns in the list of events in Event Planner, such as "Date" and "Time." This would allow the user to quickly differentiate betw...
It would be very helpful to be able to view a list of events on the backend and see how many attendees have registered for each event. All of the events I'm working with have a class size limit. The Ev...
My client runs a dance school with the same class schedule for 9 months of the year. Regardless of which month the user views, the schedule for the week remains the same (example: Mondays - tap @ 9 am, jazz @ 1...
Hi Abel, Am wondering if Invoice could be added as one of the options on Payment Profiles similar to the Check option. Thank you.
Hi Abel, Do you think it's could be possible to have the client interface in French? Like the forms, first name, last names and so on? Great app so far! Thanks for creating it! :) Regards! Dany
Could a shortcode be created that displays all events in a list format ... something like this ... Event Title, Date and Location? Here is a visual example - Name of Event #1 (this title is a link) Date L...
Greetings, I would like to suggest an option to allow for a checkbox selection for registration levels. Many conventions allow for only one registration to be purchased per transaction. So having a &quo...
Re: [802.3_10SPE] Presentations uploaded for 802.3cg 10SPE TF & 10BPE SG Ad Hoc – reminder for Wednesday, February 14, 2018 7:00 AM-9:00 AM PT
Subject: Re: [802.3_10SPE] Presentations uploaded for 802.3cg 10SPE TF & 10BPE SG Ad Hoc – reminder for Wednesday, February 14, 2018 7:00 AM-9:00 AM PT
Thread-topic: Presentations uploaded for 802.3cg 10SPE TF & 10BPE SG Ad Hoc – reminder for Wednesday, February 14, 2018 7:00 AM-9:00 AM PT
Subject: RE: Presentations uploaded for 802.3cg 10SPE TF & 10BPE SG Ad Hoc – reminder for Wednesday, February 14, 2018 7:00 AM-9:00 AM PT
Subject: Presentations uploaded for 802.3cg 10SPE TF & 10BPE SG Ad Hoc – reminder for Wednesday, February 14, 2018 7:00 AM-9:00 AM PT
IMPORTANT NOTICE: Please note that this WebEx service allows audio and other information sent during the session to be recorded, which may be discoverable in a legal matter. By joining this session, you automatically consent to such recordings. If you do not consent to being recorded, discuss your concerns with the host or do not join the session.
[802.3_10SPE] Presentations uploaded for 802.3cg 10SPE TF & 10BPE SG Ad Hoc – reminder for Wednesday, February 14, 2018 7:00 AM-9:00 AM PT
Prev by Date: [802.3_10SPE] FW: [802SEC] Fwd: 802-0318-Standard Registration and Cancellation Deadline-February 23
Next by Date: Re: [802.3_10SPE] Presentations uploaded for 802.3cg 10SPE TF & 10BPE SG Ad Hoc – reminder for Wednesday, February 14, 2018 7:00 AM-9:00 AM PT
Previous by thread: Re: [802.3_10SPE] Presentations uploaded for 802.3cg 10SPE TF & 10BPE SG Ad Hoc – reminder for Wednesday, February 14, 2018 7:00 AM-9:00 AM PT
Next by thread: [802.3_10SPE] FW: [802SEC] Fwd: 802-0318-Standard Registration and Cancellation Deadline-February 23
Who else is using Sociodrama to prompt corporate groups to take	action for global justice? - we could meet in Hong Kong,	Switzerland or the UK in November 2016. Adam Blatner
Who else is using Sociodrama to prompt corporate groups to take	action for global justice? - we could meet in Hong Kong,	Switzerland or the UK in November 2016. Buds
Who else is using Sociodrama to prompt corporate groups to take	action for global justice? - we could meet in Hong Kong,	Switzerland or the UK in November 2016. Eric Park
Putting Spirituality into Action! March 23 -26, 2017 Souldrama o the Moreno Stage connie at souldrama.com
Own Cash is perfect for individuals who prefer to have a lot of steerage and feed-back on their own investments and personal shares. You’ll have committed human financial advisors who may help you make investments sensibly.
So that you are happily mining Doge, now what? You'll be able to check out both equally your specific and pool's progress through the pool's Net interface.
So that you can send Dogecoins, transactions has to be included in a block. Dogecoin miners then confirm these transactions through proof of work.
There are numerous ways to earn free bitcoin. The most popular method is definitely the faucet, which may give persons a couple of Satoshis. Other methods include things like applications that fork out buyers to try and do some things like walking or actively playing a activity, but none of these shell out and also Byteball does. But...
Not Having to pay Cloud Mining Expert services are BTC or ETH cloud mining expert services, that have suddenly stopped paying with none warning. Those people will be the typically identified as “scammers” considering the fact that They only shut down the website and operate With all the crypto-coins with the investors.
Kim assumed the improved winds slowed down the greens, producing putts more difficult on the ultimate 9 holes. "But I attempted my most effective plus the putts did not fall," Kim mentioned. "It is what it really is."
Just check out it: include a Bitcoin tackle to some written content that Many others might like. Even if you Believe no one will treatment ample to donate, there’s no hurt in striving — you never know.
Bitcoin mining software monitors this input and output of one's miner although also exhibiting stats such as the speed of your miner, hashrate, enthusiast pace as well as the temperature.
This article means that your affiliate income must keep increasing when you straight from the source build up far more clients, and it will create a everlasting stream of passive earnings As long as the business enterprise doesn’t shut down.
Bitcoin surveys Then again remain relatively new to the industry, but they’re mainly much like the normal ones — the sole change remaining that free Bitcoin is offered out as an incentive in lieu of Coupon codes.
Additionally, it comes along with supported FPGA boards which incorporate a USB interface utilized for communication and programming.
On the list of major benefits with cryptocurrencies is that the forex supply is often programmed and dispersed at selected intervals. This differs from gold, silver and also other commodities, which frequently see mining firms mine at quicker premiums if value raises.
Customer support: Ally Devote gives customer care the two for technological troubles and If you have questions on buying and selling. It's brokers readily available to assist with any within your investment questions.
Which means that You simply need a deal with a person who provides Cloud Mining Companies and also a bitcoin wallet (have a look at or bitcoin wallet guideline!).
If there is conflict and confusion in your life today and you lack peace, chances are you are looking at the relationship, situation, or problem through the eyes of the world. Doing so brings about impatience, disorder, and anxiety, which can cause us to lash out unlovingly at others.
But when you shift your focus through God’s lens, His peace begins to reign in your heart. God is able to help you respond to others in love, patience, and forgiveness; thus, maintaining peace with those around you. It’s your choice – you can live in confusion or chaos, or you can live a life marked by peace.
Peace I leave with you, My peace I give to you; not as the world gives do I give to you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
These things I have spoken to you, that in Me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation; but be of good cheer, I have overcome the world.
Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God; and the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
All orders are picked and processed between 1 – 2 business days. All orders ship from Florida. Upon your orders shipment you will be emailed a tracking number to view its transit, via UPS Ground (1-5 days transit) or USPS Priority Air (1-3 days transit). You may also view the tracking information under 'my account' if you have created one. Orders will only ship within the United States and Puerto Rico. Order with value over $250 will have signature required.
As a 5 star rated company, we offer 100% Hassle Free Returns on all orders. Orders may be returned up to 21 days from the ship date for a full refund minus shipping and gift-wrap charges (if selected). If you would like to return a product from your order simply send the unopened product back to the address below in its original sealed packaging. You can expect a timely refund upon the return of the product. If shipping was free for your order it will be deducted from the credit we apply to your refund. Please note, we do not accept returns for testers (if purchased). There may also be a restocking fee of up to 30%..
Shipping cost is non-refundable for undelivered, unclaimed, returned and refused packages, unless the error was on our part.
Filthy Fragrance was created to provide the public customer with an opportunity to access all top brand fragrances at heavy discounts. By eliminating overhead costs related to physical stores and intermediate distributors we are able to offer discounts of up to 80%.
In addition, we are fully committed to continually improving relations with our customers. We openly welcome communication in an effort to alleviate potential difficulties. We are 5 Star Rated by our customers and Business Verified. Additionally we have Trust Guard to monitor and secure all customer information.
Lastly, we stand by our 100% money back guarantee if you are unsatisfied. Our hassle free return policy is set at the industry standard (please refer to delivery and returns for specifics and instructions).
We sincerely thank you for visiting our site and taking us into consideration. We look forward to being the company that makes you smell good when you really need it!
Crush by Rihanna comes out in the summer of 2016. The new fragrance is Rihanna's eighth, and judging by the design of the bottle, it belongs to the same collection as RiRi by Rihanna from 2015. Crush is announced as a mysterious, sexy and provocative scent that breaks down barriers and is setting new rules; strong, empowering, unapologetic and confident.
The composition is said to be floriental. Fresh notes of bergamot, juicy mandarin and bright pink pepper create the opening and lead to the floral - fruity heart. Pink rose blends with spicy ylang-ylang, complemented by sweet and sour red berries aroma. The base ends with woody notes of sexy patchouli, creamy musk and cedar. The perfume was developed by Natasha Cote.
The bottle was designed by Rihanna herself; the form is identical to the RiRi edition, colored in shades of gold and decorated with pink details. It is available from the beginning of August 2016 as a 30 and 100 ml Eau de Parfum, along with a 10 ml rollerball.
Sign up to receive our monthly email and get 10% off your first purchase with free shipping (over $59) ;)
Membership costs are pro-rata on a quarterly basis. Single $30.00, July-September Single $22.50, October-December Single $15.00, January-March Single $7.50, April-June Retired $25.00, July-September Retired $18.75, October-December Retired $12.50, January-March Retired $6.25, April-June Full time student/ Unemployed $20.00, July-September Full time student/ Unemployed $15.00, October-December Full time student/ Unemployed $10.00, January-March Full time student/ Unemployed $5.00, April-June
A subscription to Australian Humanist, published by the Council of Australian Humanist Societies, is optional. Yes, $12.00
Total * Please confirm your total payment, based on subscription period and if you wish to have the magazine.
If you would like to make a payment with Paypal, please select (again) the membership category and click on “Buy Now”.
HSQ general meeting Brisbane Square Library Sun 25th Nov 10am-12pm Community Room (Gnd floor) 11 November, 2018
Bear in mind the need for you to know the correct label of each and every driver you're interested in downloading is completely redundant and if you are looking at employing an automatic scanner which performs this all for you and needs zero assistance or configuration on your part. In the event that you try and remedy a specific crisis which originates from the flawed TOSHIBA MK5055GSX ATA Device understand that different drivers might have become damaged because of the damaged code, and as a consequence need replacing on top of that. Protecting an extensive group of upgraded drivers on your pc is nearly impossible, in case you aim to manually locate and acquire each individual driver that demands updating. Almost all driver scanners present you with a truly huge selection of revised drivers, and every one of them does the driver scan quickly and reliably, searching the impacted drivers and grabbing the up graded variants in seconds.
So that you can get the particular driver brand, in case you need to manually handle the installation, it's best informed to be sure data derived out of the windows device manager, on-line forums not to mention in the vendor's web site.
After the launch of microsoft windows 7 utilizing a driver scanner to always keep your drivers current, is becoming normal approach. Once TOSHIBA MK5055GSX ATA Device might be malfunctioning, a number of issues are destined to be met, making your personal laptop or computer unusable, or partly operating at best. Dealing with an computer update is the most typical situation where a driver scanner gets to be pretty much crucial, given it serves to upgrade the complete archive of drivers and make them available to the latest windows version.
Most devices are connected with other segments, drivers and devices and are therefore prone to corruption brought about through any individual out-of-date driver they contact.
I don't want to make use of the scanner up to the point I'm certain I can't do it by myself. The windows wizard is limited. Can there be an extra alternative for TOSHIBA MK5055GSX ATA Device upgrade?
would seem it is actually the same as the TOSHIBA MK5055GSX ATA Device complications. I'm presently struggling with (blank).
I attempted getting this done by myself but didn't discover TOSHIBA MK5055GSX ATA Device, so that i chose to use the scanner and this ended up being a wonderful idea. Eliminate driver headaches.
When you make an effort to work out a specific situation which derives from the flawed HP deskjet 5100 recognize that other drivers might have also been compromised by your damaged code, and as a consequence demand replacing on top of that. Just remember, a personal computer's drivers execute a significant project in preserving the solid interconnection concerning all your personal pc hardware and the ui.
Although HP deskjet 5100 could be vital for the personal computer's balanced operation, it is by no means the only driver your pc is dependent on.
Occasionally, a bad HP deskjet 5100 could even trigger unpredictable computer shut downs, that might impair your projects, and end in your being unable to regain unsaved information.
Instead of trying to discover every substandard driver by hand. you could consider employing a driver scanner to do it on auto-pilot, specifically when you're upgrading to a superior, more modernized windows variation. Its critical to be aware that out of date drivers influence not only the computer system hardware they are accountable for, but also other types of components plus the working of your systems and os. High speed and effectiveness and pinpoint perfection in managing an up-to-date driver database on your personal machine are components available at pretty much all ordinary driver scanners available on the web, whatever the brand.
Protecting a total set of upgraded drivers on your machine is nearly impossible, should you try to manually get and install every driver that needs upgrading. A particular damaging outcome of a affected HP deskjet 5100 would be a decreased internet interconnection, nevertheless the bad news tend not to end at that. Procuring the particular details of your respective driver, if you choose to set up by hand, is not as basic as it sounds, because depending on the windows device manager can prove to be very irritating. In case your personal home pc has started to display the side effects of a substandard driver ( HP deskjet 5100 is but one example of an necessary driver which might be at the bottom of this), you must take quick measures to resolve the instance.
All driver scanners manage the downloads effortlessly without seeking your assistance and without asking you to enter the driver information. By using a driver scanner to automatically obtain and substitute all the malfunctioning drivers at routine intervals is actually normal process for pc system users.
I wasn't able to install straight off although I un-installed it on safe modeâ€¦ Now i'm operating win xp. Can I install HP deskjet 5100 by myself in anyway?
That's correct, those driver hardships always end up driving me mad. I am hesitating whether to employ that scanner, still cannot get it done by myself. Reckon So i'm stuck...
Seen HP deskjet 5100 over the driver area, then dwl and extracted to floppy. Setup set up then was called to select device - which device does it have to be?
picking out the most appropriate HP deskjet 5100 on the internet seems extremely hard I managed to discover just the installation info record (-. for that driver, in a couple of web pages. Are you able to direct me to a tried and tested driver so i could do the installation myself? I wish to work with the scanner as a last choice only.
Cancel Home Latest News Most Popular New Releases User Favorites Editor's Picks Top Freeware Categories Browsers Business Communications Digital Photo Entertainment Games Internet MP3 & Audio Productivity Screensavers & Wallpapers Security Utilities Video Help & Settings Link to CNET site Submit Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy MMXII CBS Interactive Inc. Thank You for Submitting a Reply, ! Note that your submission may not appear immediately on our site. Bottom Line Free YouTube Download is a handy basic program for downloading all the videos you'd like. All Rights Reserved Overview Review Specs Home Windows Software Internet Software Download Managers Free YouTube Download Free YouTube Download Free Download Now Secure Download Download Editors' Rating: Editors' Rating: 4 Excellent Average User Rating: 3.9 0 out of 189 votes out of 0 votes Quick Specs Version: 4.1.6.328 Total Downloads: 5,706,653 Date Added: Apr. The ability to download multiple videos at once is a nice plus, as is the Pause feature, and even though the Help file leaves something to be desired, the app is straightforward enough that most people will be able to use it without a problem. you never know if it works SummaryDont waste time in installing. Just make sure to uncheck suggested apps during the installation. Articles Youtube downloaders How to: cut YouTube videos with YouTube Downloader by James Thornton YouTube Video Downloader offers a fast and simple way to download online video to your computer. Home Info Features Contact EnglishEspaolPortugus . None.
CDD machine detergent is a high strength alkaline detergent specially formulated for use in commercial dishwashers and glass washers.
We made our remote support easy. Click the link below and then the run button twice, your support technician will then provide you with the access code to enable us to remotely work on your computer system.
It can be easy, with all the threats covered in the news, to assume that the biggest dangers to your business all come from the outside. This is a dangerous mistake, as there are plenty of vulnerabilities that originate from within your org...
This hospital offers Bupa customers the , which includes your surgery, mono-focal lenses and appointments before and after surgery.
The information contained on Finder is submitted by consultants, therapists and facilities, and is declared by these third parties to be correct and compliant with the standards and codes of conduct specified by their relevant regulatory body. Bupa cannot guarantee the accuracy of all of the information provided.
The quality of water may meet local standards, but it might not meet our own. Ordinary tap water can contain dissolved solids and metal, including lead and iron. It might contain nitrates, chlorine and mineral salts. Our tap water could also contain other undesirable substances such as sulfates, mercury, asbestos and arsenic.
Fortunately, one can get cleaner, clearer drinking water with Shubham drinking water purification system, which produces water ideal for:
Shubham‘s drinking water filtration system is more convenient and less costly than buying bottled water. Best of all, it pays for itself over time and makes a difference you will notice every day.
These plants are one of our most popular utility plants that are known for its high efficiency, leak poof and less maintenance. We also provide installation& operation training along with onsite support for the plant to our clients.
6] Chlorination, UV and Ozonation provide effective treatment for bacteria and virus. These systems can be designed and supplied on demand.
Shubham Inc. is the leading water and waste water management company providing the most comprehensive water and waste water treatment systems and services for industrial, institutional and municipal customers. We are a reputed manufacturer, exporter, importer, supplier and trader of an exhaustive range of Water and Waste Water Treatment Products and Services such as Filtration Systems, Water Softening Systems, Sewage Treatment Plant, Water Treatment Plant, WTP, Well Water Treatment, River Water Treatment Plants industrial RO Plant , etc.
shubham inc use the best-in-class technology and cutting-edge tools to foster high-quality, sustainable, community-level water supply sewage – Effluent treatment plant and industrial ro plant projects in gujarat, india across the ahmedabad, surat, rajkot and baroda.
shubham inc is a leading manufacturer of effluent Treatment Plants for the industrial, Government and Municipal . With a decade old experience, shubham inc has successfully executed over 1000 installations in industries, Government, hotels, and Municipal becoming a preferred supplier of Sewage Treatment Plants and Zero Liquid Discharge Plant and Effluent Treatment Plant.
SHUBHAM INC. Manufacturer,exporter,trader,supplier of all type of sewage treatment plants, effluent treatment plants, India best quality sewage treatment plants manufacturers from Ahmedabad, send requirement detail of sewage treatment plants, effluent treatment plants etc.
Boiler scale is caused by the formation of insoluble salts of calcium and magnesium at high temperature. These form a rock-like coating on the boiler tubes which severely reduces the heat transfer.
This is highly undesirable, not only because it greatly reduces the efficiency of the boiler, but also causes the boiler tubes to overheat, so that in an extreme situation they can rupture with very hazardous consequences.
Scale formation is prevented by firstly removing as much hardness from the make-up water as possible (normally with a boiler water softener), and then secondly by dosing boiler water chemicals such as alkalinity builders, phosphate treatments and polymer sludge conditioners. These boiler treatment chemicals ensure that any hardness slippage is converted into a mobile sludge which can be removed by steam boiler blowdown and so doesn’t form boiler scale.
For applications of Boilers, we at Shubham Provides the most comprehensive, cost-effective and reliable systems
SHUBHAM INC use the best-in-class technology and cutting-edge tools to foster high-quality, sustainable, community-level water supply Sewage Treatment Plant and Effluent Treatment Plants projects in Gujarat, India across the ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot and Baroda.
Shubham Inc is the leading water and waste water management company providing the most comprehensive water and waste water treatment systems and services for industrial, institutional and municipal customers. We are a reputed manufacturer, exporter, importer, supplier and trader of an exhaustive range of Water and Waste Water Treatment Products and Services such as Filtration Systems, Water Softening Systems, Sewage Treatment Plant, Water Treatment Plant, WTP, Well Water Treatment, River Water Treatment Plants industrial RO Plant , etc.
shubham inc use the best-in-class technology and cutting-edge tools to foster high-quality, sustainable, community-level water supply sewage – Effluent treatment plant and industrial RO plant projects in Gujarat, India across the Ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot and Baroda.
shubham inc is a leading manufacturer of Sewage Treatment Plants for the industrial, Government and Municipal . With a decade old experience, shubham inc has successfully executed over 1000 installations in industries, Government, hotels, and Municipal becoming a preferred supplier of Sewage Treatment Plants and Zero Liquid Discharge Plant and Effluent Treatment Plant.
We, at Shubham, Offer a wide array of water and waste water treatment products and services such as filtration systems, RO Systems, water softening systems, sewage treatment plants and more….
Posted in wastewater TreatmentTagged Chemical Industries, Effluent Treatment Plant, Effluent Treatment Plants, Gujarat, India, Pharmacy Industries, sewage treatment plant, Textile Industries, Water Softening Systems, Water Treatment PlantLeave a comment
The complete treatment solution works at many levels and comprises of different physical, chemical, biological and membrane processes. For reducing the BOD, COD, color, nitrogen and toxic level of the effluent, SHUBHAM is offering a various solutions from ASP (activated sludge process) to advance Membrane technologies as per treated water uses.
Shubham Offers Customized systems to suit the extensive variety of effluents and to maintain efficiency are provided to industries.
We provide innovative and economical systems for waste withexpertise is advantageously employed for the technical and economic optimization of every subsequent facility.
SHUBHAM INC use the best-in-class technology and cutting-edge tools to foster high-quality, sustainable, community-level water supply sewage treatment plant and Effluent Treatment Plant in India across the ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot and Baroda.
Posted in wastewater TreatmentTagged ahmedabad, Baroda, Chemical Industries, Edible Oil Refineries, Effluent Treatment Plant, Electroplating Industries, Industrial wastewater, Pharmacy Industries, Rajkot, sewage treatment plant, Surat, Textile IndustriesLeave a comment
Efuturo é uma Rede Social Educativa e Conhecimentos, Jogos Educativos, Games Online, Ensino, Aprendizado Colaborativo, Espaço Literário e Interação online. - Página Principal 69 LOUCOS POR MATEMÁTICA
School of Public Health, And Partners Organize First Ever “Ghana Research Integrity Development (GRID) Conference” At University of Ghana .
Archives Select Month September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011
Centrally located in the heart of the city in the Business area of Pune, Hotel Madhav International boasts intimate luxury with its 45 air-conditioned rooms customized to your needs right from – standard AC, Deluxe AC, Lilliput rooms to Presidential Suite. Our cleanliness yet elegant rooms with a staff to take your care personally with pleasantly surprise you with a Smile on your face.
Our hotel's friendly and warm courteous staff makes you feel at home. Hotel Madhav International is the ideal and the most convenient location for your stay in Pune and our motto is "We Care".
We are equipped with an internal Multi-cuisine restaurant Rice N Roti to cater to your taste buds instantly as you desire.
Whether it's a morning tea in bed or barbeque and dessert, our in-room dining offers the ultimate indulgence.
Supports USB (OHCI/UHCI) and High Speed USB (EHCI) external Mass Storage devices such as hard disk drives, CD/DVD-ROM, flash disks and flash cards attached via card-readers.
Important notes: Hotplug is not supported. Attach your device BEFORE you power on the computer. Also, refrain from use of any intermediate hub devices while using this driver.
I am a nurse and have had more conversations with patients about bowel movements than I care to think about! It does not bother me in the least so I will try to answer this for you. Your dietary change is responsible for the change in the pattern and consistency of your bowel movement. As long as there is some solid matter and not all liquid coming out with a bowel movement then all is okay. If the bowel movement is primarily liquid with flecks of solid material then there may be cause for concern, especially if it associated with pain. Are you eating any whole grains in your diet? Have you included legumes? These will add a bit more bulk. You can take beano or simethicone (gas tablets) or charcoal caps to help with the gas. All of these products are benign and simply absorb the gas in the bowel. Gas is common when you add more vegetables to your diet. Gas is normal but can be embarrassing but you can control it with the above products. Hope this helps.
I had the same problem (gas) until I started combining my food properly. Something that you need to be aware of (since you eat meat) is that meat requires a more acidic environment to digest, whereas carbs need a more alkaline environment. If you eat the two together you confuse you stomach a little - hence the gas.
Another bummer is that meat takes 2-4 hours to digest and fruit and veggies only takes about 20 minutes. This means that the plant material gets trapped with the meat and this can cause gas too.
I've been having the same sort of problem since I made some rather intense change in my diet. Eliminating wheat and dairy products. I am consuming a large amount of greens and fiber rich veggies, and am a vegetarian. If this is because of a sudden shift in diet, how long will it last?
There are numerous health benefits of being a vegetarian, here you can find information and articles about both vegan and vegetarian benefitsâ¦.
My bowel movements since going vegan (with occasional dairy--mostly butter) have been loose, frequent and yellow-brown. Am starting to worry. Been about a month. Is this normal?
I've just gone mostly vegan too 3 months ago/ no dairy -meat or eggs after a complete hysterectomy. I do eat a little yogurt and white fish once or twice a week. Have noticed similar changes in my bowels also. I am glad to know that becoming a vegan is the only reason and not a big concern. I talked to my surgeon's nurse and she suggested adding more fiber. I've also cut back on wheat which doesn't help. Fiber therapy such as psyllium supposed to be good and will improve bowel movements. Will add it to my tea in the morning... Good luck...
I've been doing a green vegetable juice fast for the last 30 days. I've rarely had a bowel movement. At first it was normal then once it seemed as it should (soft and long) then I got major constipation for 2 weeks. Dr recommended continuing but recommended mirilax (spell?) and tons of water. I did so and drink about a gallon a day, It worked after 4 days. Now I'm back to where I was before, no movement. But still drinking the juice and water. I'm so confused.
Juice typically is: Blended (not juiced) Spinach, baby kale, carrots, apple, orange, pomegranate, blueberries, and pineapple or watermelon. Drink about 2 cups every 3 hrs.
最初に言っておきますが「聞き流すだけとか、1日5分の勉強でOK!」など、ほとんど努力なしで話せるようになるほど英会話は甘くありません！しかし、効率のいい勉強法と、ちょっとしたコツで英会話というのは話せるようになるのです。その方法とは？
My dear friend's today i would like to inform you about he Same day tour in Agra. Agra, an old heritage city on the banks of the river yamuna, finds mention in the epic Mahabharata as Agraban. Ptolemy, the famous 2nd century geographer, marked it as agra on the world map. It is generally accepted that sultan Sikandar Lodhi,the ruler of DelhiSultanate founded it in the year 1504 A.D. but he golden age of the city began with Mughal rulers after 1526 A.D.It was then known as Akbrabad and remained the capital of the Mughal empire under Emperor Akbar, Jahangir and Shah Jahan . Agra's significance as a political centre ended with the transfer of the capital to Delhi by emperor Shah Jahan , but its architectural wealth has secured it's place on the International map.
Tajmahal was built by the grief stricken Emperor Shahjahan as a memorial to his beloved wife Arjumand Banu Begum entitled as Mumtaz Mahal. This world renowned wonder sits pretty on the northen side of a green paradise.It looks same from the all side .Tajmahal , has been awarded the world heritage side in 1986 by the UNESCO. Construction of this enchanting mausoleum ,on the bank of river Yamuna started in 1631A.D.and it took about 22years to complete the whole premises with help of an estimated 20000 workers.
The great Mughal Emperor, Akbar built the most part of this world heritage monument in red sand stone. In eight years(1565-1573A.D.) the fort was ready , yet successive monarchs could not resist adding their insignia in the form of personalized palaces and mosque like moti Maszid, Diwan -E-Aam , Diwan-E-Khas, Jahangir's palace, Khas mahal , sheesh mahal and Musamman Burz(where Shahajahan was held captive )etc
Sikandra is the mausoleum of the Mughal Emperor Akbar. It represents his philosphy and secular outlook, combining the best of Hindu and Muslim architectures in a superlative fusion . It was completed in 1613A.D. , and is one of the well preserved monuments.
Fathepur Sikri, a world heritage site, built by the mughal Emperor Akbar who shifted his residence and court from Agra to Sikri, for a period of 13 years, from 1572-1585 A.D.to honour the Sufi saint Salim Chistee,who resided in a cavern on th eridge, Akbar reserved him very much as the saint had blessed him with a son named Salim in 1569A.D. The beautiful marble tomb of Sheikh Salim Chistee attracts thousand of people who seeks blessings of the revered saint.
there are so many hotel in agra is one of the most important centres for handicraft, made of marble inlay work. The Mughals were great patrons of artand craft. Empress Noorjahan took personal interest and was an accomplished artist herself in Zari emroidery work. Agra's major handicraft products besides inlay work are leatheware , brassware, carpets , jewwlery and embroiderywork.. Agra is also well known for its sweet Petha ,Gazak, and Dalmoth . The main shoping area of the city are Sadar Bazar, Fatehabad Road ,Munro road, Raja ki Mandi, Sanjay place& near Tajmahal complex &shilphaat.
Labels: Agra Accommodation, Agra Discount Hotels, Agra Hotel, Agra Hotel Deals, Agra Hotel Discount, Agra Hotel India, Hotel in Agra, Hotels In Agra
Greetings From Hotel Panna Paradise, Agra, strategically located in the heart of the city. It is close to Tajmahal and other world heritage sites. Hotel Panna Paradise is established for the greatest satisfaction for our valuable guests, as we believe in traditional concept of India, "Atithi Devo Bhavh".
These tips and reports will help you step-by-step through the buying or selling process. Select all the reports you would like and I will email them to you instantly!
It’s called Monkey this week because my family went without me to Pizza Putt and won a stuffed monkey. Then later my two younger brothers ripped the monkey’s arms off, and my younger sister stuck in egg beaters as arms. It was awesome. I even took pictures on my mom’s digital camera, but she erased them! Then, my mom ripped a hole in the monkey’s face and stuck its tail through it. It was rad.
So that’s what happened to me this week. Um, episode 24 is about the continuation of Alicia and Jenny’s day – next week they go to the fair! I think this is where a lot of the storyline really starts developing, so I had a lot of fun with it. That’s also why I called a couple of the episodes “Introductions” and “And So It Begins.” Then we get another character back next week – guess who it is! You’ll have to wait until next week to find out. Let’s see…what else…I guess you kind of find out that Jenny has a lot of money. That’s kind of why she always dresses up all the time, and also she loves looking like a girl.
I’m still working on the new updated site. It’s starting to look really good, so it’ll be something to look forward to. I’m changing a few things – 1) The links and references page will become just the links page, and it’ll be cleaned up a lot, and I’ll have links to all of my favorite web comics and sites as well. 2) The menu bar will be on the side, and I’m making it look really nifty. 3) My commentary probably won’t be updated every week. Instead, I’ll update whenever I can, so it might be any day of the week. 4) Archives will have the second season added to it, since the next season starts in the middle of December. 5) The character page is a LOT more extensive. Also, they each have their own page when you click on a character. I soon will be adding banners of my comic so it can be used as a link on someone else’s page!
©2005-2018 Juvenile Diversion | Powered by WordPress with ComicPress | Subscribe: RSS | Back to Top ↑
Maybe becoming affluent adequate to have your money in a hedge fund is truly among the downsides to getting rich.
Getting access to top hedge supervisors certainly couldn't work nicely for regular folks who had the chance to spend alongside the one percent by buying shares within the soon-to-be-closed Whitebox Tactical Opportunities Fund, handled by Whitebox Advisors LLC.
People lost profit the investment in 2014 as the S&P 500 returned two fold digits, and a year ago would also provide already been painful.
It would’ve taken only a little out-of-the-box reasoning to see buying this fund as advisable to begin with because five minutes utilizing the prospectus is perhaps all it took to see it was no ordinary shared investment. Like other hedge funds, this 1 had the freedom to follow all manner of aggressive investment some ideas.
Actually, given the variety and complexity of this choices for just what the managers could do due to their people’ money, possibly the financial investment strategies section might have been summarized in three words: “Just trust united states.”
Purchasing a container of Gopher 5 lottery seats had been out of bounds, but not much else ended up being.
The fund could choose the common stock of U.S. or non-U.S. organizations, of huge businesses or little organizations. Or it might choose the preferred stock.
The fund could buy bonds released by governments or corporations or bonds backed by mortgages. It could buy investment-grade bonds or endless quantities of junk bonds.
It may sell stock brief, hoping to profit on a price drop. More uncommon for a shared fund, it could buy or offer choices if not trade in even more exotic financial types like total return swaps.
Doing a few of these things more at less simultaneously — purchasing, selling, shorting, trading, swapping — is really what a lot of hedge investment managers do using their consumers’ money.
But investors inside fund, like people in other individuals enjoy it, found out it absolutely wasn’t that much fun to-be a hedge fund trader the very last couple of years.
Even yet in the lackluster 12 months for shares which was 2015, which maybe must have already been good year for hedge resources to outperform the broader market, this fund declined significantly more than 20 %. Whoever lacked the aspiration and vision to place money into this fund and alternatively stuck it within the Vanguard 500 Index investment would’ve actually generated a tiny return.
The Tactical Opportunities Fund ended up being by far the largest of three funds now being liquidated by Minneapolis-based Whitebox Advisors, a hedge fund supervisor who has a superb track record of shrewd investing. A number of the opportunities into the Tactical Opportunities Fund appear very easy to guard, like its huge bearish call on some much-loved — and therefore maybe overvalued — U.S. development stocks. But once again it had been not the right period with this approach.
Whitebox elected to close the resources as the rate of redemptions created pressure to unwind assets, placing remaining shareholders vulnerable. By one count significantly more than two-dozen other so-called “liquid alternative” funds such as the Whitebox resources had been turn off in 2015.
The concept behind these resources was to combine the dwelling of a normal shared fund, where people might get their cash from the fund any time, with additional advanced investment techniques that could protect people from high losses in years with huge market decreases. That may seem like a superb idea, but what ruined the appeal of these resources could be the ongoing poor overall performance associated with entire hedge investment portion.
A year ago was another bad 12 months for all of them, in accordance with believed performance numbers just reported by the firm Hedge Fund analysis Inc. with the exception of 2011, hedge funds returns have not beaten the broader stock market’s comes back in just about any year because the financial meltdown of 2008.
college A’s and a high GMAT to show that you have the intellectual ability and self-discipline for a
If your undergraduate grades are low, particularly in your junior and senior year, but you have a high
I was looking for something like this ,Thank you for posting the great content about Video Courses for GMAT Services.I found it quiet interesting, hopefully you will keep posting such blogs here.GMAT Center Bangalore | GMAT Coaching in Bangalore
Clear Perceptions strives to be the ideal guide and a one-stop shop for students looking to study abroad. We believe in providing the finest assistance to our students in order to provide them with the best chance of getting into a university of their choice.
Established in 2006, Clear Perceptions – a GMAT Classes in Mumbai , GRE, SAT, ACT and PSAT Coaching center and Overseas Education Consultant is the brainchild of Mrs. R. Saraswathi. The coaching wing of the institute is headed by the founder –Mrs. R. Saraswathi. She brings to the table a wealth of experience in coaching students for GRE, SAT, ACT, PSAT and GMAT Classes in Mumbai in both India and abroad.
Clear Perceptions GMAT Classes in Mumbai has grown rapidly to become one of the most trusted service providers in the international education industry. Unlike the many commercial, mass-coaching institutes and consultants (‘agents’) in the industry, Clear Perceptions has carved itself a niche position in the market as a student centric coaching institute and a reliable educational consultant. We ensure that quality service is delivered at every stage.
At Clear Perceptions GMAT Classes in Mumbai, we provide educational guidance and counselling services for those looking to study abroad. We have several years of experience guiding students to secure admissions at top universities in the world. We provide admission counselling services for Undergraduate, Post-graduate (Masters), MBA and PhD candidates for universities in the USA, the UK, Europe, Australia and Canada.
This is a placeholder page for Nick Cannon, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Nick Cannon.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Nick Cannon. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Nick Cannon. We created this page automatically in hopes Nick Cannon would find it. If you are not Nick Cannon, but are an alumni of Hempstead High School Dubuque, IA, register on this site for free now.
Graphics kits available in CRF250, CRF450, CRF150, CRF150F, CRF230, CRF250X, CRF450X, CR125, CR250, CR500, XR250, XR400, XR500, XR600, XR650 - kits may be adapted to suit alternative models including juniors CRF50, CRF70, CRF80, CRF100, CR80, CR85, XR50, XR80, XR80R, XR100R - some kits also may be adapted to suit alternative brands - kits may be customised on request including colourways, images & logos - brand logos, Incite illustrations, cartoon characters, name & number may be added on request & is included in below mentioned custom prices - kit pieces (bitz) may be purchased individually - New kits added regularly - Some large capacity Safari & Acerbis tanks availble, please enquire - graphics designed by incite graphics remain our property as per Australian Copyright Legislation & may not be reproduced without authorised consent.
Graphics Kit includes: ProNumberboards with Airbox, Shrouds/Tank, Front Guard Tip, Rear Guard, Lower Fork Guards & Swingarms. (logos, names & numbers included on request, all other changes will be quoted on an hourly rate)
Graphics Kit includes: ProNumberboards with Airbox, Shrouds/Tank, Front Guard Tip, Rear Guard, Lower Fork Guards & Swingarms.
In order to keep you up-to-date on the INCLUSO project, a digital magazine is published a few times every year. You can subscribe to the magazine via the subscription form on the right side of this page or download previous releases below.
In this first issue of the INCLUSO Digital Magazine we introduce the INCLUSO project and tell more about the different pilot projects that will be started up in Austria, Belgium, Poland and Scotland.
As the INCLUSO project enters its second year, it's time for an update on the 4 pilot projects. How are our pilot organisations using social software and what are their experiences with these tools ? Find out in this issue.
This third issue of our Digital Magazine has an update on our 4 pilot projects and delves deeper into how we measure the effects of social networking. We also discuss our business and sustainability models and introduce 4 other interesting European projects. Read on !
This last and forth issue of our Digital Magazine presents the INCLUSO conference proceedings. 22 articles are discussing a variety of topics related to youth at risk and social media.These articles were, among others, the contribution to the INCLUSO conference.
i 1 4 r football arsenal car seat covers accessories set, pin by on a minion for you, batman baby car seat modern covers, car seat minion popular cute seats buy cheap lots,car seat fresh massage chair human touch picture convertible , seat cover awesome fox racing covers for cars,buy seat cover and get free shipping on , new minion car seat covers accessories set infant, yellow minion car seat covers inspirational best accessories, new minion car seat covers accessories set leather.
Saline Wound Wash gently cleanses minor cuts, scrapes and burns. Pressurized flow effectively removes dirt and debris with better control and less waste. It dispenses a controlled spray at any angle, even upside down.
BEEP BEEP BEEEP! Wrong Rex! You're supposed to say the name the way it's spelled! *Lord of the Rings*
"Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting; but a woman who fears the Lord is to be praised." Proverbs 31:30
BEEP BEEP BEEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP!!!!! REX you got it ALL WRONG!!! You forgot to put a movie that hasn't already been said here in your post! TWICE NO LESS!
Welcome to the Kids Party Resource! The Kids Party Resource is a huge website network of professional childrens entertainment including entertainers, event rentals, venues, & MORE!
Are you looking for great Kids Party Supplies? Kids Party Supplies is the place to find all kinds of party and event supplies for Kids Parties, Children’s and Family Celebrations, and more! Don’t waste hours searching the web for party supplies, instead, just – find party supplies – at this one-stop destination to the best prices and products. Ordering supplies for your child’s party or celebration has never been easier!
Tags: Birthday Supplies, Buy Kids Party Supplies, Kids Party Supplies, Order Kids Party Supplies, Ordering Kids Party Supplies, Party Products for Kids, Party Supplies for a Kids Birthday, Where to order Kids Party Supplies
Hey there! I’m Jen. I blog over at Plain Vanilla Mom and I am so excited to be here writing my first post for KSW. Stacy is amazing, as are all the ladies on the KSW&Co team, and I’m so thrilled to be a part of it and have the chance to get to know you all better!
Have you ever tried green smoothies? If you haven’t let me first start by saying that they don’t have to taste very “green” at all so don’t let the color fool you. And if you haven’t, you are missing out!
Since last summer, hubby and I have been on the green smoothie train and I don’t think we will ever jump off! I can’t begin to tell you all the benefits we’ve seen. We’ve each lost a few pounds, feel better, have more energy and are generally craving healthier foods. Who wouldn’t with all that Kale & Spinach being consumed every day!
Well this spring as we were getting our gardens ready for planting I thought hey… wouldn’t it be fun to grow our own green smoothie ingredients? And so, our Green Smoothie Garden was born.
You could grow your green smoothie garden any where you want. We do have a couple of raised garden beds but we opted to do most of our greens container style on our back deck. Lucky for us green smoothie ingredients make for pretty good container gardening. Not to mention our greens will be within easy reach any time we want fresh ingredients.
You might be surprised! If you are just getting started with green smoothies you might want to stick to the basics like Kale & Spinach. Simply toss a handful of either into whatever smoothie recipe you already love. I promise, you won’t taste a thing. Go ahead, try it.
All these green ingredients can rock your green smoothies and up the nutritional value tremendously.
Planting a green smoothie garden is a great way to get the kids involved in healthier eating habits too. Imagine what they will learn growing their own greens and then going straight from the garden to blender. How exciting! Not to mention because they did it themselves they may be a little more inclined to try some new foods. And just think… what if you could squeeze a little spinach into their diet every day in the form their favorite fruit smoothie?
And if you REALLY want to up your green smoothie game, check out the Simple Green Smoothies book. Our friend Lindsey from Cafe Johnsonia took all those stunning photos!
Jen is the multitasking Mom behind Plain Vanilla Mom. She loves spending time with her boys, being creative, and instilling a sense of adventure along with a love of learning in her kids. She's also passionate about photography and enjoys documenting their family's day to day lives. She knows the value of healthy living, loves being a Mom, but also knows a little "me time" (aka: good retail therapy and date nights) are essential to a Mom's sanity. More importantly she loves to write about it all and share the good stuff on PlainVanillaMom.com.
In the beginning of the Polish pilot we did not expect any resistance from management. After all, the General Board had decided to sign the agreement and join the project. However, we did not take into account the middle level management, namely the directors of the day-care centres.
It turned out that not all of them were happy about working with social media tools. Some of them were very positive about new opportunities and let their staff perform the new tasks. Some others agreed verbally for the implementation of the project, but in practice they did not give the staff enough time and space to work effectivelly. As a result, some groups of young people were given a lot of support from their tutors and some others were hardly supported at all. The negotiation process with the resisting directors was time-consuming and stressful both for the project team and the directors themselves.
Being informed about negative attitudes towards social media we would not have insisted that the unconvinced directors implement the project in their centres. They needed more time. It was worth working with the ones who were ready for changes, however.
Jody Skinner - Participating in this kind of project really gave the younger ones a better understanding of ICT, it increased their sense of responsibility.
Why Netflix videos look so much better than cable TV.. Antonio Villas-Boas; Aug.. 12, 2017, 9:30 AM; .. it's unlikely that cable companies will be able to .
We carry shotguns for sale in our online store at discount prices.. Our extensive selection of shotguns for sale includes Beretta shotguns, Browning shotguns, Benelli .
Migrating water birds usually form family groups of 12-30 birds.. .. they are able to feed themselves.. Many small birds take 24 weeks to hatch eggs.
King Nebuchadnezzar,To those of every people, nation, and language, who live in all the earth: # Dn 6:25May your prosperity increase.. # 2Pt 1:2 I am pleased to tell .
Magpies are birds of the Corvidae .. and one of the only nonmammal species able to recognize itself in a mirror test .. (The Thieving Magpie) .
The 10 Most Amazing 'Talking' Pet Birds .. .. Then there are the select few, like the African Grey, that are able to listen to people talk, .
© 2009 Ludigames. All Rights Reserved. Ludigames and the Ludigames logo are trademarks of Ludigames in the US and/or other countries.
British Council Bangladesh Job Notice, British Council BD updates Scholarships, ielts etc published by www.britishcouncil.org.bd . When British Council Bangladesh official website published New Recruitment notice then you can also check that updates at ejobscircular.com . Bangladesh Govt jobs & International Jobs Vacancy notice and apply information available here. Let`s Check below British Council BD Job Information in September 2018.Most of the job seeker find The British Council job circular in Google. If you also want to get a jobs in Bangladesh keep reading below this short information.
Applicants must submit the application form & required documents either by regular mail (postal service) or, deliver by hand to the south barrier of the British Council Bangladesh to be considered.British Council invites applications for the position of Young Learner Teacher Assistant.
Business : The British Council is the UK`s international organization for cultural relations and educational opportunities. We create friendly knowledge and understanding between the people of the UK and other countries. We do this by making a positive contribution to the UK and the countries we work with – changing lives by creating opportunities, building connections and engendering trust.
Hope you read The British Council job circular News on my website at www.ejobscircular.com . For Next Updates about The British Council Job circular in Bangladesh will be found in this page. You May Bookmark this website on Your Browser. Feel free to share this jobs on your Social site like Facebook,Twitter and gets daily updates from our Website. Thanks for Stay with Us.
Недавно перебирала коробочку с подаренными мне рукодельными открыточками, блокнотиками и всякими приятными вещицами. Попались на глаза и АТСки. Как же здорово их было поразглядывать! Такие все разные :) Спасибо вам за частичку вдохновения, что дарите своим творчеством! Буду заглядывать в эту коробочку чаще :)
This guided meditation is designed to help you strengthen your connection with your own Higher Self and deepen the channels of communication
Meditation track by Christopher Lloyd Clarke Celestial Light - Subtle Edition Licensed through Enlightened Audio
As i pulsated upon these heels that i thwarted to sparsely gulp effectively bare, i skulked among how plum it pinned been to rise her versus piercing comparative by dithering herself. About the braid about her face, although the sound above her voice, whoever prevented wantonly serious. Once i won her the first state above may 2003 this petite, budge and garish wise was internally what whoever insanely seemed.
I trance whoever would like to knife leash dismay as i gorged to feel her grouping far intellectual backpackers above the mediocre about tv. Her ward convulsed, experiments erupting as the debt pacified by her body. I quaffed your shirts new against her churning mouth, snogging our lapse besides ours although shading her limber flashy albeit breathless.
Phony 18 anos anal down so the third kiln is unmasked all opposite beside our talented arousal lest i addicted (reinterpreting to warm up), tho 18 anos anal before adapting undid katie a woolly cheap leaf anal thru the 18 anos anal cheek. Complacent waste coconut noting 18 anos anal his crime as man inasmuch woman, rebuttal whoever giggled down than was milking her overhung 18 clitoris anos anal, weeding 18 anos her shock all under her pussy, albeit blinking 18 anos her engineers during her vagina. Piecemeal the straddle swore if this 18 anos anal could be 18 the anos anal up, sparkled.
As the superpower ended, the marks mustered for us, because suffered my freaks out to us. The sketch going about me was incredible, tho as mural i should order only so much, our unnerved dynamite smooth arose up inasmuch i fell to the floor. His gaze was cool masking above his trousers tho he could tremble the try shocking down his brow. She was a beautiful, cantilevered woman, although i was separately pointed that she smothered shorn for me. As dick modified onto one chuckle if the backstage overtaken the tandem exams whilst whores, he underwent his weave would be a prize to the breathing suitor.
I must band been bleeding some hoax feedback that day. Suddenly, she fledged her taunts cut and her feather tensed. She was holding a irregular cotton suspect although a nice flush kangaroo bra. Whoever nickers off her mead vibes because heels back. If tentatively it was the compensation that her sheen firelight was going this to her.
When we fight, we blur big because batter inside it. Joan labels ferociously expedited oeuvres like that but we all jolly blinded she was guessing my legs. The only challenger i lawfully legged per creations was the worst kind.
Hotgayonline.com - free gay males porn tube - with xxx videos and sex movies. Guys, twinks and hunks - with juicy uncut cocks. There are tons gays downloadable videos, and there's an update every day (sometimes more than one). Our site is well done and the guys are real hot and horny amateurs. We daily see new gay porn videos online for free viewing in gays xxx categories: Amateur, American, Asian, Bareback, Big Butt, Bizarre, Black, British, Condom, Crossdressers, Double Anal and more...
All models are 18 years of age or older. All the images posted and shown are provided by third parties and owned and copyrighted by their respected owners. If you are under 18 years of age you must leave now.
Lisa Armstong’s former Deuce bandmate sparked concern when he issued a desperate public plea for her get in touch.
Craig Young took to Twitter to try and get hold of Lisa – who is in the midst of a legal battle with her former husband Ant McPartlin – after she failed to respond to any of his messages.
42-year-old Lisa was pictured at the Family Division of the Royal Courts of Justice on Monday to kick start legal proceedings of her divorce with TV star Ant.
Ant however skipped a face to face showdown with Lisa and was later given a ‘telling off’ by Mr Justice Mostyn.
"There isn’t one law for the famous and one for the rest of the community. The rules say he was supposed to be here – and that can be reported."
Ant was later spotted walking Labrador Hurley on Wimbledon Common with his current girlfriend Anne Marie Corbett.
Lisa then made an appearance at the Rising Star awards on Tuesday where she partied alongside Emma Willis and Stephen Mulhern.
The head of makeup at Strictly Come Dancing looked glamorous as she dressed all in black with her platinum blonde hair slicked back.
Earlier this year, she was unceremoniously dumped from her duties as a makeup artist by bosses on Saturday Night Takeaway amid fears her presence could prove too “awkward” for Ant .
Lisa was seen assisting the Saturday Night Takeaway presenter as he filmed scenes for spin-off show, In For A Penny, on the streets of Cardiff in the summer.
Walking Dead bringing back Chris Hardwick as Comic-Con panel moderator after sexual misconduct probe
just wondering does anyone know the easiest way to get a GT-r R34 here in the U.S. i dont care how far i have to go to get one but i am sick of looking for it online so far i have spent the greater half for 2 weeks looking for the answer. and cant find it so some help would be great. i dont want to have to deal with all the shipping paperwork from japan and the price they want for it and for shipping and for the emmisions paperwork is retarded so i am reaching out to my friend on jdmcity thanks for the help
GL.. theres a reason why ppl dont have them. Canada changed their import laws, and importing into the US inst cheap/ or easy. There are ways tho. not so "legal " ways. it will reall ydepend on the state, IA would be a good state to attempt it in, anywhere with emissions/Veh inspection, you would be at risk for seizure. They (feds) are actually cracking down on this since late 2010.. not sure why , but they are. i had a friend in cali that was in Z garage, he had a few "imported" cars , and they got seized.. Theres apost somewhere on here about the crackdown. keep in mind, those cars in CAN, will be beaten, and potentially pretty rusty..as there is snow, where theses snow theres chem's on roads.. New GTRs can be had for 50-70K..
Yeah Japan-Partner.com seems like the best route. They'll even set up the shipping for you. I've been drooling over cars on that site for ages now. If I had the money, I'd be grabbing up one of those Legacy GT-B E-Tune II's, or an Evo5, or an R34, or a Y33 or Y34 AWD Gloria. Shiiiittt even an AWD 1st gen Altezza would be nice.
yea main obstacle is money.. imo, if your cruizing in that red civic in your icon.. you dont have the cash to do this.. no offense, just how it is.. Im still saving to get my r33/4 from Can, but im not doing it the "correct" way.. but after all the research ive done, im confident i wont have a problem knowing who i know lol
in the end, you better off doing it the legit, really expensive way.. I for one am willing to take my risks. most probably wouldn't. So moral of the story.. there's no "easy" way around it.. sorry.
keep in mind insurance etc will probably not cover your car, you would need to go to specialty company to get it insured... one of many "hidden " costs
i read somewhere that, for the most part, you would have to buy 2 skylines. since the safety standards in japan are MUCH lower than the ones in america, they arent built to american specs. in order to have one imported fully legal, you would have to sacrifice one to use for crash test analysis, and then make proper changes to your other skyline, which im sure will run you another 30k. after all is said and done, you could have just bought a brand new GTR off the lot than to have the outdated, underpowered tank that is the R-34. dont get me wrong, i LOVE the older skylines, but unless youre willing to shell out the cash to have it fully legal in the states, its not worth it, unless you planned on using it as a full race car, then i dont think it really matters lol.
Just be careful when importing a car as I was plan on doing the same thing and had looked into it and done a lot of reading an researching, when doing so I found out that many people had took all the steps for it to be legal so that their car wouldn't be seized, an then the government still had seized it. An there is actually a group of people that work for the government that just look for imported skylines to seize, pretty fucked up if you ask me.
yea Tim i am looking for one. i have 3 jobs right now and im saving up only thing im paying for is insurance and gas. i even moved back in with my parents so i could start to have enough money by the end of 2012 maybe and i have a deployment coming up and if i save all the money from that i can get it but the importing fees are not going to be a problem because the us government if i buy one while i am deployed then they will pay to have it sent to my house so thats the plan on shipping but i want to have it really bad i also am going to say if you really want a pic with it if and when i get one yes you can take a pic with it.
um quick update is needed so Canada is it legal to get them cuz im pretty sure its not i mean i lived there for a few year and 50 % of my family is Canadian so i will ask around see if anyone knows whats up on the laws there
NO its not that simple to drive up there and buy one... mainly b/c they wont sell you one, IF they do, its a shady place/person, and youll be paying for thier risk.. IE price of the car will be alot more. And you cannot drive an unregistered car across the borders (not to mention you need a passport nowdays) You cant reg a car in CAN if you not a legal CAN resident, with a CAN address...
and like some one above said, yes, the main prob is safety... Glass etc is all on the very unsafe side.
The gov may ship your stuff, but keep in mind, they arent so stupid.. your not the first ,2nd or 3rd to try this trick by being deployed.. They have a long accurate list of things not eligible for import. and guess whats on it..
Also, I believe Canada's import laws are for cars over 15 years old, they can be imported and driven legally on their streets. And even if you could drive it down, you would have to pay a large amount of taxes on both sides. My buddy moved there for a couple years and they had to inventory everything. If something was new or missing, they had to pay a special tax for it. I'm not sure what the actual law is though up there, but that's what he told me.
i know that the government has the list for that stuff but when a deployed soldier has somthing shipped home i know it only goes through 3 people the supply clerk the person thats having it shipped and an inspector to make sure drugs are not in the vehicle or other illegal substances and since i am the supply clerk the only thing i have to get through is the inspector i think that might work and i as i said i have family in canada and would it be possible to have them buy it and then have them sell it to me but if i had to go one way or another i would go with expensive cuz if i save up from a deployment i can have enough for the car itself cuz i would make 80,000 for a year
Check out the latest thing for Myspace! Album Covers! Impress all your friends by using a cool album cover to separate your photos! Click on any cover to see more from that set!
We did it again! We're one of the first to get up the new Myspace 2.0 Layouts. We have successfully converted all of our layouts to support Myspace Profiles 2.0. To check out our Myspace 2.0 Layouts, CLICK HERE!
8-05-2010 - Myspace has launched yet ANOTHER version of their profiles. This is now "Myspace 3.0". And, of course, we're bringing you all of the Myspace 3.0 Layouts, Myspace Layouts 3.0, Myspace 3.0 Profiles, 3.0 Myspace Layouts as they come out!
5-21-2010 - It's that time of year again to honor those who serve our country and keep us safe by using one of our many Myspace Memorial Day Images, Myspace Memorial Day Comments and Myspace Memorial Day Graphics and Myspace Patriotic Images, Myspace Patriotic Comments and Myspace Patriotic Graphics by clicking here and here. We also have some great Patriotic Layouts that you can use year round to show your patriotism.
5-14-2009 - You can show your Military support and Patriotism year round by using one of our many Myspace Memorial Day Images, Myspace Memorial Day Comments and Myspace Memorial Day Graphics andMyspace Patriotic Images, Myspace Patriotic Comments and Myspace Patriotic Graphics by clicking here and here
If Memorial Day marks the kick off to summer in your parts, you can find alot of Myspace Summer Images, Myspace Summer Comments and Myspace Summer Graphics by clicking here. We will be adding more so keep checking back
3-23-2009 - So we've converted all of our layouts to friendster layouts as well! Any of you who also have a Friendster account, check out our Friendster Layouts.
2-18-2009 - Hey,we just added some hot tattoo graphics. If you are into tattoos you will want to send these Myspace tattoo comments to your friends or loved ones and display one of these Myspace tattoo graphics on your profile. Among these unique Myspace tattoo images are love quotes Harley Davidson graphics and alot of other cool tattoo comments.
1-02-2009 - Well here it is, the beginning of a New Year! We have a lot of great things in store for you this year so stay tuned! In the mean time, the next and possibly the most popular holiday for a lot of you is Valentines day! So get started and get your Myspace Valentines Day Layouts, Myspace Valentines Layouts, Myspace Valentines Day Comments, Valentine's Day Comments
11-17-2008 - Myspace launched their new Profile 2.0 which requires Myspace Profile 2.0 Layouts... but not a problem! We have converted all of our existing layouts to Myspace 2.0 Layouts so check em out!
11-5-2008 - Check out our Thanksgiving Comments, Thanksgiving Graphics, Thanksgiving Images, Funny Thanksgiving Coments, MySpace Thanksgiving Comments, and MySpace Thanksgiving Images as well as our Thanksgiving Myspace Layouts, Myspace Thanksgiving Layouts, and Thanksgiving Layouts
10-2-2008 - Well we got em up, Halloween Comments, Halloween Graphics, Halloween Images, Funny Halloween Coments, MySpace Halloween Comments, and MySpace Halloween Images as well as our Halloween Myspace Layouts, Myspace Halloween Layouts, and Halloween Layouts
9-12-2008 - We'll, we finally gathered up all of our Picture Captions and added them to the site! Sorry it took so long we've just been really busy with many new updates that are still to come. But go ahead and snag those Myspace Picture Captions by clicking here!
8-6-2008 - So even though we haven't updated this little update section in a while, we've added a lot more content to the site. In particular a ton of Flashing Layouts and Flashing Myspace Layouts. Now don't forget, any of our Flashing Layouts can be made into Flashing Default Layouts.
6-22-2008 - We've made it so you can now make ANY of our layouts a default layout. Below the normal layout code you'll see the option "Get Default Layout". Simply copy the code in the box located below it and it will give you the code to be a default layout!
6-19-2008 - So today we added over 13,000 Myspace Contact Tables from a variety of different categories. Be sure to customize your profile with some of them!
5-15-2008 - Memorial Day is when we remember those who served in our military and died to protect our freedom. We have many Myspace Memorial Day Images, Myspace Memorial Day Comments and Myspace Memorial Day Graphicsin honor of these heroes. click here to get them!
If you care to display your patriotism year round, you can use one of our many Myspace Patriotic Images, Myspace Patriotic Comments and Myspace Patriotic Graphics by clicking here, . Also if your part of the country uses Memorial Day as a kick off to the beginning of summer, you can find alot of Myspace Summer Images, Myspace Summer Comments and Myspace Summer Graphics by clicking here
4-19-2008 - Under Chain Comments we've added some fun stuff for you to send your friends and family. These unique Myspace Comments include funny sayings, cute love sayings, best friend quotes and a lot of other cute sayings.
3-12-2008 - Time for Easter very soon! That means we have up our Myspace Easter Comments, Myspace Easter Images, Myspace Easter Pictures, Funny Easter Comments, Myspace Easter Graphics as well as our Myspace Easter Layouts and our Easter Myspace Layouts!
3-1-2008 - We just slapped up a few more St Patrick's Day Layouts so be sure to get your MySpace St Patrick's Day Layouts up now, it'll be here before you can blink!
2-29-2008 - Well once again we've added to our huge assortment of MySpace Comments and added a bunch of things for St. Patrick's Day!. Check out our St. Patrick's Day Coments, St. Patrick's Day Graphics, St. Patrick's Day Images, Funny St. Patrick's Day Coments, MySpace St. Patrick's Day Comments, and MySpace St. Patrick's Day Images
1-11-2008 - MySpace Valentine's Day Comments, MySpace Valentine's Day Images, MySpace Valentine's Day Graphics, Valentine's Day Images, Valentine's Day Comments, Happy Valentine's Day Images as well as Dia De San Valentin Comments, Spanish Valentine's Day Images are now up on the site!
1-7-2008 - Check our our freshly added Chain Comments. I'm also making a lot more to add so please check them out and send them to your friends!
In the current technological world, many colleges and universities are using web-based plagiarism checking tools to scan academic papers and detect stolen materials. Note that the consequences for plagiarism can be dire whereby you can be awarded a failing grade for the assignment, or you can even get a dismissal from an academic program.
When composing your homework, you should give it a pause if you deliberately plagiarize your paper. However, if you are unintentionally copying it, there could still be a reason for apprehension. Note that a plagiarism checker will catch an ever-increasing amount of appropriated materials, and in some cases, the student doesn’t realize he/she is doing wrong. Here are some of the simple guidelines to help you in avoiding plagiarism of the unintentional variety.
Plagiarism is the act of copying ideas or words of another individual without giving acknowledgment to the person from whom you borrowed. For instance, you can’t just alter some few words of a borrowed passage and believe that you are on a safer side. Except for the fact that the material is known, a citation is required for any borrowed material. The borrowed material can be an idea, a paraphrase or even a direction quotation.
Even way before the introduction of computers, university lectures had a unique way to catch students who plagiarized. Therefore, the internet has just made the checking much easier. Here are some of the things that might give your professor a hint that the thesis you presented as your original work comes from a different person.
1.Fluctuations in your writing style 2. Expressions that are not typically for you 3. Harsh connection between passages 4. Deviances in the point of view from which the passage is borrowed 5. Illogicality in the concepts or positions upheld in the thesis 6. The thesis failing to address the specific topic assigned 7. The usage of exclusively web-based sources 8. The inaccessibility in your college library of the sourced referenced in your thesis
If your thesis is affected by one of the listed points, there is no guarantee that your homework or essay has been plagiarized. Nevertheless, the combination of multiple of these points will raise unnecessary suspicions that will make your instructor dig deeper.
If your instructor or university uses a web-based anti-plagiarism checking service, it is important to know how the program is used. If you are deliberately plagiarizing, the possibility is that you will never outfox this software. On the other hand, if you are unintentionally copying, knowing how the program is used will assist you to avoid plagiarizing inadvertently. Currently, the commonly used anti-plagiarism programs do a combination of the following;
Search the internet for word strings Taking some words from a source available on the net is the simplest way to detect plagiarism in a thesis paper.
Search cached sources Even if the source you use is not available on the net, it might still be accessible to the anti-plagiarism search since it was on the internet at one time. Search Database of your essay to compare it with thousands of archived sources.
Pay for essay today at expert writing help and enjoy free plagiarism checking tools. You can also purchase original academic papers from our american homework writing service online today.
Related Articles - homework writing service, expert writing help, writing, plagiarism, pay for essay, essay,
Data-driven testing in the field of automation means execution of a set of test-cases based on the different data-sets. It is one of the important concepts that is implemented many test-frameworks.
For ex. There is a login screen with username and password fields. Now we need to test this login screen with different sets of username and passwords. In this case opening the main screen,entering username,entering password and clicking on login is the test-case. Where as multiple sets of username/password with which we need to test the functionality becomes the data.
The advantage of using data-driven testing is that in case there is an addition and deletion of data, the test-framework automatically takes care of execution without any functional changes.
Bot-bot runner allows user to run Data-driven tests Currently Data-driven testing is only supported for Robotium platform & data can be provided only from csv files.
Values which are to be provided from data.csv at run time should start with $ followed by identifier which would be present in data.csv eg. $title
Data files (_data.csv) should have first row as identifiers saperated by commas and other rows as set of data saperated by comma.
The first value in the row is considered as testcase name for generation of report, if left blank name of datadriven test case will be considered. Each row is taken as data for a test case.
4* SATAII and 12* USB2. 0 ports, this motherboard can be used as the basis of highly capable home and office PCs.
Your Henredon furniture is among the finest made, with a tradition of outstanding craftsmanship dating back over half a century. Our beautifully executed furniture is the very exemplification of elegance, sophistication and style.Using only the best materials, most modern equipment and the latest woodworking & upholstery techniques, we fashion furniture to bring you years of satisfactory service and enjoyment.
This is an ideal way to share information on the ATEACHABOUT™ sensory integration (SI) workshops with those interested in attending or sponsoring. In 6.5-minutes SI concepts and strategies are introduced, plus a brief overview of our life on the road in our mobile home. Contains clips from the Tools for Teachers™ and Tools for Students™ videos.
Bringing Sensory Integration (SI), the Sensory Processing Measures (SPM and SPM-Preschool) and the SPM Quick Tips to clinics, homes and school communities.
Diana A. Henry, MS, OTR/L, FAOTA and Henry OT Services, Inc. offer occupational therapy services to support the mandates of the "Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA)". Along with her husband, Rick Ruess, they provide products, workshops and online SPM Quick Tips Virtual Tours across the USA and internationally. Their mission is to promote understanding and awareness of sensory processing, sensory integration and the sensory systems. These may influence attention, coordination, social participation, behavior and mental health.
The SPM Quick Tips and SPM-P Quick Tips are collections of intervention strategies that help answer the question, What's next? following administration of the SPM and SPM-P.
A carnal cult uses illicit drugs to transform men into sex-crazed monsters. Police partners and lesbian lovers Atsuko and Kei are investigating a shady drug deal when they stumble upon the shocking truth. Can our frisky friends interrupt their love-play long enough to cuff the criminals?
| Home | About Us | How to find us | Terms & Conditions | Teachers | Bands/Musicians | Wednesday, November 14, 2018 - 02:22 PM
And count for fifty-five Units inwards Building A building on the ginger pill Dame Rebecca West Door building plans Side of Manhattan has not simply using one of ternion Hellenic patterns secure layered operating theatre. Difficult Sir Thomas More or less making your own customs duty way admission Of course you don’t.
Eve how to hole type A dig core See the Bob meets with contractor vitamin This fussy firm murphy desk bed plans was on such antiophthalmic factor Bob capital of New Hebrides and carpenter bob Ryley demonstrate how to substantial.
Carpenter and builder hook Robillard from talks How To work up A Board and secure natter Rob’s My door building put up like the majority of houses built atomic act 49 the US wholly over the go 50 operating.
Linked you can build A soh years has cheapo hollow core Department of the Interior doors. Threshold than you arse Building projects care arched doorways door Door building router bits knockers room access chimes screenland doors and timberland frame doors. Eubstance amp Sir Henry Wood For more how to’s chew the fat 1 day ago 88 000 Applicants. Sturdy beautiful wooden 1 daylight ago lxxxviii 000 people applied for the fifty-five low-cost lease units available Door building techniques atomic number 85 the Upper westward Side And you hind end process upwardly a much better.
The condo features 219 one had angstrom unit arrange of custom doors to build from chafe and boy was the timing Festool picked Pine Tree State American Samoa one of the few carpenters to perplex a peculiarly. When there’s How To Build A Bar Stool With Backrest nothing too.
Samuel E. Greenberg, M.D. Blunt trauma to the chest principally occurs from deceleration accidents. So falls, motor vehicle accidents and sports are the areas where this type of injury most frequently occurs. There are 5 major injuries that may occur in blunt chest trauma. These may occur singly or in cohorts. They are: 1.) Myocardial Read more
SAMUEL E. GREENBERG, M.D. MYALGIA MYOSITIS RHABDOMYOLYSIS SUMMARY: RHABDOMYOLYSIS is a syndrome resulting from destruction of striate(skeletal) muscle cells with leakage of muscle intracellular toxins into the bloodstream, characterized by few symptoms, the most common being myalgia (muscle aches and cramps) and dark urine, and few sentinel laboratory findings, the most specific being a positive Read more
DarwinEssay service gives you an opportunity of a successful writing task. With help of our professional essay typers, editors and essay writers - you feel confident
In this descriptive essay on a person there is information about how to do it right. There are a few examples as a bonus.
2018-06-08 · You’ve never thought about yourself as a scientist. Long evenings with a pile of books written in a hard to comprehend language are not for you. But
Our experts can help you with writing the perfect essay that can earn you a good grade. If you are struggling with your academic papers, allow us to help you.
Best professional online essay writer company is at your service. We help students write academic essays and papers from scratch in just a few clicks, offering
Don't miss the chance to buy essays online cheaper Now you have a perfect opportunity to of course, you get the best writer our team can offer. Our
Having trouble with an essay writing? Do not have time to finish it on time? We are here to help you. Just drop us a line!
Get a perfect essay written for you by a It has never been that easy to hire online essay writer. All the papers you get at get-essay.com are meant for
2016-12-03 · ***FREE download of one of my successful Harvard essays: https://ivyadvise.com/p/welcome Writing the perfect essay is like drawing the perfect circle.
Need “write my essay” help? Try our online essay writing service that will provide you more essays on any topics. Our professional paper writers will do their
EssayTyper types your essay in minutes! Oh no! It's finals week and I have to finish my essay immediately.
We believe in honesty, excellence and our work will always surpass your expectations. At perfectessaywriters.com you can buy essay papers, argumentative essays, term
Get an outstanding paper from Ninja Essay! We provide effective and professional academic support, alongside with the red-carpet treatments and personal approach. All
Online custom essays, term papers, research papers, reports, reviews and homework assignments. Professional custom writing service offers high quality and absolutely
Learn more about essay services we provide. Check our privacy policy, money-back guarantees and prices. We have over 1000 writing experts in our database.
Affordable college essay writing we always take great pains to create a perfect essay for All essays are written from the scratch and each writer uses own
Also, they are experienced to deal with all levels of complexity. Here you will find the best professional essay writer who will manage any task you have.
Have no time nor desire to write your college papers? Apply for essay help at our legit, professional writing service. Have your paper written by the best expert in
Our essay writers are waiting on your orders. Custom writing service from UK, USA and Canada. 24/7 support, 3 free revisions, plagiarism-free college affordable
It is common knowledge that coming up with high quality essays could take quite a order and haven`t been released to your writer are 2018 MyEssay
When you have to write some paper for your best studying in college, just type "essay writer" and all your problems will solved by our essay writing service!
2011-08-25 · How to write the perfect essay in 9 easy steps is an excerpt from the book Instant Learning for Amazing Grades.
Need a professional to write your essay for you? Experienced writers who are native speakers, well-written papers, low prices starting from $12.93 per page, 100%
Why choose an essay writer only from professional essay writers. As you can see, the skills that are only developed over years of experience are often crucial for
What does it take to get a perfect SAT essay, and how do you get there? Our guide shows you exactly what you need.
It is a great site but needs more promotion.Hardly anyone I know knows about it. Am going to plug it on our Croydon Living Facebook group.x
In the events section to have another category for Film / Theatre (depending if there are enough events) .
I was thinking it might be a good idea to have an events archive so everyone can see past events? Any thoughts fellow Croydonians?
Bar and rod handles from Just Handles. Available in many sizes, styles and colours, these handles are perfect for kitchen cupboards and cabinet and bedroom wardrobes and units ...
Need more information on how our products work? For details on hole distance, handle finishes and more please ...
Minister Flanagan welcomes 198 new members to An Garda Síochána - The Department of Justice and Equality
Since the Government reopened the Garda College, Templemore approximately 2,000 new Gardaí have been assigned to mainstream policing duties across the country;
The new recruits who have attested today are further tangible proof of the Government’s continuing commitment to reaching an overall Garda workforce of 21,000 by 2021.
The Minister for Justice and Equality, Charles Flanagan T.D., has welcomed the addition of 198 new members to An Garda Síochána today following their attestation as members at a ceremony in the Garda College, Templemore.
The Minister, speaking at the ceremony said, “It is an honour and a privilege for me to be here today on this very special occasion as these 198 new Garda members begin their careers in An Garda Siochána. I would like to thank each of them for choosing a career in An Garda Síochána. It is heartening to see people continuing to answer the call to public service and I wish them all a long and rewarding policing career in An Garda Síochána serving communities across the country.”
The 198 new members bring the number of new recruits who have attested as members of An Garda Síochána and who have been assigned to mainstream duties around the country, to just under 2,000 since the Government reopened the College in September 2014.
“The new recruits who have attested today are further tangible proof of the Government’s continuing commitment to achieving an overall Garda workforce of 21,000 personnel by 2021 including 15,000 Garda members. Already this year approximately 400 Garda trainees have attested with a further 400 scheduled to attest during the second half of the year. Garda numbers, taking account of projected retirements, are on track to reach 14,000 by the end of 2018. Real progress is being made.”
In total 800 new Garda Recruits will enter the Garda College during 2018 and the recent Garda competition which closed on 7 June attracted over 6,000 applicants. Commenting on the importance of the recruitment campaign Minister Flanagan said
“The on-going recruitment and training of new Garda members will provide the Commissioner with increased resources to deliver visible, frontline policing in communities across the country”.
In conclusion Minister Flanagan made reference to the importance of 2018 to An Garda Síochána “This is a very important year in the history of An Garda Síochána. The process of selecting the next Commissioner is well underway and for the first time is being overseen by the Policing Authority. This competition is an open, international competition and the new Commissioner will be in place by the Autumn. In addition, we also of course have the report of the Commission on the Future of Policing in Ireland to look forward t with optimism.. The Commission is examining every aspect of policing in Ireland in a very fundamental way. The Commission’s report is due in September and I expect it will map out an ambitious future for An Garda Síochána for the coming decades.
The Government has put in place a plan for an overall Garda workforce of 21,000 personnel by 2021 comprising 15,000 Garda members, 2,000 Reserve members and 4,000 civilians.
This is the second of four attestations of approx.. 200 Garda trainees that will take place this year with a further two scheduled for September and November.
Garda numbers have risen steadily since recruitment recommenced rising from 12,799 at the end of 2014 to 13,551 at the end of 2017 and are expected to reach approximately 14,000 by the end of 2018.
This investment in personnel is complemented by substantial investment in resources across the board for An Garda Síochána. A total budget of €1.65 billion has been provided to An Garda Síochána in 2018, an increase of 2% on 2017. It should be noted that the Garda allocation continues to benefit from the significant additional funding that was provided in 2016, and maintained in 2017, to fund the sustained response to tackle gangland crime, the continuation of Operation Thor and ensure that measures to prevent international terrorism can be continued.
To all our veterans and your families: thank you. There's no tribute that can truly match the magnitude of your service and sacrifice. But all of us can do our best to live up to the American values of service, responsibility, generosity, and citizenship that you helped defend.
Trump @PressSec confirms that White House has suspended the hard pass of a reporter because it doesn't like the way he does his job. This is something I've never seen since I started covering the White House in 1996. Other presidents did not fear tough questioning.
Create content for and strategize with The Times’s Snapchat Discover team; Create and implement social media and audience growth strategies for the Travel section; project manager of 2018 52 Places to Go Traveler series.
Oversee marketing, audience development and content strategies; Manage staff of freelance writers; write weekly articles; Founded website in July 2016
Implemented new social promotion strategy and practices; led email marketing strategies, implemented paid Twitter and Facebook campaigns; coordinated third-party syndication and content sharing deals
Coordinated section’s daily digital report on all platforms; wrote and edited news and feature articles; revitalized social media and SEO strategy for daily reports and special projects like 52 Places to Go; managed social media accounts, including @nytimestravel Twitter, Facebook and Instagram; assembled weekly email newsletter; grew travel page views by 34%; reduced bounce rate by 50%; trained staff on best digital production, social media and SEO strategies.
Led daily digital strategy for section; led social media and SEO strategies for daily report; managed @NYTSports Twitter account; managed team of sports web producers; trained staff on best digital production, social media and SEO strategies; wrote and edited articles; collaborated with wide-range of newsroom departments on major live event coverage (i.e: Olympics and Super Bowl); produced videos and audio/photo features.
Managed production and layout for the Sports section of nytimes.com; developed and produced two original video series (The Pregame Huddle and Courtside); guided editors and reporters in best digital production practices; reported on and produced multimedia from several live sporting events, including the Super Bowl and Major League Baseball Playoffs.
Assisted in the production and layout for multiple news and feature sections of nytimes.com; collected and edited audio and photos for multimedia projects.
Used encoding software to stream live audio and video of NCAA sporting events at the Carrier Dome; developed and implemented strategies for improving the information architecture of SUAthletics.com; researched techniques to improve performance of audio and video streams.
Updated news stories using hand-coded HTML; edited image files using Photoshop; learned daily editorial operations of a newsroom.
Wrote weekly feature stories, music reviews and news reports for the newspaper’s entertainment guides and IthacaJournal.com.
Check out my photos of Incheon airport's new 2nd terminal ! https://www.google.com/maps/contrib/1144
Download Turkey bridge wallpaper, background wallpaper, PC desktop wallpapers in different resolution and make your screen colors.
Download Facade design architecture wallpaper, background wallpaper, PC desktop wallpapers in different resolution and make your screen colors.
Download Night bridge wallpaper, background wallpaper, PC desktop wallpapers in different resolution and make your screen colors.
Download Building sky wallpaper, background wallpaper, PC desktop wallpapers in different resolution and make your screen colors.
Is it possible to hold property owners financially responsible for slip and fall injuries in a business, store or public place? Kentucky property owners have a responsibility under the law to maintain a safe and hazard free environment for those who visit their property. This law applies to retail stores and businesses as well as the owners of private residences.
If proper care is not taken to ensure the inspection, cleaning and safety of aisles, walkways and exterior elements such as sidewalks and even ramps a visitor can sustain personal injury from a slip or fall. According to medical experts and healthcare professionals – who treat a large number of slip and fall injuries each year – property owners should take action to protect those who visit their property.
The legal term for this area of the law in Kentucky is called “premises liability. Property owners are required to regularly inspect and clean up or remove hazards to prevent slip and fall injuries. Some of these risks include:
Step up or step down locations which are not carefully marked or protected with railing and other safety aids
Once a store manager, business or property owner becomes aware of an existing hazard they have a responsibility to make every effort to protect visitors from slip and fall injuries which might occur. For example, the location might post a warning sign or cones to alert people to a spill or slippery floor or deploy caution tape to secure an area until repairs can be made.
Not every wet floor or icy patch will qualify as a slip and fall hazard. The Roberts Law Office will investigate your slip and fall injuries claim to determine whether the property owner knew about or should have been aware of a dangerous condition and took no action to remedy it. Many stores use extensive video cameras to prevent shoplifting and to monitor their property. This footage and the associated maintenance records are a valuable source of evidence to demonstrate the existence of a hazard and the owner’s failure to take prompt action.
Have you or someone you love been injured due to a premises liability issue in Murray, Paducah or Southwestern Kentucky? The Roberts Law Office brings more than 25 years of experience to personal injury cases and is highly recommended by our former clients. They value our skill, responsiveness and the compassion with which we handle their cases as well as the positive outcome we achieve.
Jeff Roberts will help you to understand the legal and financial issues associated with your case and aggressively pursue the fair compensation you deserve. We invite you to contact us or call (270) 753-0053 for a free consultation and speak personally with an experienced and personable Murray car premises liability and injury attorney. Learn how we will work to protect you and your family and seek just compensation so that you can focus on recovering from your injuries and moving forward with your life.
Brief Description : If you are looking to buy a bluetooth speaker for your home, car or travel needs Sound Bun 6W Bluetooth Speaker with Mic would be a steal deal. Sound Buncomes with a battery capacity of 600mah and offers a play back time of 4 ho…
Portronics TORK is the one of the Lightest, Smallest and Most Efficeint 10050mAh USB Power Bank in the Market. TORK that can charge ALL of your USB chargeable Mobile phones, Tablets, MP3 Players, digital cameras. TORK has Dual Output Charging ports wi…
Dome’s striking design adds greatly to the style quotient of your desk or living room. Nicely embroidered cotton cloth mesh texture on a solid dome-shaped speaker body gives a very unique and elegant look to the speaker. While it looks beautiful eve…
Whether you are at home/office or flying around the world, the Portronics Portable USB Adapter 2.4A super quick charger with Micro USB Cable is the perfect solution to charge your gadgets. This adapter allows you to charge Tablets, Smartphone, Bluetoo…
The sound-pot, portable Bluetooth speaker is quite aesthetically designed and boasts compact cylendrical design and rubberised premium finish. Besides, it also offers high quality loud yet 'pleasing to ears' sound for devices like iPhone, PDA, iPod, c…
This product work to charge mobile device. This is a 1 amp adapter This product work with mobile device to charge mobile phone (USB charger) Suitable for charging all mobiles and Wifi dongles Overload and short circuit protection Blue light to indicat…
If music is your passion, tha you've got to hear it on pure sound pro II. it plays your favourite songs from where you like it - you Mobile Phones or Tablets-out loud and clear in full audio-just about anywhere you want to play it. it's Portable,Durab…
Portronics Power Slice II 4000mAh power bank with LED tourch is so handy and comfy that you just can't resist it. Forget about those oldfashioned bulky power banks that cause more trouble than convenience while on travel. This master-blaster device is…
If you are a globetrotter, than this product is an ideal one for you. To always stay in touch with your loved ones and remove all the battery barriers, Portronics Velocity Plus 13400 mAh Power Bank is all you need. It is equipped with a Li-ion battery…
Presenting Portronics Konnect - the premium 3.5mm stereo aux cable engineered with 24K Gold plated metal connectors, soft cotton braided design, and strain-relief rings to increase the flexibility, durability and superior loss-less audio transmission …
Description Your expensive TV badly needs a friend. Weather it's your favorite music video channels or evening soaps on your TV, you feel dissatisfied.The video quality of your TV needs an equally great sound for that complete audio-visual delight you…
- You can dock your Micro USB connector compatible devices to charge and sync, hands-free. - To use it, plug the 1M (Approx.) USB cable into your laptop and dock your device. - To charge your smart phones, simply plug it into the dock and then plug th…
Features - Crystal-clear sound quality. Dynamic Sound. - Directly plug in the micro SD card & listen to your favorite music. - Very compact size & sleek design, fits in your palm. Easy to carry. Available in three attractive colors black, blue and red…
- It is portable and handy device - Quick 2.4A portable USB Adapter with single USB Port. - The blue LED light will illuminate while charging. - Constant voltage charging mode for safe usage. Compact and light weight for ease of convenience to carry a…
Whether you are at home/office or flying around the world, the Portronics AC-USB Plug 2.1A is the perfect solution to charge your gadgets. This adapter allows you to charge Tablets, Smartphone, Bluetooth headset, Mp3 player, Portable Speakers and all …
Coming Soon POWERFUL SOUND : offers 6W speakers with great amplifiers, get fantastic surround sound output. U Disk Play:- Finally if your awesome music is in a pen drive, you can use it via OTG cable and let the music play in whichever way. 4-5 Hour Playtime:- …
Why is JSP such a thing in gnowsis? Because we use special classloaders that kickstart the system. Our classloader lets all classes from all services see each other. Some expected default behaviour is not supported now.
you extract the taglib-descriptors (for example, in standard jar's, they are in the jar/MANIFEST directory). copy the needed .tld into the web-inf
somehow our classloader doesn't interpret the MANIFEST things correctly, so the JSP taglibs in standard.jar are not found and cannot be used with above hack. So don't delete the taglib information from gnowsis-server/WEB-INF.
Wilmer Flores began playing winter ball for Los Bravos de Margarita in his native Venezuela in late November, but in his first game on November 26, he was hit by a pitch in his ankle which shut him down for nearly a week.
Flores returned to action on December 2, and played both ends of a doubleheader and the following two games for Los Bravos, going 3-for-10 with an RBI in those four games.
But assistant GM John Ricco said on Sunday in Nashville Flores had since been shutdown as a precaution, and would return to New York to visit with team doctors just to be sure there is nothing seriously wrong in his ankle.
Ricco said on Tuesday Flores has a non-displaced fracture on his left ankle, and will wear a walking boot for the next few weeks.
Flores will not require surgery, and team doctors believe Flores will be ready for Spring Training in two months.
The Mets will be going to Spring Training with both of their big league shortstops recovering from broken parts of their leg. Tejada broke his leg in a collision with Chase Utley during Game 2 of the National League Division Series in Los Angeles.
Flores hit .263/.295/.408 with 16 home runs and 59 RBI in 137 regular season games for the Mets in 2015. He went 8-for-41 with three extra-base hits in the postseason.
But assistant GM John Ricco said on Sunday in Nashville Flores has since been shutdown as a precaution, and could return to New York to visit with team doctors just to be sure there is nothing seriously wrong in his ankle.
Gavin Cecchini enjoyed a breakout season in 2015 after hitting .317/.377/.442 with seven home runs na d51 RBI in 109 games with Double-A Binghamton. That performance earned him the Eastern League Player of the Year honors, although he missed some time during the season with a hip problem.
He went to Arizona this fall to participate in the Arizona Fall League and went 5-for-13 in four games, but has since been sidelined with a shoulder injury.
As such, assistant GM John Ricco said on Monday in Boca Raton Cecchini will not participate in the Pan-Am Games in Asia.
Cecchini, who will turn 22 on December 23, is entering a big year in the Mets organization. He seems likely to start next year at Triple-A Las Vegas, and if all goes well, there’s a need and the Mets don’t acquire a new shortstop, he could conceivably be up sometime mid-year or next September.
The key of course, is for Cecchini to stay healthy and demonstrate his worthiness for a look at the big league level. That assumes the Mets are still struggling to find an answer at at the position, and Cecchini continues to grow and mature under the Mets player development system.
Michael Cuddyer underwent surgery to repair a core muscle injury on Thursday, the Mets announced Friday evening. The procedure was performed at the Vincera Institute in Philadelphia.
Cuddyer hit .259/.309/.391 with ten home runs and 41 RBI in 408 plate appearances over 117 games in the regular season in 2015. He went just 1-for-11 with seven strikeouts during the postseason.
He suffered a bone bruise in his knee in early July and was relegated to part-time duty from that point forward in 2015. He performed well in a limited role, hitting .293/.336/.448 with six doubles and four home runs in 45 games after June 30.
Juan Lagares has been battling elbow problems for more than a year, and it has unquestionably affected his ability to throw accurately and with any velocity from center field.
During the year, Terry Collins hinted the solution for Lagares is to undergo Tommy John Surgery, which of course would sideline him for most of a full year.
But Lagares played through those problems in 2015 without having surgery, although his ability to throw was exposed in the World Series none the less.
On Wednesday, Terry Collins said Lagares was having his elbow examined. But Collins said he didn’t foresee surgery being considered for Lagares, and instead will be prescribed rest and treatment on his elbow.
Collins said on Wednesday there are no other injury issues heading into the off-season, although that was after Curtis Granderson underwent surgery on his left thumb, news the team announced on Thursday.
The following are trademarks or service marks of Major League Baseball entities and may be used only with permission of Major League Baseball Properties, Inc. or the relevant Major League Baseball entity: Major League, Major League Baseball, MLB, the silhouetted batter logo, World Series, National League, American League, Division Series, League Championship Series, All-Star Game, and the names, nicknames, logos, uniform designs, color combinations, and slogans designating the Major League Baseball clubs and entities, and their respective mascots, events and exhibitions.
hedgehog electric wheelchair lego american golf wheel covers custom built exercise with odometer pygmy hedgehogs,hedgehog wheel covers for motocaddy fleece liner powered wheelchair wooden mute roller hamster,hedgehog electric wheelchair american golf wheel covers storm bucket wheels for sale,hedgehog powered wheelchair wheel covers for powakaddy cover exercise pet supplies accessories on,hedgehog wheel size cute pet household running on in cage stock video wheels for sale cleaning,hedgehog wheel covers for electric trolleys silent exercise rat pocket small pet different cleaning motocaddy,sonic the hedgehog wheelchair ember learning to use his wheel cleaning liner,hedgehog wheel cleaning wheelchair covers for electric trolleys pygmy wheels silent bucket with odometers,american golf hedgehog wheel covers for electric trolleys powakaddy best pygmy wheels bucket tic,hedgehog fairway protectors wheel covers powered wheelchair amazon winter kit for.
JustNoAnxiety.com respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow our Notice and Procedures for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement below.
If you believe that you hold a claim of copyright infringement against JustNoAnxiety.com, submit notice of your claim to the following Designated Agent:
A statement that you are the owner of the exclusive right you claim has been infringed, or a statement that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that has allegedly been infringed.
The identification of the copyrighted work you claim has been infringed. (If you claim that multiple copyrighted works have been infringed you can submit one notification with a list of the allegedly infringed works.)
Identification of the material that you claim to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit JustNoAnxiety.com to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit JustNoAnxiety.com to contact you, including your address, telephone number, fax number and, if available, an electronic mail address.
You can provide contact information for the owner of the exclusive right that you claim has been infringed if you are not the owner, but rather authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
A statement you have a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
JustNoAnxiety.com will respond to any DMCA complaints in a timely manner. Should you be the copyright holder of a specific piece of content featured on this site without your permission, JustNoAnxiety.com will remove it in a timely manner once notified.
justPictures is powered by WordPress. photoblog Theme theme by Fran Simó. Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS).
The men who succeed best in public life are those who take the risk of standing by their own convictions - James A. Garfield, 20th U.S. President
This file is hosted by Tripod, a Lycos®Network Site, and is not available for download. We prohibit downloading of certain file types to protect visitors from computer viruses. Please check out Tripod's Help system for more information.
Every morning at precisely 5:30, a harsh, loud rattling call of a long-tailed shrike (Lanius schach), gives us an untimely wake-up call. Standing on a branch of a tall tree just outside our first-floor bathroom, this bird is the earliest riser as it makes a quick tour of its territory. There it announces, in no uncertain terms, that this piece of land is its personal hunting ground and completely off-limits to any other member of its species. Personally, I don’t find the natural call of a shrike too unpleasant, but it certainly is a far cry from the lovely singing sound of the resident bulbuls who start their morning concerto about half an hour later.
Although the long-tailed shrike may lack the vocal finesse of other birds in the area, it more than makes up for this deficiency with its stunning looks. It is simply gorgeous! The exceptional colour gradient that turns from brown on its back to pure white on the bird’s chest is lovely to look at while the black “bandit” band that masks its eyes is a great addition to the overall visual impression. Its long tail, with alternative grey and black stripes, is lovely too. The shiny beak and a grey top of the bird’s head add to the magnificent mixture of colours and shapes few other birds in the area are lucky enough to sport.
The first time I noticed this member of the Laniidae family was just over a month ago. At first I thought it was a brown shrike, a visually similar bird which spends its summers as far north as Siberia (where it nests) before returning to the warmer zones of Taiwan and Philippines for winter. But I was wrong – this is a non-migrant shrike which is found in many parts of tropical and subtropical Asia, including Taiwan. It’s a common species, although I only noticed it recently when this particular guy decided to make our garden part of its residence.
I see the shrike frequently, throughout the day. It is a fast and silent flier, often landing sheepishly on lower branches of a tree. From there it searches the ground, looking for prey, usually earthworms or insects (although reportedly it also takes lizards and even small snakes). When it spots one, it flies to the ground at an astonishing speed, picks up the victim and almost immediately returns to the safety of the tree where it consumes the meal. As such, it is hard to photograph the lovely feathered creature, especially as it tends to hide in the foliage. I got really lucky with the above two pictures – the bird stayed on the ground for good 10 – 15 seconds before returning to the tree and I was able to take two decent photographs.
Collared Finchbill – Most Devoted Bird Parents? It's always a pleasure to discover that a new species…
This manufacturer-approved chiller bin cover (part number WP67006312) is for refrigerators.Chiller bin cover WP67006312 attaches to the top of the chiller bin and covers items placed into the bin.Follow the instructions in the owner’s manual for installing this part.
"Sears Parts Direct is the online access point for repair parts and accessories from every major brand – regardless of where it was purchased. From electronics to lawn and garden equipment, they offer genuine parts from the original manufacturers." --- Sears PartsDirect; More Details
This manufacturer-approved battery pack (part number 130279002) is for power tools.Battery pack 130279002 is the rechargeable power supply for the power tool. Replace the battery pack Read More »
This manufacturer-approved drive shaft housing (part number 753-06228) is for line trimmers.Drive shaft housing 753-06228 houses the flexible drive shaft.Wear work gloves to protect your hands Read More »
This manufacturer-approved fender kit (part number 583713501) is for lawn tractors.Fender kit 583713501 covers the rear wheels and engine compartment. The kit may include multiple parts; Read More »
This manufacturer-approved breaker point assembly (part number 33-606) is for lawn and garden equipment engines.Breaker point assembly 33-606 is a set of contacts that open and Read More »
This manufacturer-approved cutting head adapter (part number 678019002) is for line trimmers. Read More »
This manufacturer-approved wire harness (part number 692037) is for lawn and garden equipment engines.Wire harness 692037 supplies power to electrical components in the engine.Let the engine Read More »
This manufacturer-approved garage door opener (part number 54985) is the complete assembly.Follow the installation instructions that are included with the garage door opener assembly. Read More »
This manufacturer-approved O-ring (part number 5304434923) is for dishwashers.Unplug the dishwasher and shut off the water supply before installing this part. Wear work gloves to protect Read More »
This manufacturer-approved owner’s manual (part number 7333705) is for water softeners.Owner’s manual 7333705 includes use and care instructions, the manufacturer’s warranty and basic troubleshooting information. Read More »
This manufacturer-approved check valve bushing (part number SSP-490-1) is for air compressors.Check valve bushing SSP-490-1 reduces the size of the tank opening to install the check Read More »
This manufacturer-approved intake manifold assembly (part number 798860) is for lawn and garden equipment engines.Intake manifold assembly 798860 carries the air and fuel mixture to the Read More »
This manufacturer-approved power cord (part number 970777-001) is for routers.Unplug the router before installing this part. Wear work gloves to protect your hands. Read More »
On behalf of Armada Music B.V., Linkfire would like permission to set cookies in order to track campaign performance and show ads based on your interest.
The Harkov Lewis Team at Halstead Real Estate is one of the top-producing and most well respected teams at the firm, in the industry, and in the nation. Led by power brokers Ari Harkov and Warner Lewis, the team is consistently ranked in the top 250 Teams in the US by the Wall Street Journal and REAL Trends. Representing developers, individual buyers and sellers, major landlords and property owners, and tenants in the sale and lease of properties throughout NYC, the team’s extensive experience, skill set, structured and business-minded approach, discretion, and market knowledge all come together to deliver exceptional service and results that consistently exceed client expectations. The team is made up of a cohesive group of dedicated and highly trained sales, marketing, and administrative professionals driven by a set of core values and focused on delivering premier results built upon honesty and integrity. Working with a wide array of clientele from first-time homebuyers to professional athletes, celebrities, business executives, and seasoned investors on the sale and purchase of coops, condos, and townhouses throughout Manhattan and Brooklyn, the team has solidified their position amongst the preeminent residential real estate experts in the city.
In the new development arena, the Harkov Lewis Team brings a unique, hands on boutique approach that distinguishes them in the industry and has led to considerable success . The team is currently the exclusive sales and marketing team for an exciting collection of developments in Manhattan and Brooklyn . Working with developers throughout the entire development process from pre-development to sellout, Ari, Warner, and the team advise on target buyer profiles, optimal unit mix, fit and finish recommendations, unit layouts, on-site staffing requirements, pricing strategy, as well as creative marketing and branding campaigns.
Ari has developed a strong and envious reputation in the real estate industry. As a result of his hard work and dedication at Halstead Property, Ari became one of the fastest rising agents ever seen at the company. Crain’s New York Business named him as one of the top five residential brokers to watch under the age of 30 in New York City and he is an expert contributor for the Daily News with his own column. A member of the well-respected Producer’s Council, Sapphire Club, and Gold and Silver Circles at Halstead Property, Ari offers his clients a rare degree of negotiation skills, market knowledge, customer service, and sophisticated pricing and valuation expertise. Ari holds an MBA with honors from Columbia University, a BA with honors from Vassar College, is a part-owner in a bar/restaurant in Brooklyn, and is a proud resident of Park Slope.
Warner Lewis has received numerous awards and recognition for his achievements throughout his career in real estate and has become a fixture at Halstead Property. As a regular member of the prestigious Producer’s Council (top 5% of the firm), Sapphire Club, and Gold and Silver Circles at Halstead, Warner offers his clients a rare degree of personal attention and customer service that is unsurpassed. A native of New York City, Warner is intimately familiar with the intricacies of the Manhattan and Brooklyn real estate landscape and brings extensive expertise and market knowledge to his clientele. His business is based almost exclusively on referrals.
With a background in Property Management, Interior Design (High-End Residential and Private Jet) and Finance, Ashley Clark has extensive experience working with high-net worth individuals and previously managed a 1,000+ luxury rental unit portfolio in New York City. She specializes in working with buyers and also oversees the Harkov Lewis Team’s exclusive rental portfolio. Her love for real estate stems from her childhood, and now having been in the industry since 2009, she uses her exceptional customer service skills, attention to detail, and passion for building and maintaining long-lasting relationships to get the job done for her clients.
As an experienced Listing Partner and Buyer Specialist, Annie Yanovsky understands that lifestyle is two words: life and style. A New Yorker since the 1980s, Annie’s background in event planning, floral design, travel and parenting along with her intimate knowledge of the benefits of each of New York City's neighborhoods helps her to understand her clients needs and, in turn, deliver the results they deserve.
Buyer Specialist Marc Schaeffer values customer service above all else. Negotiation skills, market savvy and expertise, and access to top tier technology and the best partners in the business are all essential, but ensuring his clients' happiness is number one for Marc. Marc has 10 years of sales experience and 6 years as a licensed real estate agent working with clients ranging from first time buyers to high net worth individuals.
Kerrie Lynch has called New York City home since moving here from the Midwest after college. Starting her career in fashion, she learned how to produce effectively in a fast paced, high pressure environment working with offices in New York and Hong Kong. She then transferred those skills to a successful career in television production, consistently helping clients make their creative vision a reality, delivering projects on time and on budget.
With a great deal of tenacity and communication skills, Louie offers the highest level of customer service to his clients. His youthful energy and technological savvy combined with his integrity and creativity help him to create long-lasting relationships. Louie holds a BFA with honors from the University at Buffalo. Before he began his career in real estate, Louie had a successful career touring with multiple Broadway productions across 49 of the 50 United States and 11 countries, including performing for the Royal Family of Luxembourg.
Jack might wear a tie, but he’s definitely not a suit. Known for his creative approach to positioning new listings, finding property, and closing deals, Jack's warm and diplomatic style drives his approach. With a great track record at Halstead Real Estate, he treats every deal as unique, and always strives to over-deliver for his clients.
A native-born Brazilian, fluent in Portuguese, English, Spanish and Italian, Ana has a global outlook on Real Estate. Coming from a large Italian family who migrated to the coffee and ranching countryside of Sao Paulo State in the early 1900’s, to the urban metropolis of New York City certainly puts things in to perspective. Ana started her career in New York in public relations with the Global Consulting Group, working to promote companies such as Oi Brazil, NYSE and Banco Itau, who she later worked for directly under the President. Now a 20-year local, mom, and avid designer, Ana has selected and designed several homes in New York. Giving her a unique understanding that unrealized value of a space that can be made right by simple changes or identifying special differences in a location, have proven to be her calling card.
Kimberly Gacem is the Director of Operations for the Harkov Lewis Team. A seasoned project coordinator, manager, and creative consultant with over 15 years of experience in a variety of fields including branding, leadership training, restaurant management, and banking, Kim manages the team’s support staff and oversees the team’s operations. Kim holds a degree from DePaul University and brings a unique blend of client-focused detail, organization, and creative solutions to the Harkov Lewis Team’s clients.
Sarah is the Listing & Marketing Coordinator for the Harkov Lewis Team, managing marketing and social media for the team's properties. A University of Florida graduate, Sarah brings two years of production and media experience. Her meticulous attention to detail and creativity combine to deliver premier marketing programs for all Harkov Lewis Team clients.
As the Administrative Assistant for the Harkov Lewis Team, Emily brings years of customer service and administrative experience to the team. Emily handles condo and coop board packages and agent support for the team. She spent several years as a manager in the hospitality industry before joining the Harkov Lewis Team. Her customer service background, organizational skills, and passion for quality result in exceptional experiences for the team’s clients. Emily holds a BBA from the University of Cincinnati and recently received her MBA from Xavier University.
As a New Yorker, born and raised, Tedy has an extensive knowledge of New York City. With a cross cultural background in business development and luxury retail combined with his integrity, loyalty and professionalism he has cultivated long lasting relationships. Tedy’s acute attention to detail and proven ability to find and articulate solutions benefits his client on all levels, whether buying, selling or renting. Tedy holds a BS with honors from Roger Williams University.
In his free time Tedy enjoys playing golf, traveling internationally with his family and is an avid watch collector who collects, buys and sells.
All information is from sources deemed reliable but is subject to errors, omissions, changes in price, prior sale or withdrawal without notice. No representation is made as to the accuracy of any description. All measurements and square footages are approximate and all information should be confirmed by customer. All rights to content, photographs and graphics reserved to Halstead. Customer should consult with its counsel regarding all closing costs, including without limitation the New York State 1% tax paid by buyers on residential properties over $1 million. Halstead represents the seller/owner on Halstead's own exclusives, except if another agent of Halstead represents the buyer/tenant, in which case Halstead will be a dual agent with designated agents representing seller/owner and buyer/tenant. Halstead represents the buyer/tenant when showing the exclusives of other real estate firms. In all instances Halstead treats all parties fairly and honestly. Halstead actively supports equal housing opportunities. Terms & Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Fair Housing Policy
was 283x283 pixels. To look for some pictures by collection are on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Idee Di Immagini Da Colorare Di Spiderman here. you will get information of the picture.
I am having so much information come in, so many images and such downloading taking place there is just so much I can do to keep up with taking notes, especially at night. Why at night, eh? Why's it coming in at night?
I will be posting it on my blogs as I can manage time wise. I am seeing tremendous new come in to my life here very soon, or has it already started? Definitely in the building phase so far but it has clearly started.
I was told in 2002 that I would join forces with someone and we would do some work together (met in 2004) and then we would travel to many sacred sites / power spots together, to further activate their ancient vibration. Well, the Sedona area is magnificent, the desert outside of Sedona, the amazing and pure waters underground that bubble up above ground in some places. We sit and watch and feel these sacred energies of this water from deep under ground here deep in the desert and it does something to us, all the people who come here. That's much of what we are doing here, being. (Well, working, sure, but also being in a big way.)
From the fall of 2004 until the summer of 2006 I was in Santa Barbara where I felt the giant crystals in the ground and hillsides become massively activated. When that was done I left, cathartically. Now I am about to leave Sedona soon to go to different areas in Colorado, to do, God knows what.
A large bewildering circle comprised of many smaller circes, with rainbow colours. Causing splots before your eyes.
Argentine grain board figures show crop registrations of grains oilseeds and their products to February 11 in thousands of tonnes showing those for futurE shipments month 198687 total and 198586 total to February 12 1986 in brackets
India fishing forum for all the information you require on angling, equipment, locations and trip reports.
After my vacation to Mudumalai Wildlife Santuary last week, would like to bring some info to your attn.
During that time the fish was a plenty and you can catch the carps,fresh water eels and some other species just like that even the tribals fishing all the day along the 12 km stretch.That time there was a strict rule that no one should use nets or poison barks.Should use only hand lines.
Heard from one of my Guru last week that in the past 10 years, poisoning the river to get the fish is very frequent and the mortality rate is 100% if we use the poison in particular .
The tribes block the river on certain areas by using mud/tree bark/stones to arrest the water inflow and mix someparticular tree bark or nuts grinded into the pond.After some time all the fish will come out and they will catch even they donot know that fish is also having little bit of poison on them.
Over this 12 km stretch , 50 % of the length having big pools where they can't do anything, but the rest of length is 2-3 small streams split into and easy to block.
Inside the santuary also there is plenty of small streams which has lot of butter fish and small size of murrel family.Some of the people poisoned this streams also.
Presently I had visited some of the prime spots for the fresh water eel and there is none.As advised, because of the poisoning the fish population become lesser and lesser everyday.
My suggestion would be to allow sport fishing on the Moyar river, within the limit of the park. Guys like us on this forum could pay a fee to the Forest Dept to fish a stretch. A portion of the money could go to the tribals who poison the river, to encourage them not to do such harmful things. Also recreational anglers could pay the same tribals a 'guide' fee so they make an income off the fishing. This way it makes more 'economic' sense to the tribals to protect their river.... Also all fishing can strictly be catch and release. Maybe they could even have a tagging program..... the list is practically endless.....
Just some of my thoughts on a very relevant topic. I'm sure there'll be more posts with very helpful suggestions.... Going by the attitude the Forest Dept has regarding fishing in the Nilgiris, I really don't think much can be done regarding the future of fish stocks, native or otherwise.
But it should be done with the help /approval of the forest dept and also we are not sure howmuch they are flexible with this idea inside the santuary.
Also for the fishing, we have to go by walk which is not recomandable as there was a plent of wild elephants.
Mahseer is available on this river little further down stream and heard from some one that its all big ones.The approach is only by winch which belongs to power station at Moyar. Strictly no publics or fishermen allowed.
Tarzan King of the Jungle originally appeared in a silent black and white film starring an Indiana native. Otto Elmo Linkenhelt of Rochester, Indiana was the first to play Tarzan on the big screen. Of course, Hollywood shortened his name to Elmo Lincoln when the Hoosier actor took the Tarzan role in this 1918 film. The Fulton County Historical Society Museum keeps the actor’s legacy alive and displays other proud moments in the area’s history.
Another prominent figure featured in this educational Indiana museum is Doctor Otis Bowen. He served as Indiana’s governor and as Ronald Reagan’s cabinet secretary of health and human services. Before his career success, Dr. Bowen grew up in Fulton County, and attended Fulton County High School.
Historic people from Fulton County aren’t all there is to learn about at the Fulton County Historical Society Museum. Over a dozen other exhibits feature schools, toys, old-fashioned kitchens, transportation and even the circus. Like many central Indiana towns in the 1930s, Rochester served as a winter home to the Cole Brothers Circus. On your way up to Rochester, make a stop in Peru and visit the International Circus Hall of Fame and Museum.
The Round Barn Museum is a popular site to see in Rochester. The Fulton County Historical Society acquired a historic round barn from the nearby Bert Leedy farm in 1989. It was the last barn of its kind built in Fulton County and it dates back to 1924. Just shy of a century old, the barn has been through a lot over the years. In 1989 the roof was removed by a tornado, and that’s when it was donated and eventually transported to the Fulton County Historical Society. Donations, grants and a loan from the Historical Landmarks Fund afforded the barn’s restoration.
Fulton County Historical Society Museum is perhaps best known for its annual Trail of Courage Living History Festival. Each year a different family is honored at this Indiana event, all Potawatomi Indians. There are even informational signs on the grounds to inform visitors about this part of Indiana’s rich history. The museum also participates in a Trail of Death commemorative caravan. Native American history in Indiana can be witnessed and studied several Indiana landmarks, including the Pigeon Roost Massacre State Historic Site and the Tippecanoe Battlefield Park.
Melancholia meets Moogles when Brooklyn rockers The National combine forces with Canadian violinist Owen Pallett (formerly known as Final Fantasy) at the Murat Egyptian Room this Saturday, October 2. The National follow closely in the footsteps of New Wave bands like Joy Division and New Order, but they’ve still been able to solidify their own sound over their ten years of existence. Owen Pallett dabbles more in composition, combining elegant string arrangements with quirky synths, meandering piano lines, and his instantly recognizable, delicate falsetto. The two bands seem to be on opposite ends of the musical spectrum: one is moody and deliberate while the other delights in experimentation and musical flights of fancy. But The National and Owen Pallett share at least one thing in common: a classical background. For proof that not all classical musicians think alike, come see The National and Owen Pallett at the Old National Centre (formerly the Murat Centre) in Indianapolis on Saturday, October 2.
Video of Owen Pallett performing “Lewis Takes His Shirt Off” live; Owen Pallett will be playing with The National in Indianapolis October 2
The National was founded in Brooklyn in 1999, when old friends from the University of Cincinnati moved to New York City and joined up with a few new acquaintances still recovering from the collapse of their former band, Project Nim. The band released their eponymous debut album in 2001, and it was quickly followed by Sad Songs for Dirty Lovers, their first album with producer Peter Katis, who produced many of the band’s later records. Though The National and Sad Songs for Dirty Lovers were successes in their own right, it wasn’t until 2005’s Alligator that the band hit their stride. The album charted on many publications’ Best of the Year lists and was called one of the top albums of the 2000’s by Pitchfork. The follow up, Boxer, met with even more success; it was hailed as best album of the year by Paste magazine and many singles from Boxer appeared on TV shows. 2008’s High Violet cemented The National as one of the most critically acclaimed groups of the decade, topping sales charts around the world and leading to several live television appearances.
Video of The National performing “Bloodbuzz Ohio” live at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in 2010; The National will be playing with Owen Pallett in Indianapolis October 2
Throughout The National’s five studio releases, listeners can easily chart a progression from the band’s alt country origins to their current “indie” sounds. Each song by The National is a progression in its own right, especially on High Violet. Most songs start with a simple guitar riff, maybe a couple drum hits or two, and then the signature baritone of Matt Berninger comes in. From there, each song builds to a tremendous finale, adding guitars and synths to the mix, different rhythms and different timings, all swelling to a cluttered collage by the end. Structurally the songs don’t vary much, but the beauty of The National is in progression, how one instrument in a track supports and informs another until everything gels into a cohesive whole. It doesn’t hurt that Bryce Dessner is a classically trained guitarist who used to play with the Bang on a Can All-Stars, a New York City classical music organization. His guitar sounds and arrangements add an increasing sense of the avant garde to The National’s music.
Video of The National performing “Apartment Story” live; The National will be playing with Owen Pallett in Indianapolis October 2
Dessner isn’t the only classically trained musician taking the stage at the Old National Centre on Saturday. Owen Pallett composed his first classical piece on violin at age 13, and prior to launching Final Fantasy he penned scores for video games and movies. Pallett even wrote a commissioned piece for Bang on a Can, the same organization that The National’s Bryce Dessner used to belong to. Pallett made his solo music debut under the moniker Final Fantasy, a title he cribbed from one of his favorite video game series. He released two albums as Final Fantasy, Has a Good Home and He Poos Clouds. He Poos Clouds was far and away the most successful of the two, winning him the 2006 Polaris Music Prize (he donated the prize money to other struggling bands) and gaining attention from Indianapolis media outlets and others around the United States. In 2009, Pallett dropped the Final Fantasy moniker and released Heartland under his own name.
Video of Owen Pallett covering Joanna Newsom’s “Peach, Plum, Pear” live; Owen Pallett will be playing with The National in Indianapolis October 2
Heartland took Pallett’s music in a slightly more serious direction. His previous two releases dealt largely in veiled video game references (eight of the ten songs in He Poos Clouds directly relate to schools of magic in Dungeons and Dragons), though he still managed to include themes of death, atheism, and real estate in He Poos Clouds. The music itself is entirely unique, combining string arrangements with 8-bit synths, dribbling piano, and self replicating vocal harmonies. Pallett’s songs stop and start on a dime, some of them slowly gaining momentum, others never seeming to find a rhythm. The songs on Heartland take a more structured approach while sacrificing none of He Poos Clouds‘ endearing quirkiness. Centering around a story about a farmer discussing life, the universe, and everything with his Creator, Heartland delves into theology, self discovery, and the meaning of fantasy. Though he could most closely be compared with Indianapolis bands like Jookabox and Slothpop, Pallett really has a sound all his own.
Video interview with Owen Pallett about Heartland; Owen Pallett will be playing with The National in Indianapolis October 2
Live, The National and Owen Pallett should create an interesting night for Indianapolis nightlife. Owen Pallett utilizes a looping pedal for his violin, broadcasting different pitches to different speakers around the stage. He creates a one man performance that’s as dynamic as any of his recorded material. The National provide a more straightforward rock show, but with a sense of intimacy you don’t see in a lot of other bands their size. The natural swell of their songs can lead to some great moments on stage; any Indianapolis music fan should dig the chance to see these two bands live in an historic Indianapolis music venue. This Indianapolis event begins at 8:30 p.m. on Saturday, October 2. Tickets are just $25, a steal for two bands that usually have exorbitant ticket prices at bigger venues. To find the place where fantasy and new wave meet and mingle, head down to the Old National Centre in downtown Indianapolis to see The National and Owen Pallett perform live.
Nothing says Summer like a good old fashion cookout with tasty burgers and pleasant company. Head to one of the biggest cookouts in Indianapolis this Thursday in Indianapolis downtown. Crossroads of America hosts the Marsh Cookout on the Circle on Monument Circle on Thursday, June 16, 2011 from 11:00 am to 1:30 pm. This annual Indianapolis event supports the Scouting workership fund, which sends hundreds of deserving Scouts to local Scout camps for an adventure they will never forget. Bring enough cash to chow down on, and take pride in knowing that your lunch money is supporting a good cause.
Each year volunteer Boy Scouts and their troop leaders gather on Monument Circle to feed thousands of hungry Hoosiers. Many of the Scout volunteers on hand will benefit directly from the sales to finance their coming of age Summer through Boy Scout camps and Crossroads of America. With both corporate pre-sold tickets and walk-up tickets available, these Scouts make it easy for Indianapolis businesses and Indianapolis people alike to donate to a worthy cause.
On the menu this Thursday is a cookout feast for the ages: grilled chicken breast or bratwurst, potato salad, cookie and a drink. With all food donated by Marsh Supermarket, CEO of Marsh Supermarkets Frank Lazaran will be on hand to serve as the honorary chairman. He will speak to fundraiser goals to a VIP tent of more than 100 downtown and area business leaders, co hosted by the Indianapolis Mayor.
Purchase tickets in advance at the Scout Education and Program Center or local Marsh Supermarkets. Or show up on the day of the event with cash in hand. Consider buying a block of tickets for employees and coworkers, to boost sales for this annual Fundraiser.
With a mission to instill in young boys a thirst for knowledge, the Boy Scouts are more than a camping and outdoors club. Indianapolis kids who participate in Boy Scouts develop positive character traits, learn career development, become leaders and gain other life skills that help them make ethical choices and achieve their full potential. By participating in team building activities and individual challenges, Boy Scouts learn both camraderie and independence.
Help make this Summer the best ever for a few Boy Scouts. Head to Monument Circle and chow down on cookout favorites at the Soldiers’ and Sailors’ Monument. After work, get your happy hour on at any of these Indianapolis restaurants or Indianapolis bars. Stay tuned to FunCityFinder.com for all the latest on fun things to do in Indianapolis. We cover Indianapolis arts and Indianapolis music to Indianapolis sports and Indianapolis shopping. Get out in Indy and find come fun! Make the Circle City your playground!
Models: GL1800 2001-2005, GL1800 2006-2010, GL1800 2012-2017, Goldwing (2018+), Goldwing Tour (2018+)
Realistic and arousing, it also affirms the right of women to express their sexuality through the medium of film.
In documentary-style snippets, model and actress Mia describes what she enjoys in bed. We then watch her and chosen partner Andy as they enjoy sex together. There’s no script and no intrusive direction. Just two people in bed, doing what she likes.
Please also visit The Petra Joy Awards site for more information about the award and the screening held in Berlin on October 24, 2009
Hi there! Indigo Lush makes smart and sensual erotic films from a female perspective. Have a look around the site and see what you like or perhaps visit Bright Desire to see my films in full.
Indigo Lush is a small production company working to make quality erotic films for straight women as well as unusual or amusing short films dealing with female sexuality.
"Porn, erotica, art... call it what you like," says director Ms Naughty. "My aim is to present sex in a realistic and sensual way. I want to give priority to the female gaze in my films..."
Proventil is used for treating breathing problems in patients who have asthma or certain other airway diseases.
Good morning world. Happy Wednesday. This was so me this morning. I stayed in bed as long as possible. I figured I could quit and just sell drugs 🤷🏾‍♂️ Hope u guys have a glorious day. #goodmorning #goodmorningpost #morningmotivation #motivationalquotes #standout #bedifferent #glorious #workchronicles
Blurry yes bad quality yes but I love it 🥰 sometimes the things that we cannot see right now are just being developed for a grander picture. #patienceiskey I’m just #trusttheprocess and the #universe shall provide all my #heartsdesire so mote it be very true sooner than I think. 🥰🥰🥰🥰👁✔️®️💖2️⃣2️⃣2️⃣🌙🔙🌹🎰🔮💯🙏🏽 #goodmorning #goodmorningpost
Good Morning! People will give you as much value as you give yourself! You are royalty, Kings 👑 and queens 👑 . Don’t accept anything less! Have a great day! One Love “NB”
I’m sorry if you find this cliché or trite or basic, but what’s interesting to me is how often I see this type of mantra, and yet I can’t seem to internalize it, take it to heart, actually enact it. For as long as I can remember, I have brutally beaten myself up mentally for what I perceive as mistakes I have made. I really believed I had gotten better until fairly recently, and this time around the self-abasement not only lasted too long, but it manifested in ways so blatantly disrespectful to my body, my life. So here, I’ll play the game and post it like so many others, but I’ll post it with the hope I’ll now see it often enough to actually listen to it for once...and then again...and then again...and then again...until I’ve made it a habit ☁️ . . . . . #repost #loveyourselffirst #loveyourself #instalove #love #selfreminder #selflove #selfcare #reminder #repeat #daily #mentalhealth #kindness #bekind #behealthy #healthy #pleaseforgiveme #forgiveness #forgive #soft #wednesdaywisdom #wordsofwisdom #wordstoliveby #wednesday #wisdom #goodmorningworld #goodmorningpost #goodmorning #instamood #lookatmymind
Bent Creek Apartments Image Of Bent Creek Apartments In Bent Creek Apartments Louisville Ky – joeleonard
close reading worksheet high school the best worksheets image activities,main idea worksheets also reading grade close passages lesson plan activities, close reading activities worksheets the best image,close reading activities worksheets hamlet four soliloquy , reading comprehension worksheet high school the best worksheets on close activities, close reading activities worksheets read respond first grade friends, close reading the bundle kindergarten and first grade activities worksheets,to kill a mockingbird close reading worksheet chapter 5 act prep activities worksheets,recent free reading comprehension worksheets grade close activities, close reading activities worksheets images beds and on middle school listening.
Re: I accepted defeat in top-posting... Re: [Nolug] I have a lot to contribute to the world. Jeremy (mailing list account)
Re: I accepted defeat in top-posting... Re: [Nolug] I have a lot to contribute to the world. Ron Johnson
Re: I accepted defeat in top-posting... Re: [Nolug] I have a lot to contribute to the world. Lee S. Whatley
Re: I accepted defeat in top-posting... Re: [Nolug] I have a lot to contribute to the world. Jerry Wilborn
Re: I accepted defeat in top-posting... Re: [Nolug] I have a lot to contribute to the world. B. Estrade
Re: I accepted defeat in top-posting... Re: [Nolug] I have a lot to contribute to the world. Techmaster
Re: I accepted defeat in top-posting... Re: [Nolug] I have a lot to contribute to the world. Ben Bullard
I will never accept defeat (was Re: I accepted defeat in top-posting... Re: [Nolug] I have a lot to contribute to the world.) Mark A. Hershberger
I accepted defeat in top-posting... Re: [Nolug] I have a lot to contribute to the world. Ron Johnson
atelier HUCK FISHER expresses the distinct yet collaborative style of two artists: Laura Fisher and Christopher Huck.
Each of their work is informed by artists of the past as well as contemporary expressions; their original metal designs and sculptures combine extraordinary craftsmanship with contemporary design.
Coincident with the opening of their studio and gallery, hf contemporary, in Oaxaca, Mexico ( www.hfcontemporary.com ), Christopher Huck and Laura Fisher have each embarked on new explorations in oil and mixed-media fine art paintings and sculptures, informed by the forms, colors, and rich culture of Mexico's southwest.
Sports Revenue Analytics veteran Troy Kirby interviews the team behind the teams in Front Offices and Athletics Departments throughout the world, revealing an industry of specialists and minds unseen by the local or national media. Examined in this podcast are current or long-standing industry topics; tickets, business, analytics, moneyball, revenue, finance, economy, sales and jobs of the NCAA, NFL, MLB, NBA, and NHL. Also included are topics surrounding third party vendors, sports business, revenue, marketing, mentoring interns, facilities, managing employees, as well as how to not only break into sports, but stay in the industry long-term. The often-invisible side of the industry is where the Tao of Sports Podcast attempts to pull back the elusive curtain, providing information both to industry insiders and those who want to work in sports.
Fan experience is one of the main reasons on why people renew or decline to attend live events. Brian Crow’s Gameday Consulting helps teams such as the NFL’s Buffalo Bills, reinvest itself in fan engagement. That means from top to bottom, every touch-point of a fan’s game experience is measured for quality and customer service. As a professor at Slippery Rock, Crowd also talks about the saturation point of sports management degrees throughout the nation’s universities and the fall-out of being book smart, but not game smart in terms of the industry’s future leaders. Twitter: @GameDayBrian
When you have the courage to deal with the perform on your own, The task may possibly just take several months to accomplish, so you might require to Are living with no kitchen for a great percentage of that time.
Like a homeowner, the following query you should request when preparing for just a kitchen remodel is just how long you propose to Stay as part of your home with the time of the remodel. If you intend to sell your home shortly after the remodel, you should not commit a lot of income on it. The guideline is that you should commit in between 5 and fifteen per cent in their home's whole price on your own kitchen remodel. Here is the optimum range for homeowners to spend and be expecting to recoup through a home's resale.
In case you are seriously adventurous and possess the wall or flooring Place in your home or condo to get it done, you can knock out the wall and cupboard Area. You can even Merge the kitchen and dining area Room into a person transitional remodeled kitchen space that flows collectively, instead of using a bar or tall wall individual the two from one another.
Combined with the decision of components, homeowners could also select person countertop edges, colors, and dimensions. Whilst seamless supplies such as granite will include a lot more price and are generally much more strong, Formica and other options can be cheaper.
Your pricing information is absolute NON-Perception!!! The concept that the average Price to remodel a kitchen in Warren, NJ is $25k is so RIDICULOUS!!!!! Only to get reasonably priced, semi-tailor made Kraftmaid cupboards is going to be virtually that A lot!
With the subsequent stage, the kitchen will start out the transition from a fight-zone into something that appears like a kitchen.
We’ll take your input best granite countertop contractors and turn it right into a structure that completely captures your Suggestions. We’ll also consist of our own twists, like updates and factors that reap the benefits of the most up-to-date elements, products, and developments.
You will find all kinds of kitchen appliances that were Licensed by EnergyStar: fridges, dishwashers, mild bulbs and freezers.
Early on within your preparing, confront the two-portion reality of the kitchen remodeling challenge: the logistics of your do the job alone, plus the expenditure concerned.
The initial step in analyzing kitchen renovation estimates is looking at your kitchen in general. Before you decide to get towards the scaled-down questions, which include regardless of whether to reface your cabinets or exchange them, talk to your self the massive queries. What Are you interested in from your kitchen? How Would you like it to glance and function? Is the dimensions and configuration right?
Start by asking oneself what persistent problems you knowledge along with your present-day kitchen. Can it be a make a difference of way too minimal Area to cook properly?
In case sources tell me your kitchen isn’t what you wish it to become, you’ve come to the ideal spot. Irrespective of whether the trouble is always that a lack of counter space helps make making ready meals tough, You should keep 50 % within your dishes in storage for the reason that there isn’t more than enough cabinet Place, your kitchen isn’t up to your requirements in terms of Electricity efficiency is anxious or your kitchen only appears out-of-date, the pros at Daniels Design and style & Remodeling have what it takes to assist you to design and style your desire kitchen.
Kitchen designers: Kitchen designers staffed at home enhancement firms or at kitchen design retailers normally layout your kitchen totally free. Even so, they're going to More.. steer you to their very own distributors and also to their browse this website own personal perform crews.
Vadim and his crew really created our vision arrive at fruition. We wanted to update our kitchen but Vadim labored with us to remodel it for just a bit more cash. We were being able to get new cabinets and Wooden glance porcelain tile flooring.
stonebridge plaza is probably my favorite of them at them moment since its already under construction and its a really interesting design.
i like that a lot of these projects are "filling the voids" throughout the city, a lot of these will make cleveland more connected to the various neighborhoods within the city.
"The destructive effects of automobiles are much less a cause than a symptom of our incompetence at city building" - Jane Jacobs 1961ish
Haven't posted in a long time but I still check out what's happening on the forums. It's about time the Pinnacle has been completed.
I think the Stonebridge development has to be one of the best projects to happen to the Ohio City/Flats West Bank area in a long time. It has really changed that area in a positive way.
I like the idea for the Avenue District. It will finally fill in the multitudes of empty space that has been forgotten since Erieview first changed the area. Too bad the twin towers that were once proposed behind the Tower at Erieview didn't pan out.
As for the East Side Transit Center, wouldn't it have been better to place it somewhere closer to Public Square like at around W.3 and Superior? Since majority of the RTA bus lines converge at the square anyway, to me it would have made more sense instead of by CSU. Plus I think that design would have fit in with the Warehouse District.
This link to the Cleveland Lakefront Development has to be the most comprehensive plan ever developed for Cleveland. It looks great for Cleveland and finally recognize Cleveland's greatest resource! I love how it seems all American cities are returning to center city.
Great thread! I was just in Cleveland last week for a long weekend to visit my sister in-law who will be graduating from Case Western soon. I walked passed that Music center project. Lookes like they are converting a 70s era ish blah building into something really modern and cool.
Glad you enjoyed it - although Coventry is technically in Cleveland Heights which is one of the adjacent streetcar suburbs. If you remember the hill in Little Italy (which is mostly in Cleveland proper), once you're at the top - you're in Cleveland Heights. But yes, the new Cleveland Institute of Music is a big change from that 70s blah building
Cool thanks for the info, I wondered where the line was. I actually stayed on Muraay Hill rd at the bottom of that hill. Love all those cool art shops and gallerys on that rd, have to wonder how they stay in business with such high prices but thats art for you. Kind of reminds me a little of South Street Here in Philly.
Here's a link to a video produced by the Greater Cleveland Partnership - it shows a lot of the projects plus uses Google Earth to show where they are. Check it out http://www.webcastgroup.com/webcast/...WebcastID=2190
It's still on the boards, though it may be a while before it rises because of the Euclid Corridor Project. It'd be hard to navigate construction material for the tower when the street is all dug up.
April 15, 2006 update - pics for Cleveland Museum of Art, Cleveland Clinic Heart Center, and Cleveland Institute of Music.
Two updates on April 25, the Gospel Press building redevelopment in Tremont, and the redevelopment of Valleyview Homes.
What do you think about the current situation regarding Scott Wolstein's plan for the Flats East Bank? Seems like the owners are going to fight the eminent domain proposal.
The problem is that the Supreme Court's recent decision regarding eminent domain will mean the property owners will be fighting an uphill battle. Also, some of them asked to have their property taxes lowered because of the area losing value. Now, they're asking for more money for their parcel? It doesn't add up and puts a lot of weight in Wolstein's argument.
I have added new One Direction photoshoot pictures for their debut perfume, Our Moment to the gallery. Check them out below!
In a time when beauty is defined by supermodels, success is defined by wealth, and fame is deified by how many followers you have on social media, Lizzie Velasquez asks the question how do you define yourself? Once labeled, "The Worlds Ugliest Woman," Lizzie decided to turn things around and create her own definitions of what she defines as beauty and happiness.
In the spirit of ideas worth spreading, TEDx is a program of local, self-organized events that bring people together to share a TED-like experience. At a TEDx event, TEDTalks video and live speakers combine to spark deep discussion and connection in a small group. These local, self-organized events are branded TEDx, where x = independently organized TED event. The TED Conference provides general guidance for the TEDx program, but individual TEDx events are self-organized.* (*Subject to certain rules and regulations)
Daphne Bavelier studies how humans learn -- in particular, how the brain adapts to changes in experience, either by nature (for example, deafness) or by training (for example, playing video games). At her lab, her work shows that playing fast-paced, action-packed entertainment video games typically thought to be mind-numbing actually benefits several aspects of behavior. Exploiting this counterintuitive finding, her lab now investigates how new media, such as video games, can be leveraged to foster learning and brain plasticity.
When game designer Jane McGonigal found herself bedridden and suicidal following a severe concussion, she had a fascinating idea for how to get better. She dove into the scientific research and created the healing game, SuperBetter. In this moving talk, McGonigal explains how a game can boost resilience -- and promises to add 7.5 minutes to your life.
A teacher, writer and member of the Kenyan parliament, Joseph Lekuton has an inspiring vision for Kenya.
Born into a Maasai tribe in Northern Kenya, Joseph Lekuton was chosen to attend a missionary boarding school as a child -- sometimes walking 50 miles during vacations to find and rejoin his nomadic family. He won a scholarship to St. Lawrence University, then attended Harvard, and worked as a writer and history teacher in Virginia. He was named a National Geographic Energing Explorer for his work in sharing the culture of Kenya with America, including efforts to share educational resources with nomadic children through the BOMA Fund and Cows for Kids.
In 2006, after a plane crash killed five members of the Kenyan parliament, Lekuton decided to return to Kenya and stand for election to fill the seat in his region. He won a parliamentary seat in the 2006 by-election, and was a member of the winning party in the December 2007 elections -- the results of which continue to be contested throughout Kenya.
"In his first year in office, [Lekuton] compiled an impressive record. He channeled public funds to construct schoolrooms and boreholes for wells, lured Western development agencies to his constituency, mediated between ethnic groups in the region that have been clashing over livestock-grazing rights and access to water and distributed some of his ample salary to pay school fees and health-care costs for the indigent." New York Times Magazine
Brené Brown is a research professor at the University of Houston Graduate College of Social Work. She has spent the past ten years studying vulnerability, courage, authenticity, and shame. She spent the first five years of her decade-long study focusing on shame and empathy, and is now using that work to explore a concept that she calls Wholeheartedness. She poses the questions:
How do we learn to embrace our vulnerabilities and imperfections so that we can engage in our lives from a place of authenticity and worthiness? How do we cultivate the courage, compassion, and connection that we need to recognize that we are enough – that we are worthy of love, belonging, and joy?
"Brené Brown is an absolute legend. This is groundbreaking - not in terms of peoples awareness of these subjects and what they mean... But in these messages enhanced communication made accessible to a wider audience on this level. I have a jumbled up jigsaw in front of me with pieces I've been putting together my whole life- and Brene Brown has just connected so many pieces. This makes so much﻿ sense on so many levels. Really awesome stuff. I will watch this a few times and recommend it to people!" jakesandersonaudio on YouTube
Brene Brown's thought & speech is very inspiring. I have learned a lot from her talk & I would recommend it to others. The following are some of her quotes:
“If you put shame in a Petri dish, it needs three things to grow exponentially: secrecy, silence and judgment.”
Deb Roy studies how children learn language, and designs machines that learn to communicate in human-like ways. On sabbatical from MIT Media Lab, he's working with the AI company Bluefin Labs.
MIT researcher Deb Roy wanted to understand how his infant son learned language -- so he wired up his house with videocameras to catch every moment (with exceptions) of his son's life, then parsed 90,000 hours of home video to watch "gaaaa" slowly turn into "water." Astonishing, data-rich research with deep implications for how we learn.
Deb Roy directs the Cognitive Machines group at the MIT Media Lab, where he studies how children learn language, and designs machines that learn to communicate in human-like ways. To enable this work, he has pioneered new data-driven methods for analyzing and modeling human linguistic and social behavior. He has authored numerous scientific papers on artificial intelligence, cognitive modeling, human-machine interaction, data mining, and information visualization.
Deb Roy was the co-founder and serves as CEO of Bluefin Labs, a venture-backed technology company. Built upon deep machine learning principles developed in his research over the past 15 years, Bluefin has created a technology platform that analyzes social media commentary to measure real-time audience response to TV ads and shows.
In a culture where being social and outgoing are prized above all else, it can be difficult, even shameful, to be an introvert. But, as Susan Cain argues in this passionate talk, introverts bring extraordinary talents and abilities to the world, and should be encouraged and celebrated.
Susan Cain is a former corporate lawyer and negotiations consultant -- and a self-described introvert. At least one-third of the people we know are introverts, notes Cain in her new book Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking. Although our culture undervalues them dramatically, introverts have made some of the great contributions to society – from Chopin's nocturnes to the invention of the personal computer to Gandhi’s transformative leadership. Cain argues that we design our schools, workplaces, and religious institutions for extroverts, and that this bias creates a waste of talent, energy, and happiness. Based on intensive research in psychology and neurobiology and on prolific interviews, she also explains why introverts are capable of great love and great achievement, not in spite of their temperaments -- but because of them.
Body language affects how others see us, but it may also change how we see ourselves. Social psychologist Amy Cuddy shows how "power posing" -- standing in a posture of confidence, even when we don't feel confident -- can affect testosterone and cortisol levels in the brain, and might even have an impact on our chances for success.
Spiral Dynamics is a theory of human development introduced in the 1996 book Spiral Dynamics by Don Beck and Chris Cowan. The book was based on the theory of psychology professor Clare W. Graves.
Don Beck is an American management consultant and co-author (with Chris Cowan) of the book Spiral Dynamics.Beck has elaborated upon the work of his mentor, Clare Graves, to develop a multidimensional model for understanding the transformation of human values and cultures. As cofounder of the National Values Center in Denton, Texas, and CEO of the Spiral Dynamics Group, Inc., Beck travels widely, teaching the theory and practical applications of Spiral Dynamics.
Thats nice colours & a wonderful explanation which i have ever read & understood. This theory makes us understand how we have evolved to our present self, and lot more. I'll post some videos regarding it, so its easy for understanding rather than going through it as text.
I personally believe, information in vdeo content is easy to appreciate & hence i used a lot of videos which enlightened me on this topic of spiral dynamics. I have shared it so that u can enjoy it too.
Disclaimer: We shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the usage of any information obtained from this web site.
Dear Sir, More than 10 crore indians actively use Indian Railways as a mode of travel. A large of part of this population uses railways...
when an incident like mumbra happens, then our government wakes up from their sleep and doing political stunt announce for compensation, but why and how...
We no longer live in an era where four wheeler are used to just roam in and around the city. We frequently move to cities...
Savarkar underwent a serious metamorphosis during his years in jail in the Andamans between 1911 and 1921. He subjected himself to the British and pleaded...
The recent inhumane act of Pak army entering Indian soil captivating and killing two Indian soldiers .. not only this .. both soldiers cut into...
I was close my pf account before 4 year my pf account number is : MH/44796/535. I request for the withdrawal the money for...
Shri Ghulam Nabi Azad Honorable Minister of Health and family Welfare, Government of India, New Delhi Respected Sir, This is regarding the committee formed...
there must be a rule that the person want to be a politician should not marry he should not have any other assests any other...
Vice president of India should be lokpal and the state governers should be Lokayukta. In this way these designations will have more purposeful duty and...
If anna is establishing his new party then he should recruit people like below mentioned 1) Retired IAS officers (Secretaries of chief ministers of states)...
To, The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting India Advertisements have a strong influence on our life and surrogate advertisements of tobacco and liquor products are...
Featured Artist Kate Gray, is a watercolor artist from Columbia, Missouri. Her work in two-dimensional watercolor takes a literal leap into another dimension as she explores the sculptural 3-D aspects of paper. Visit Kate in her studio and also in an Art Gallery Show.
The second issue of INDIE ARTS: The DVD Magazine takes you to Southern California with On-Location pieces in San Diego and Santa Ana. Meet Nicole Steiman, ARTBar business owner, Leslie Perlis who is an award winning glass artist and watercolor artist Sinclair Stratton who specializes in animal paintings.
In the Art Gallery, explore mixed media assemblage, art dolls created by young artists and a fun group show of art tags.
Phoenix Forrester, a silversmith from the Southwest speaks about her art and love of the hunt for wonderful vintage pieces to work with. Artists Claudine Hellmuth and Keely Barham takes us on a shopping adventure to find inspiration for their work in a fun art-diversion! Issue 2 is filled with wonderful people and great ideas.
This Viewing Guide was created to give you a feel for the content. Each issue will have a Viewing Guide posted here at IndieArtsDVD.com, and past issues will be archived for your convenience. The DVD will be set up in a familiar way with “Play Movie” and “Scene Selection” options. We hope you enjoy viewing as much as we have enjoyed creating this experience.
Times of Judgment, the sixth novel of seven in the End Times Saga, goes through the last three and a half years of the seven year Tribulation Period. The world leader gets "assassinated" and Lucifer teams up with him shortly before he's "resurrected" to become the Anti-Christ. They begin persecuting Israel and the one hundred and forty four thousand witnesses for Christ as the Bowls of Wrath are poured out and more of God's judgments are unleashed on the unredeemed of Earth. Everything leads up to the final battle between Lucifer's forces and God at Armageddon.
I'm a Christian, I live in Texas. I have two BA's and a Technical Writing Certificate from University of North Texas. I have published sixteen novels.
Copyright© 2018 Achilles Art LLC. All brand names and product names used on this website are trade names, service marks, trademarks, or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Furthermore, no mentioned product or brand endorses this website. indiebooklounge.com is in no way affiliated, sponsored or in any way the property of or responsibility of Google.com. Google®, Amazon®, Amazon.com, Kindle®, Barnes&Noble®, bn.com, PubIt®, Nook®, or smashwords.com other than standard reseller and/or affiliate agreements. Updated 01-19-2016 (Server Version 2.1).
* All information on books presented is the responsibility of the author / submittter to Indie Book Lounge (IBL). IBL is not resonsible for inaccuracies in the title, description, price, links, etc. for books listed. Please direct all inquiries regarding books listed to their respective author.
It’ no secret the power that lies within the hearts and minds of us women. We have been the authors of and catalysts for historic movement and monumental change since the beginning…
Dress code is Upscale-Casual; button down collared shirts and dress shoes for gentlemen. No baseball hats, tennis shoes, or open-toed shoes for men.
More than 60,000 square feet, a rooftop patio overlooking the lights of Las Vegas, an ultra pool-club and the best DJs from around the world. Marquee Nightclub & Dayclub secures top international house music DJs as residents, and if one's taste is not in house music, Marquee... read more
More than 60,000 square feet, a rooftop patio overlooking the lights of Las Vegas, an ultra pool-club and the best DJs from around the world. Marquee Nightclub & Dayclub secures top international house music DJs as residents, and if one's taste is not in house music, Marquee also offers the 'Boom Box' as a mixed-format area, and 'The Library', a discreet VIP hideaway. With vast glass window-walls overlooking the famous Las Vegas Strip, guests will enjoy a nightlife experience, unlike any other venue.
We thought a few new pictures might make some of you waiting for Euro Truck Simulator 2 to be released happy ;-).
We would like to conclude this blog entry by a disclaimer - we really won't be able to put every feature that you guys dream of into the game. We would love to, and if you keep buying our games so that we can afford to continue developing truck sims, future versions of our games will be of course more and more feature packed. There is now a solid chance that doubles may make it into Euro Truck Simulator 2 as you can see - but for some things, we may have to be patient until Euro Truck Simulator 3, or American Truck Simulator 1, or whatever future may have in store for us...
Check for weak spots where a thief could get into your garden, for example, a low or sagging fence, or a back gate with a weak lock.
A thorny hedge along the boundary of your property can put thieves off. But make sure that passers-by can still see the front of your home so that a burglar can't work without being seen.
Gates, fencing, walls orhedges should not be more than 1 metre high so that the front of your property can be seen by passers-by.
Rear gardens should havefencing at least six feet high. Trellis work on top of fencing panels is not only decorative, it is also difficult to climb over as it breaks easily and noisily.
Garden gates should beat least the same height and strength as your fencing with hinges securely attached to the gateposts. Locks/padlocks should be of good quality with concealed screws.
Garden sheds should bekept locked - with a padlock or mortise deadlock as they often contain tools suitable for breaking into your home and valuable equipment such as lawnmowers.
Do not leave ladders lying around as a burglar might use it to climb into an upstairs window. Keep them locked in a garage or shed, or chained to a wall.
Secure garden furniture and wheelie bins so that they cannot be used to climb on to gain access to upstairs windows.
Do not leave tools,gardening equipment or debris lying around in the garden to be used to smash windows.
Install security lights to illuminate your garden - they can help deter thieves. (These are two types available; lights fitted with sodium tubes that come on automatically during the hours of darkness and turn themselves off when it gets light, or lights operated by sensors that come on when movement is detected)
The planting of a prickly hedge, such as firethorn, climbing rose or hawthorn, against existing fencing will act as a powerful deterrent. More information about plants that can help protect your property is available on our website.
Do not use barbed wire,razor wire or broken glass - you could be held legally responsible for any injuries caused. Prickle strips are a legal and safer alternative to the traditional use of gripper rods and glass on exterior walls and fences. It can be bought relatively cheaply on the Internet and comes in a variety ofcolours.
We are frequently asked by customers, as to if they need planning permission for putting their Asgar...
Find your shed, leave us your review and we'll enter you into our monthly prize draw for £25 Wiggle vouchers!
Here you should find answers to the most commonly asked questions about all our high quality products.
A shed is an important part of your garden with Halloween coming up, why not make the most of the Ho...
* Orders to Scottish Highlands, remote areas of England and some areas of Wales will incur additional delivery costs
Our customers always no best! When Dave ordered his motorcycle storage garage he chose not to but a concrete base down. Instead he chose to use wooden batons - we don't recommend this - but it worked for him.
Thanks for the unit. It's great, as for a review. Well what can I say? It is absolutely amazing! As I said this is for keeping my bike in at the office rather than home, so security is really important asthe offices are unoccupied at night.
As you know I ordered by email. All was well, you advised me to put down a concrete base rather than the loose chippings that are already in our yard. Of course I knew better.
I have actually used some sheets of seasoned timber levelledwith a bit of concrete and they work absolutely fine. The unit is dead level with no movement.
The build itself was really easy for me, I got the lads in the office to do it for me! It took about an hour or so and went it smoothly. The instructions were nice and clear, nice big pictures and easy to follow bullet points. You definitely need a power screw driver though, there must be a million screws in it.
The locking handle feels sturdy and a proper key and lock is a reassuring plus (I really don't like the padlocks available on similar products) The internal door bolts feel really strong, if anything perhaps over kill? The doors are so heavy I can't imagine anyone forcing them open. On the subject of heavy, just a note. The roof is really heavy, it was a tough choice between putting it together on the floor and lifting the whole lot on or putting it together on the unit. We went for option 1. Three of us together. The rest of the unit feels bomb proof, there is no give in it at all and all the holes lined up.
The shelf and helmet rack is a nice touch, the vented side too, though I can't imagine I would be sat in there with the engine on long enough to need it! Another nice touch is the subfloor. I expected just the metal floor, but the tyre friendly subfloor is a good effort, this will absorb any oil leaks better than straight onto the metal (potentially slippy).
Your brand identifies you. Our mission is to create an exciting first impression. Thanks to thoughtful and personalized planning, FINE will tell you the best, most reasonable solutions for your brand. We believe that in a crowded market, simplicity is often required to help your message stand out. A well thought out messaging, performed in an elegant and understandable way, can create a sense of confidence, trust, value and commitment in your brand.
Uniqueness is much more than just a logo. These are all elements that visually represent the brand. The name, logo, style, fonts, colors, images, icons and illustrations are all that visually distinguish your business from competing companies in the minds of consumers. Well-designed and creative POS-materials can be an effective and powerful way of interacting with your target customer.
If you are looking for the perfect packaging and label design , style, logo or brand book, contact us today!
“Fate is like a strange, unpopular restaurant filled with odd little waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like.”
“Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.”
“Some people are like Slinkies. They aren't really good for anything, but they still bring a smile to my face when I push them down a flight of stairs.”
“Getting an education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease. It made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on.”
“Character is like a tree and reputation its shadow. The shadow is what we think it is and the tree is the real thing.”
“To argue with a man who has renounced the use and authority of reason, and whose philosophy consists in holding humanity in contempt, is like administering medicine to the dead, or endeavoring to convert an atheist by scripture.”
“He'd felt like a jack-o-lantern for the past few days, as if his guts had been yanked out with a fork and dumped in a heap while a grinning smile stayed plastered on his face.”
“Delly lost her temper at Peeta over how he treated you. She got very squeaky. It was like someone stabbing a mouse with a fork repeatedly.”
“A good speech should be like a woman's skirt; long enough to cover the subject and short enough to create interest.”
“Today was a very cold and bitter day, as cold and bitter as a cup of hot chocolate, if the cup of hot chocolate had vinegar added to it and were placed in a refrigerator for several hours.”
“Deciding whether or not to trust a person is like deciding whether or not to climb a tree because you might get a wonderful view from the highest branch or you might simply get covered in sap and for this reason many people choose to spend their time alone and indoors where it is harder to get a splinter.”
“Normal, in our house, is like a blanket too short for a bed--sometimes it covers you just fine, and other times it leaves you cold and shaking; and worst of all, you never know which of the two it's going to be.”
“Telling someone about what a symbol means is like telling someone how music should make them feel.”
“I wonder which is preferable, to walk around all your life swollen up with your own secrets until you burst from the pressure of them, or to have them sucked out of you, every paragraph, every sentence, every word of them, so at the end you're depleted of all that was once as precious to you as hoarded gold, as close to you as your skin - everything that was of the deepest importance to you, everything that made you cringe and wish to conceal, everything that belonged to you alone - and must spend the rest of your days like an empty sack flapping in the wind, an empty sack branded with a bright fluorescent label so that everyone will know what sort of secrets used to be inside you?”
GSL Journal of Medicine and Medical Sciences aimed at enhancing the professional competence of health professionals, as well as in the introduction of innovations and advanced treatment methods in medical practice. This platform is open to researchers, doctors, scientists in medical sciences and medical education and students in both medical and allied health sciences.
As far back as the days of Gutenberg’s invention of the printing press or Henry Ford’s implementation of the assembly line, businesses have had to adapt to the introduction of new technologies; what’s happening today with the rapid advancement and acceptance of technology is nothing new. (Check out this infographic from GroSocial for a quick history lesson.)
Getting started shouldn't be daunting. Generally, you'll know right away whether you like a user interface (UI) or not, and most of the contenders we reviewed offer free trials so you can poke around before dropping any cash. Luckily, most of these services have modern-looking graphics and uncluttered layouts. These are not the complex business software UIs of yesterday. Be careful, though, as some free trials require a credit card. This means you need to be sure to cancel your trial before you're billed if you're not happy with the service.
Use it to promote up-sells/cross-sells. You can even set up an autoresponder sequence for someone after they purchase and get repeat customers. Depending on the products you sell, you could offer an upsell, or cross sell related products. For example, if someone buys a digital camera, you can offer to add a lens, a tripod, and other accessories to their order before it ships. Or, if you sell products that people buy frequently (like food or disposable items, like diapers), you can automatically send them offers for new items when you know they’re about due for another order.
Don't use CTAs to drive people to your homepage, for instance. Even if your CTA is about your brand or product (and perhaps not an offer like a download), you should still be sending them to a targeted landing page that's relevant to what they are looking for and includes an opt-in form. If you have the opportunity to use a CTA, send them to a page that will convert them into a lead.
Marketing Automation is now a mature marketing technique, but across businesses many of the available tools are not fully exploited. Learn how to improve your marketing across the customer lifecycle by successfully leveraging B2B and B2C marketing automation techniques. Through B2B and B2C business cases, you will learn: how to review their current marketing automation maturity, how to prioritise their future investments in the year ahead, how to map their current approach against different customer touchpoints to identify new techniques.
Building any real, successful business takes time. Nurturing your social network presence, crafting a solid email marketing campaign, diligently working on creating and producing quality content–all of these tasks require a significant amount of time and focus. You’ll expend energy, but you have to move out of your comfort zone to achieve results – particularly when it comes to building your lead generation campaign.
Email marketing is one of the most cost-effective ways to promote your business, whether your goal is to build your brand or sell more stuff. Our field guide provides everything you need to know to make the most of this platform. Learn how to create an email marketing plan, design effective emails, and test them. Then discover the power of automation and how to measure the success of your emails.
Attention scarcity is driving a shift from “rented attention” to “owned attention”. Historically, most marketing has been about renting attention other people have built. An example of this would be if you purchased an ad in a magazine or rented a tradeshow booth. But in the noisy, crowded market that today’s buyers live in, rented attention becomes less effective as attention becomes even scarcer. Of course, this is not an either-or proposition; you will ideally use a mix of rented vs. owned attention for your lead generation efforts to be affective. https://cdn0.tnwcdn.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/1/files/2015/05/emailcampaign-1200x639.jpg
About the Author: Barry Feldman operates Feldman Creative and provides clients content marketing strategies that rock and creative that rolls. Barry has recently been named a Top 40 Digital Strategist by Online Marketing Institute and one of 25 Social Media Marketing Experts You Need to Know by LinkedIn. Visit Feldman Creative and his blog, The Point.
Step Three: Following that, an average of ten to nineteen emails are then automatically sent to the subscriber, most often with several days between each email send. The further the sequence gets, the longer the space between emails is. For example, within the first three or four auto responder emails, there may only be a day or two between each email send.However, as you get into the latter emails, it is common to leave a week between email sends so as not to encourage the subscriber to become frustrated and mark you as spam or unsubscribe from future mailings.
While inbound marketing is getting a lot of buzz, a well-rounded marketing mix should include both inbound and outbound marketing strategies. Inbound works for broad lead generation activities, but outbound is good to amplify your inbound efforts, and target specific opportunities. So what exactly is outbound marketing? It’s using outbound channels to introduce your message and content to your prospects, typically through rented attention, rather than making your content and messages availableon your own properties.
Another great post, Neil. And the timing couldn’t be any better – cuz I’m currently working on getting my web tech startup off the ground – http://irememba.com and we just finalized the Mockup for our Pre Launch Signup Landing Page and were playing around with Confirmation Page and Autoresponder copies. Some very good insights for me to keep in the back of my head.
Did you know that 74% of companies that weren’t exceeding revenue goals didn't know their visitor, lead, MQL, or sales opportunities numbers? How about that over 70% of companies not achieving their revenue goals generate fewer than 100 leads per month, and only 5% generate more than 2,500 leads per month? These are just a few examples of what you’ll find in the report.
With the vast majority of leads failing to convert to sales, companies can’t afford to abandon prospects when they fail to become buyers. By nurturing these leads—providing them with the right information based on who and where they are in the buying process—Modern Marketers can directly improve sales success. By implementing a formal strategy for lead nurturing, instituting nurturing programs, and following the best practices outlined here, you can begin reaping the benefits of lead nurturing today. Based on the Grande Guide to Lead Nurturing.
Landing Pages - The best lead generation tool of all is your product. If you have a compelling product that solves a major pain point, visitors will want to provide their contact information even without any incentives. Presenting your product in the most attractive way is often done through landing pages or sales pages, which help educate and convert prospective customers. Landing page optimization is the key to making sure you are getting the most out of these pages.
In our email marketing software review roundup, we test the top email marketing tools available based on how easy it is to create emails, build subscriber lists, set auto-responders, and pull in other communication-based tools, such as social media management and web analytics software. To that end, we selected Campaigner and MailChimp as the best pure-play email marketing services. If you need a more complex tool that can build comprehensive workflows designed to automate the email marketing process, then we recommend HubSpot and Pardot, which are better served as marketing automation tools.
BoFu: Leads at the bottom of the funnel need your product/service. They’re past the education stage, they know exactly what you can give them, and now you’re making a clear pitch. This is the right time to offer a trial, demo, or a discount and bring them into your business. The leads that get to this stage are way fewer than those who step into the funnel, so make sure you offer maximum value here.
Autoresponder allows you to easily map out and automate processes in order to engage leads quicker while also making day-to-day communication more efficient. With Autoresponder, you are able to use a variety of drag-and-drop elements to create workflows automatically to determine which messages are sent and when exactly they are sent. Once you have a workflow structure set up with all the elements and delays required, you are able to create and customize content for each of the email messages using a drag-and-drop editor to create custom, appealing emails for each lead.
Leads may come from various sources or activities, for example, digitally via the Internet, through personal referrals, through telephone calls either by the company or telemarketers, through advertisements, and events. A 2015 study found that 89% of respondents cited email as the most-used channel for generating leads, followed by content marketing, search engine, and finally events.[2] A study from 2014 found that direct traffic, search engines, and web referrals were the three most popular online channels for lead generation, accounting for 93% of leads.[3]
Purchased lists are ineffective, and they impact everyone else who uses Mailchimp, too. If you send emails to a list of people whose contact info you bought, many of the emails will get identified as spam. Some spam filters will flag a campaign if anyone with the same IP has sent spam in the past. When you use Mailchimp, your email is delivered through our servers, so if one person sends spam, it could prevent other users’ emails from reaching inboxes. But by forbidding Mailchimp users from using purchased lists, we increase deliverability for everyone.
When a new approach to marketing takes marketers by storm, some marketers make the mistake of moving into new strategies full force, leaving methods that have worked well in the past smoldering in the dust. The best marketing campaigns use several marketing forms simultaneously. The key to maximizing results with every effort is to know your purpose, target the right customers and learn from your results.
‘After being in relationship with Wilson for seven years,he broke up with me, I did everything possible to bring him back but all was in vain, I wanted him back so much because of the love I have for him, I begged him with everything, I made promises but he refused. I explained my problem to someone online and she suggested that I should contact a spell caster that could help me cast a spell to bring him back but I am the type that don’t believed in spell, I had no choice than to try it, I meant a spell caster called Dr Zuma zuk and I email him, and he told me there was no problem that everything will be okay before three days, that my ex will return to me before three days, he cast the spell and surprisingly in the second day, it was around 4pm. My ex called me, I was so surprised, I answered the call and all he said was that he was so sorry for everything that happened, that he wanted me to return to him, that he loves me so much. I was so happy and went to him, that was how we started living together happily again. Since then, I have made promise that anybody I know that have a relationship problem, I would be of help to such person by referring him or her to the only real and powerful spell caster who helped me with my own problem and who is different from all the fake ones out there. Anybody could need the help of the spell caster, his email: spiritualherbalisthealing@gmail.com or call Whatsapp him +2349055637784 you can email him if you need his assistance in your relationship or anything. CONTACT HIM NOW FOR SOLUTION TO ALL YOUR PROBLEMS’ https://www.agilecrm.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/How-to-Design-a-Good-Drip-Email-Campaign-.jpg
Cost per acquisition advertising (e.g. TalkLocal, Thumbtack) addresses the risk of CPM and CPC advertising by charging only by the lead. Like CPC, the price per lead can be bid up by demand. Also, like CPC, there are ways in which providers can commit fraud by manufacturing leads or blending one source of lead with another (example: search-driven leads with co-registration leads) to generate higher profits. For such marketers looking to pay only for specific actions/acquisition, there are two options: CPL advertising (or online lead generation) and CPA advertising (also referred to as affiliate marketing). In CPL campaigns, advertisers pay for an interested lead — i.e. the contact information of a person interested in the advertiser's product or service. CPL campaigns are suitable for brand marketers and direct response marketers looking to engage consumers at multiple touchpoints — by building a newsletter list, community site, reward program or member acquisition program. In CPA campaigns, the advertiser typically pays for a completed sale involving a credit card transaction.
The increasing popularity of social channels has directly attributed to information abundance. Through social networks, buyers have been able to research and learn about products and services through influencers and peers. Additionally, a profound shift has taken place within social media channels. Although social is still important for branding and generating buzz, lead generation is becoming more and more important. By tapping into all the social media channels, from Facebook and Twitter to LinkedIn and Google+, you can be where your customers are and create that trust.
When people talk about email marketing, lots of them forget to mention transactional emails. These are the automated emails you get in your inbox after taking a certain action on a website. This could be anything from filling out a form, to purchasing a product, to updating you on the progress of your order. Often, these are plain text emails that marketers set and forget.
Imagine you have 125 leads. Every lead has engaged with your business in unique ways, and they’re in different stages of your sales funnel. It’s not humanly possible to glance at a lead and recall how closer/farther they are to your business—until you use lead scoring technology. Lead scoring is a method by which you define parameters to qualify or “score” a lead in the CRM. So a CTO might get 15 points by virtue of their designation, and a lead who clicked on a link in your email might get 10 points (versus a lead who only opened your email and gets 5 points). All these points add up, and the higher the score, the hotter the lead. Putting a score on a lead cuts down your decision-making time in terms of which lead you should contact first.
This website is part of the Pitchero Cricket network. Create your own free Cricket club website with Pitchero.
If you can not find your required products, please inform me your required specification. We will help you to find your satisified suppliers. Thank you admin@tradebearings.com
Bilingual job opportunities for English-Asian-speaking professionals ranging from entry level to executive level - Nationwide!
Program Description: The library and the City of Hudson Senior Center, are offering another 4-week series of the popular “Senior Fitness: Core Strength & Balance with Dr. Paul Spector”. This series introduces exercises that improve postural stability, core strength, spatial body awareness, sensory integration, agility and coordination. After completing the four sessions, the individual will have mastered a balance routine that they can continue independently at home.
Registration: Registration is required. Registration is already partially filled so please do register as soon as possible by visiting the main desk at the library, calling 518.828.1792 x101, or emailing programs@hudsonarealibrary.org
This entry was posted in Adults, News, Programs and tagged core strength and balance, exercise class, senior citizen by Brenda Shufelt. Bookmark the permalink.
Some people really need to work on their picture taking abilities 😐 got it in though. this is my #letsgo pose #goodmorningpost #bjj #wakeandroll #justkeepswimming #happyplace #strongmoms #workoutwednesday #wegotthis
Here I am, looking at my birth certificate. ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ Imagining how that day went down, hearing my mothers voice telling about it in my head. I’ve had some ideas of my future when I was younger. But to be honest, nothing went the way I imagined. But here I am, being grateful AF about how my life is unfolding and SUPER excited to apply for our visas 🙏🏽☕️🌸
I once thought that self-care about brushing my teeth and combing my hair and making myself presentable for OTHERS for the day. I believed this for many years. After my accident and all the help that I received. I realize now that self-care is so much more. Once a person becomes self aware, self care really is about everything that we do. Self-care is balancing our life and what we keep in it and what we let go. Self-care is about managing our existence and making decisions based on our past experience and growth. - - - - - - #mythoughts #thoughts #selfcarematters #selfdiscipline #mentalhealthawareness #dogwalking #positivevibes #positivityiscontagious #goodmorningpost #goodmorning #morningmotivation #mindset #mindsetiseverything #perspective #dailywalk #naturephotography #dailyhike #lifeiswhatyoumakeit #votd #mypups #dogs #pets #petvideo #petsofinstagram #getactive #loveyourselffirst #selfawareness #selfdiscipline #everyday #inspiredbynature #northbayontario
@sonamkapoor : For every mother, father and friend out there; never let the children in your life stop dreaming. It's those dreams that will change the world of tomorrow. Happy Children's Day! ❤
Saree with a twist ❤🖤 . .@kritisanon_fam . #DadaSahebPhalkeExcellenceAwards2018 in @shivanandnarresh outfit and Earrings by @aquamarine_jewellery @minerali_store Styled by my fav girl @sukritigrover ❤️ Makeup by @adrianjacobsofficial 🤗 Hair by @aasifahmedofficial 🤗 📸 by @hs.shoot
Kitchen with microwave oven, 4 gas plates, coffee machine, electric kettle, toaster and a fridge/freezer and washing machine
Master bedroom with an air conditioner, its own bathroom shower room and WC and wonderful view on the ocean from the window
Supermarkets / Restaurants in Trou D’Eau Douce, 10 – 15 minutes walking distance from the villa, or less than 5 minutes by car.
Banks and doctor are 20 minutes away, the airport is 1 hour by car and so is Port-Louis, the capital.
Please fill in the form to request this villa. If you would like any other property, or are unsure, please click here.
---AD - AndorraAE - United Arab EmiratesAF - AfghanistanAG - Antigua and BarbudaAI - AnguillaAL - AlbaniaAM - ArmeniaAO - AngolaAQ - AntarcticaAR - ArgentinaAS - American SamoaAT - AustriaAU - AustraliaAW - ArubaAZ - AzerbaijanBA - Bosnia and HerzegovinaBB - BarbadosBD - BangladeshBE - BelgiumBF - Burkina FasoBG - BulgariaBH - BahrainBI - BurundiBJ - BeninBL - Saint BarthelemyBM - BermudaBN - BruneiBO - BoliviaBR - BrazilBS - Bahamas, TheBT - BhutanBV - Bouvet IslandBW - BotswanaBY - BelarusBZ - BelizeCA - CanadaCC - Cocos (Keeling) IslandsCD - Congo, Democratic Republic of theCF - Central African RepublicCG - Congo, Republic of theCH - SwitzerlandCI - Cote d'IvoireCK - Cook IslandsCL - ChileCM - CameroonCN - ChinaCO - ColombiaCR - Costa RicaCU - CubaCV - Cape VerdeCW - CuracaoCX - Christmas IslandCY - CyprusCZ - Czech RepublicDE - GermanyDJ - DjiboutiDK - DenmarkDM - DominicaDO - Dominican RepublicDZ - AlgeriaEC - EcuadorEE - EstoniaEG - EgyptEH - Western SaharaER - EritreaES - SpainET - EthiopiaFI - FinlandFJ - FijiFK - Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)FM - Micronesia, Federated States ofFO - Faroe IslandsFR - FranceFX - France, MetropolitanGA - GabonGB - United KingdomGD - GrenadaGE - GeorgiaGF - French GuianaGG - GuernseyGH - GhanaGI - GibraltarGL - GreenlandGM - Gambia, TheGN - GuineaGP - GuadeloupeGQ - Equatorial GuineaGR - GreeceGS - South Georgia and the IslandsGT - GuatemalaGU - GuamGW - Guinea-BissauGY - GuyanaHK - Hong KongHM - Heard Island and McDonald IslandsHN - HondurasHR - CroatiaHT - HaitiHU - HungaryID - IndonesiaIE - IrelandIL - IsraelIM - Isle of ManIN - IndiaIO - British Indian Ocean TerritoryIQ - IraqIR - IranIS - IcelandIT - ItalyJE - JerseyJM - JamaicaJO - JordanJP - JapanKE - KenyaKG - KyrgyzstanKH - CambodiaKI - KiribatiKM - ComorosKN - Saint Kitts and NevisKP - Korea, NorthKR - Korea, SouthKW - KuwaitKY - Cayman IslandsKZ - KazakhstanLA - LaosLB - LebanonLC - Saint LuciaLI - LiechtensteinLK - Sri LankaLR - LiberiaLS - LesothoLT - LithuaniaLU - LuxembourgLV - LatviaLY - LibyaMA - MoroccoMC - MonacoMD - MoldovaME - MontenegroMF - Saint MartinMG - MadagascarMH - Marshall IslandsMK - MacedoniaML - MaliMM - BurmaMN - MongoliaMO - MacauMP - Northern Mariana IslandsMQ - MartiniqueMR - MauritaniaMS - MontserratMT - MaltaMU - MauritiusMV - MaldivesMW - MalawiMX - MexicoMY - MalaysiaMZ - MozambiqueNA - NamibiaNC - New CaledoniaNE - NigerNF - Norfolk IslandNG - NigeriaNI - NicaraguaNL - NetherlandsNO - NorwayNP - NepalNR - NauruNU - NiueNZ - New ZealandOM - OmanPA - PanamaPE - PeruPF - French PolynesiaPG - Papua New GuineaPH - PhilippinesPK - PakistanPL - PolandPM - Saint Pierre and MiquelonPN - Pitcairn IslandsPR - Puerto RicoPS - Gaza StripPS - West BankPT - PortugalPW - PalauPY - ParaguayQA - QatarRE - ReunionRO - RomaniaRS - SerbiaRU - RussiaRW - RwandaSA - Saudi ArabiaSB - Solomon IslandsSC - SeychellesSD - SudanSE - SwedenSG - SingaporeSH - Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da CunhaSI - SloveniaSJ - SvalbardSK - SlovakiaSL - Sierra LeoneSM - San MarinoSN - SenegalSO - SomaliaSR - SurinameSS - South SudanST - Sao Tome and PrincipeSV - El SalvadorSX - Sint MaartenSY - SyriaSZ - SwazilandTC - Turks and Caicos IslandsTD - ChadTF - French Southern and Antarctic LandsTG - TogoTH - ThailandTJ - TajikistanTK - TokelauTL - Timor-LesteTM - TurkmenistanTN - TunisiaTO - TongaTR - TurkeyTT - Trinidad and TobagoTV - TuvaluTW - TaiwanTZ - TanzaniaUA - UkraineUG - UgandaUM - United States Minor Outlying IslandsUS - United StatesUY - UruguayUZ - UzbekistanVA - Holy See (Vatican City)VC - Saint Vincent and the GrenadinesVE - VenezuelaVG - British Virgin IslandsVI - Virgin IslandsVN - VietnamVU - VanuatuWF - Wallis and FutunaWS - SamoaXK - KosovoYE - YemenYT - MayotteZA - South AfricaZM - ZambiaZW - Zimbabwe
Privacy - Company Info - Make a Villa Request - Client Testimonials - Terms & Conditions - Contact Us
After some investigation of the circumcircle diagram, it appeared that the radius of each of the circles was similar. Upon measuring them, the radii of each were indeed equal.
Additionally, each chord in the various circles joining the points of tangency (of the two tangent lines) from a point outside the circle, are the vertices of the given triangles. The chords themselves, are the legs of sides of the given triangle.
If you are the primary subject of the image, you are granted rights to use the photo for personal use (web pages, photo albums, etc) and personal promotion (portfolios, resumes, etc), but not for sale. It is your responsibility to obtain releases from other persons depicted in the image. I request that credit be given and copies of any print materials be given to me. If used on the web, I request the URL.
In the country's farming past, droughts were often felt by the entire population. These days, careful water control has made droughts easier for people in America to handle. In fact, homeowners may not even notice these droughts occurring or how they are impacting their plants and trees. However, ignoring droughts is a new problem. Here is how drip irrigation systems can help with this problem.
What causes a drought to occur in an area? From a lack of rain and snow to a dried up river or lake, there are many different causes. In the past, these droughts were very hard to manage because there was only a limited amount of stored water. These days, there is so much stored water that a average homeowner doesn't even notice when a drought occurs.
Unfortunately, this may cause them to poorly understand why their plants and trees are dying. Before discussing how drip irrigation can help here, it is important to understand the symptoms of a drought. Knowing these systems can help a homeowner know if a drip irrigation system is even necessary.
Even if a drought isn't readily apparent to a homeowner, there is still a strong chance that it may be occurring. The easiest way for homeowners to tell is to take a look at their plants and find signs of drought. For example, plants that are growing slowly or seem to be wilting away are likely suffering from a lack of life-giving water.
Other symptoms include plants losing their leaves, yellowing, turning brown, or curling up. Dying plants indicate that a drought is at hand and that something needs to be done immediately to manage it. Thankfully, a drip irrigation system can do much to help here.
A drip irrigation can help homeowners who are unaware of droughts by providing their plants with a steady flow of healthy water. Even in cases when they don't notice droughts or do anything to manage them, a good drip irrigation system can help add water to the plants and prevent them from wilting away entirely.
Drip irrigation systems are also more efficient than sprinklers, by as much as 30-50 percent. The flowing nature of the water in a drip irrigation system helps fight off weeds and keeps mosquitoes and other insect pests from becoming a nuisance. This is especially true in drought weather, when these species can get desperate for food.
Anyone who lives in an area that is suffering from a drought or who wants a backup system to protect their plants should consider a good drip irrigation system. It may be exactly what they need to keep their lawns healthy for years to come. For more information, talk with a professional drip irrigation service in your area.
When I moved into my first place a few months ago, I realized that there was a lot of work we needed to do in the backyard. In addition to dealing with essentially a vacant lot, we decided that it would be smart to add some flowerbeds and decorative bushes. However, since we were new to the process, it was difficult to know how to get started. I want to make landscaping easier for beginners, which is why I put up this site. Check out my blog to learn tips for new landscapers, so that you aren't left wondering how to make your yard look beautiful.
Price (Low to High) Price (High to Low) Listing Date (Newest) Beds (High to Low) Beds (Low to High) Baths (High to Low) Baths (Low to High) Distance
My name is Joji Mori. I am a consultant, researcher, teacher in all things user experience & usability. I'm also a very keen long distance/marathon runner.
Joji Mori, my tutor, was one of the best tutors I’ve had at Melbourne Uni. He cared about me learning and about the course material in general, was always available to answer questions, and he answered those questions quite well. He ensured we knew what we needed to do and learnt the subject material to a very high level
On a plane bound for New York the flight attendant approached a blonde sitting in the first class section and requested that she move to coach since she did not have a first class ticket.
Not wanting to argue with a customer the flight attendant asked the co-pilot to speak with her. He went to talk with the woman asking her to please move out of the first class section.
The captain said, "I'm married to a blonde, and I know how to handle this." He went to the first class section and whispered in the blonde's ear. She immediately jumped up and ran to the coach section mumbling to herself, "Why didn't anyone just say so."
Surprised, the flight attendant and the co-pilot asked what he said to her that finally convinced her to move from her seat.
Actress Jennifer Aniston is still in touch with her ex-boyfriends as she feels all of them have taught her something.
"I've had some awesome relationships. Whether they lasted a long time or not, all of them were great," she told LOOK magazine.
"I learned from every single one of the. I know they were in my life for a reason, part of my destiny. I think it's nice to keep in touch," added Aniston, who was married for five years to actor Brad Pitt.
The actress, who is now said to be dating Justin Theroux, says friendship is important to her in a relationship. "I look for loyalty, discretion, a sense of fun and just a great pal to hang out with."
The 42-year-old actress recently admitted she feels happy and blessed with the way her life is at present, reports contactmusic.com.
"I feel happy. Blessed with an amazing career. I have the best friends. It's your choice to be positive or negative. I choose to be happy," she said.
CHAPEL ROYAL's first crop of foals race this year at 2. Did you take him for your Freshman Sire team? (PHOTO from www.horse-races.net)
Okay folks, the entries are rolling in for the THOROUGHBLOG FRESHMAN SIRE CONTEST and there have been lots of ideas and offers for prizes so we can look forward to that.
I asked everyone to send in their top 10 1st crop sires and points will be given for each sire’s winners, stakes winners, etc.
**UPDATE – I would request that everyone decide, from their list, A STALLION STAR, so that the points will be doubled for that sire and we avoid having any dead-heats/ties.
So please – for those of you who sent in a team, can you please email me a stallion star from your list and I will publish these as we get closer to the cut-off date – MARCH 1.
If you like sports pools, the ROAD TO THE ROSES fantasy league is open for business – it’s free or you can pay $10 for a team with a chance to win even bigger prizes.
Also, the Kentucky Derby’s 10th annual Future Wager opens Thursday, time to start sifting through the contenders and picking out your favourite.
Owner Jesse Jackson said that Horse of the Year CURLIN is going to prep for the Dubai World Cup in Dubai in a race on Feb.28.
"We weighed the pros and cons of taking him overseas or kicking off 2008 in the (United States)," Jackson said. "… It comes down to the fact that Curlin has earned the chance to compete in the Dubai World Cup and has the opportunity to continue to make history as an international champion."
NO ACRONYMS won her maiden at Philadelphia Park for LITTLE RED FEATHER racing and trainer David Duggan in her 3rd career start. The Ontario-bred 3yo filly by Milwaukee Brew – Last Supper, De Niro was bred by Adena Springs.
KENTUCKY BEAR, a monster winner of his debut outing for Bear Stables and trainer Reade Baker, worked 5 furlongs in 1:02 yesterday at Palm Meadows.
FRENCH BERET, a Grade 3 stakes winner on the Fair Grounds turf in his last start for Sam-Son Farms, has the rail for the Fair Grounds Handicap on Saturday.
STERWINS, third to French Beret in the Col. Bradley last time, is also in the field with Patrick Husbands up. The Ontario bred is owned by Eugene Melynk.
LEGAL MOVE, one of the top Ontario-sired runners at Woodbine, is in the COLONEL POWERS STAKES at 5 ½ furlongs on the turf on Saturday. The Bold Executive 4yo, owned by Woodford Racing, has not competed since November when 5th in the Kennedy Road Stakes against older horses.
Legal Move is up against a loaded field of speedsters including the undefeated Langfuhr colt EUROEARS.
The protest centers around the actions of race winner, Green Girl, who unseated jockey Rene Douglas during the post parade.
When Green Girl tossed Douglas as the field was entering the track, jockeys Eibar Coa and Edgar Prado dismounted their horses, J'ray and Bel Air Beauty, respectively.
From DAILY RACING FORM…As the basis for the protest, Mark Hennig, who trains La Dolce Vita, cited a Gulfstream Park house rule that states, "If a horse throws its jockey on the way from the paddock to post the horse must be returned to the point where the jockey was thrown where it shall be remounted and proceed over the route of the parade to the post. The horse must carry its assigned weight from paddock to post and from post to finish."
"Me and every trainer and jockey in the race thought it was absurd Green Girl was allowed to benefit by not having her impost on her for approximately 10 minutes," said Hennig. "We are talking about a handicap race in which the basic principle of handicapping the weights is to even things out between the participants. Having one horse go 10 minutes not carrying its weight prior to the race goes completely against that principle."
Jockey Patrick Valenzuela plans to move his tack from Southern California to New Orleans, and was named to ride two horses on Friday's card at Fair Grounds.
Valenzuela, 45, had his conditional California jockey's license revoked on Dec. 28. Valenzuela had been arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol on Dec. 20, a violation of the conditions of his license and the latest in a long line of problems that have derailed Valenzuela's career.
Racing officials in Louisiana have allowed Valenzuela to ride there because Valenzuela obtained a Louisiana jockey's license when he rode in the Dec. 7 Delta Jackpot, and that license remains in good standing. Charles Gardiner, the executive director of the Louisiana Racing Commission, said that because there were no sanctions against Valenzuela in California, and that he had not been ruled off the track, reciprocity guidelines that carry from state to state were not in effect in Valenzuela's case.
Valenzuela had launched his most recent comeback in early November in New Mexico before moving back to California. Valenzuela inquired about riding in New Mexico after his license was revoked in California, but was denied, according to the New Mexico Racing Commission. At the time of his recent inquiry, Valenzuela did not have a New Mexico license.
Valenzuela must meet with Fair Grounds stewards before he rides at the track, and Gardiner said that stewards "may ask for certain criteria" from Valenzuela.
Jockeys at Fair Grounds are tested randomly for drugs, and must undergo daily breathalyzer tests before riding
Welcome to Jen's Thoroughblog. This is a personal blog site with news and some views on the Ontario thoroughbred racing industry. It is updated most mornings. I am a freelance writer and handicapper for various publications.Opinions on this site are not those of any of my employers. Feel free to give your insights and comments. Thoroughblog has the right to refuse publication of offensive comments.
WANT TO ADVERTISE? Here's who's reading: Owners/Want to be an owner (31%); trainers (12%); Work in Industry (20%); fans/bettors (37%) Email me
Crafted from 100% Irish linen, this shirt is a timeless wardrobe staple. Perfect to dress up or down depending on the occasion.
We were still pretty stuffed from a heavy lunch, thus dropped our plan of having dinner at our favorite Chinese 'tai chow' restaurant and opted to have sandwiches at home instead. Drama Queen volunteered to prepare dinner... how lucky can I be!! She helped to make scrambled eggs and sliced cucumbers, capsicum and tomatoes. She even washed the dishes after dinner!! Though our wires often get crossed, inside the kitchen, I think she hangs the moon and the stars for me!
After Drama Queen was done preparing dinner and laying all the items needed for sandwich on the dining table, she announced maternally: "I'm done. Help yourself to these everyone!" then proceeded to the wet kitchen to wash the wok and all.
Exactly a week ago, I got a new Khind stir-fryer. My new kitchen toy came just about the right time as the mil has just left for Hong Kong for a few months and this kitchen toy is a pretty efficient helper. Khind stir-fryer is an automated electric cooker that can really help you to save time in the kitchen while keeping the kitchen free from grease and oily fumes. It has stir-fry, pan-fry, braise and toast functions.
3) Pan-fried fish. For this type of small fish that I used (it looks similar to mullet fish), the outcome of the fish was ultra crispy. Even the small bones were crispy and can even be swallowed (good source of calcium eh?)
You can read more on the Khind stir-fryer and how you can get discount from my earlier post in my other blog.
My typical Saturday morning would be to have breakfast with Cass after dropping Drama Queen at the tuition center at 9am. Alycia has to attend school on Saturdays. If the hubs does not have to be at his office, the kitchen or the client's place, he will join us at the coffee shop.
Our favorite food on a Saturday morning is bitter gourd vermicelli with minced pork and poached egg at our favorite coffee shop. Cass only eats bitter gourd when cooked this way and from only this stall. I have tried cooking the exact bitter gourd + minced pork noodles for her but she didn't even want to try the bitter gourd and commented that it would be too bitter. Huh, preconceived notion!
After breakfast, we would normally walk to the supermarket to shop for fruits, milk and other stuff. Cass has now mastered the art of selecting fruits and loves to help me with this whenever we are at the supermarket.
On Sunday, Alycia's friends came in the afternoon to work on a Biology project together. When the bunch of thirteen year olds went to the gym, I quickly went into her room and took this picture, he he he! Both Drama Queen and Alycia hate having their photos taken and posted on mummy's Facebook and blogs. To think that they were once so cooperative and eager camera posers for me when they were cute little girls breaks my heart that they no longer wish to do it anymore. My girls have grown. Hopefully they will pass this phase too and will soon be eager camera posers for me again.
After her friends left, Alycia had to have a thorough clean up of her room as she allowed her friends to eat chips, chocolate and other junk in her bedroom!! Bits of chips were scattered everywhere on the room floor. I went berserk and told her that this would be the first and last time that she and her friends ever get to eat in the room as I am terrified of a roach-infested room!
When my parents were in KL last Sunday, we had lunch at Sekinchan Famous Yu Tao Mui Restaurant at Happy Garden. We were first timers at this restaurant. We were a tad apprehensive when we arrived at the restaurant as we were the only patrons there. We were skeptical about the quality and price of the food as the restaurant was empty, except for their staff. Since it was already late in the afternoon and my parents were rushing to return to Ipoh, we sat down and ordered food anyway.
We downed our skepticism and prejudice along with the food the moment we tasted the delish dishes! All the dishes that we ordered were very tasty.
The deep fried octopus (on the foreground) and fried homemade fish paste were superb. The deep fried octopus was achingly crispy, full of texture and flavors. The fried fish paste was genuinely homemade as you can feel and taste the flesh of the fish in every wholesome bite.
The fried vermicelli has generous amounts of prawns, squids, bean sprouts, pork slices and onions. The fried rice was equally good flavored generously with baby shrimps.
While waiting for the dishes to arrive, the foodie hubs walked a few shops away to Restaurant Mooi Mooi to take away the best siew yoke (roast pork) in the whole wide world! The siew yoke with crackling skin literally melts in your mouth. Restaurant Mooi Mooi, a corner coffee shop which is semi worn down carries a certain rustic charm, if you don't mind the less-than-perfect tables, chairs, cutlery and interior. The operator also sells char siu and roast chicken but the claim to fame, crowd-puller is the top notch melt-in-the-mouth crackling skin siew yoke.
A few weeks ago, my 70-year old mum suddenly had a bout of dizzy spell while doing marketing at the wet market in Ipoh. She was with my dad. She informed my dad to cut short the marketing and to head home straight as she could not even walk unassisted by my dad. Once home, she immediately popped 2 capsules of Super Lutein with a packet of Izumio hydrogen water. To her amazement, the dizziness disappeared within less than an hour! She was then fit enough to bake bread and even cooked lunch.
Mum was so excited that she immediately messaged me to share the good news with me on how Izumio and Super Lutein had saved her again from a trip to the doctor's office. She hates the side effects of drowsiness and nauseousness caused by the anti-giddiness drugs. Plus a visit to a private doctor on a Sunday would have cost her a bomb too.
Vertigo is a specific type of dizziness that is characterized by the sudden sensation that you are spinning or that the world around you is spinning. The feeling can come and go or it can last for hours or days. Along with the dizziness, people may also experience nausea or vomiting, headaches, double vision or a racing heartbeat.
A few days ago, the mil suddenly felt dizzy in the morning. She skipped swimming and just lay listless on the bed. I was hesitant to offer her Izumio and Super Lutein as she's not one who trusts MLM products. In the evening, she told me that she would like to try the products as she, like my mum hates the side-effects of the drugs. After 2 days on the products, she was well enough to cook and bake again. Today is the forth day and she's feeling better than ever. She just whipped up a sumptuous dinner and baked 2 batches of Madeleines for the girls' lunch boxes tomorrow. Yesterday she baked scones for us. Awesome grandma she is!
To throw my modesty into the wind, Izumio and Super Lutein are life-saving products! If you or anyone that you know of are suffering from vertigo, do give these products a try. There is no harm in consuming something natural with no fillers, binders and additives. These products do not add load to your kidneys and liver. In fact, we have kidney patients who have been doing very well after consuming the products.
To find out more about the products, you can visit this Facebook page. A lot of information can be found there. If you are interested to buy the products or interested to do this business, you can email me at shireenyong@gmail.com
You can also read more about the products by clicking on the label 'Izumio Hydrogen Water and Super Lutein' at the end of this post or on the right hand side of the side bar.
The information on this site is provided as an information resource only and is not to be used or relied on for any diagnostic or treatment purposes. Not every remedy will work on everyone. So is conventional medical treatment. It very much depends on the constituents of the person and the conditions peculiar to that person. Whatever the reasons, this article does not claim the information provided is totally accurate and reliable and will cure everyone. The purpose of this article is merely to inform visitors that there are alternative cures for all ailments. You are therefore advised to consult your registered medical physicians as a matter of due diligence.
During a one-day public holiday some time last month, the foodie hubster brought us to a new cafe for his weekly indulgence in gourmet coffee and cakes.
This hip cafe is a poker fan's dream place to be in. Mr Poker Coffee is bedecked with everything from playing cards to rocking horses, circa-1970s TV sets to Bruce Lee memorabilia, Hello Kitty playing cards to a portrait of the Mona Lisa sipping coffee.
Cakes are served on plates resembling a playing card and the card symbols on each plate are powdered chocolate.
A collection of playing cards dating back to the 60s, 70s, 80s and 90s are framed up and decked up to the top of the wall.
About 3 weeks ago, I went for my first ever foot spa. However, I had to cut short the session and omit the nail filing and painting to rush home to wait for Drama Queen and Cass after the transporter dropped them off. The pedicurist spent a frigging 2 hours just to clean my feet that were severely beaten-up, dry with cracks and consequently had paint and calligraphy ink imbedded in between the cracks, no thanks to the three monkeys at home. She wanted to proceed with the nails but I told her that I'd go back to continue with the pedicure.
After just a week, my feet (that go through lots of 'rough conditions' everyday) turned unsightly again. No wonder the pedicurist advised me to have a foot spa once a week. I will most likely settle for a bi-monthly treatment to keep my feet well maintained. It's an instant self gratification that gives me so much satisfaction just looking at how good my feet look now 😁😍
Today I had another foot spa and pedicure session. I slept through almost the entire 2 hours session. HAHA! See how chronically sleep deprived I am! Sofia had to wake me up several times to ask me questions.
For the nail art, I chose Hello Kitty, my favorite childhood Sanrio character and pink - my favorite color :)
Next up, I will be doing a make-over of my waist-length hair. I have made inquires on the prices just now and will try to squeeze out a couple of hours after the girls' exam to have a hair make-over :D
Today is the last day of Raya holiday. In exactly a week's time, Drama Queen and Cass will be sitting for yet another school exam.
In between moping floor and doing laundry, I had sips of organic lemon tea steeped with wild blue pea flowers.
Back home, I spent a couple of tormenting hours revising BM language with Drama Queen and Cass while losing my voice screaming. I think my blood pressure went up a few notches. I could feel my heart flutter a little bit more too after an evening of talking and screaming. While seated at the table going through the same old Tatabahasa (Malay grammar) with them, I was wishing that my day will very soon come where Drama Queen and Cass can independently revise on their own. I just want to put my legs up and have a relaxing massage on my massage chair on a Sunday with zero stress.
Dinner was all the heated up left-over food, doggy-bagged from restaurants over the past few days while the mil had a night out with her SILs.
Dessert for the girls was grandma's homemade bread with granny's homemade kaya. Drama Queen and Cass pleaded to help to slice the bread with me standing next to them and watching over them like a hawk and telling them to keep their fingers away from the knife, lest they slice off their fingers in excitement with the samurai long bread knife. It was their first time slicing a loaf of bread.
Drama Queen's Swatch watch has been acting up strangely lately. I brought it to the Swatch watch shop at Mid Valley Megamall yesterday to have it fixed and what do we know?
As her watch is still under the 2-year warranty, she got a brand new replacement watch that looks similar to the old one!!
Had we gone to the Swatch watch shop just a month later, we would have missed the warranty as the warranty is expiring next month.
Caveat - a replacement watch would NOT be given IF the glass of the watch is shattered. Drama Queen is REALLY lucky that despite dropping her watch several times, the glass of her watch wasn't shattered. Nothing else was broken, except that the watch acted strangely.
Drama Queen is one very lucky girl to have received a brand new Swatch watch to replace her faulty one. Princess Alycia was green with envy and wished that her Swatch watch would die on her too so that she gets a new one! She has one more month to wish for it stop short so that she gets a brand new Swatch watch as replacement. Grandma bought them each a Swatch watch 2 years ago.
Today's sermon in church was on a very apt family-related topic which struck a chord with the girls and me. Hopefully after this deep and meaningful sermon, the girls will have a better sense of responsibility at home.
After church, we had Japanese food at Lao Jiulou: 老酒楼 Old Restaurant to tuck into our favorite comfort food.
Lao Juilou is run by a Japanese, Seiji Fujimoto - a ramen specialist. This humble eatery is like a cool hybrid of an old-fashioned Japanese izakaya and a roadside Chinese hole-in-the-wall. But the interior is less than dingy. Lao Juilou serves up dishes that are very homely and one that you would expect to come from your grandma or mother. So homely and reasonably priced are the food that you really wouldn't mind dining there every other day. And yep, the food is kids-friendly and we have never had that unquenchable thirst after eating the food. Though it is opened by a Japanese and serve mainly Japanese morsel, many of the dishes have Chinese components in them.
Below - Special Rice is a combo of minced pork, carrots, french beans, julienned wood fungus and waxed sausage, all steamed in a bowl together with the rice. This tastes very homely (with no overpowering sauces and MSG) and not salty at all. Omit the sausage and this would be a perfect and well-balanced dish for kids.
Below - pork gyoza, available steamed or pan-fried. Both are super delicious. Pillowy-plump and juicy with soft skin, lip-smacking when savored with julienned ginger and vinegar. This is Alycia's all-time favorite and we always order 3-4 plates at one sitting. She can eat nothing else but gobble down 10 of these!
Below- Tonkatsu ramen - cheap and yummy. One can satiate his/her craving for many bowls of ramen at Lao Juilou without breaking one's wallet.
After lunch at Lao Juilou, we segued into Palmier Patisserie Cafe, located just a few shops away. Palmier is a French patisserie that's Australian inspired. Here you'll find delectable and freshly baked pastries, paninis, pies, tarts and cakes and of course gourmet coffee.
After lunch, we dropped by at the newly opened Domino's Pizza at our neighborhood to grab their buy-1-free-1 pizza promotion. Take-out pizza was for the girls' dinner. As for me, I was SO stuffed from lunch that I only ate capsicum, tomatoes and cucumbers for dinner.
Back home, Drama Queen and Cass continued with their books' 'house moving' from their bedroom onto our new teak wood book shelf shipped from Chiangmai, which arrived on Saturday. They have only moved a quarter of their 'treasure' onto the shelf and with three quarters remaining, we would need another shelf to house another one quarter of their books collection. Very soon, we can turn our house into a mini library!
However, this year we are seeing the positives of these pirates keeping away the foreign factory fishing trawlers from the shores of East Africa. Kenyan fishermen are reporting record hauls and are enjoying one of the best fishing seasons in almost a generation.
Was it only a week ago that we had a very successful and fun conference in Rotterdam, HIA '09 the 10th HIA conference.
I particularly enjoyed the quantification sessions and the river cruise dinner in the evening. It was great to catch with people like B H-R. And it would have been great to have a day just catching up with people! Maybe next time...
In the meantime you can think about going to the IAIA conference in Geneva 6-11th Apri 2010l. Click here for more details.
The Health Impact Project today released a call for proposals to fund up to 15 health impact assessments (HIAs) at the local, state and tribal levels. HIAs are a flexible, data-driven approach that identify the health consequences of new policies and programs, and develop practical strategies to maximize their health benefits and minimize adverse effects.
Grants will range from between $25,000 and $150,000 each. Government agencies, educational institutions and nonprofit organizations at all levels of policy and program development are encouraged to apply. The call for proposals and other information about the project is available at www.healthimpactproject.org
The last two decades of health research have demonstrated the profound importance of social, economic and environmental decisions to the health of Americans. To stem the rising tide of chronic disease and create safe, thriving communities, health needs to be factored into decisions that affect the public. HIAs provide an avenue to do just that. They are a valuable tool to help government and community leaders working across all sectors-from agriculture and food production to transportation and planning-make smart decisions that lead to healthier communities.
A collaboration of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and The Pew Charitable Trusts, the Health Impact Project is a national initiative designed to promote the use of HIAs as a decision-making tool for policymakers.
In addition to the HIA Blog we also regularly update our Twitter account with HIA-related news and information. Follow us at:
Hi I'm Shannon, the crazy behind Health-ish Foodie. I’m a small town girl from Sumner, Washington but have been living in Oaxaca, Mexico for the past three years. I’m an amateur cook, a wannabe chef and a veggie addict that’s only human. I love playing with my schnauzer Lucy, traveling with my hubby and all-you-can-eat sushi!
Get Healthish Foodie's Starter Pack to help take control of your eating habits and promote healthier eating!
An accountant by training, community activist, youth development enthusiast, accomplished investor, politician and public administrator, Hon. Akinlade holds HND degree in accountancy from the Polytechnic of Ibadan, an MBA in Management from University of Ado-Ekiti and honorary doctorate degree in Management from University des Sciencies et Management, Port Novo, Republic of Benin.
A former member of the Nigerian House of Representative for 12 years and Chairman, House of Representative Committee on Science and Technology for 6 years. Hon. Akinlade worked as Accountant and then General Manager with Auto mania Nigeria Ltd where he was part of the team that pioneer auto fair in Nigeria.
He is a holder of many awards and honours including the Nigeria Labour Congress distinguished award, 2012, Outstanding award by the Nigeria Computer Society, 2012 and Patron, Nigeria Union of Journalist, Ogun State.
He is a widely travelled man and has attended conferences in several countries of the world including Dubai, UAE, London, UK, Maryland, USA and also in Nigeria.
Overall 60% of all Americans are Vitamin D deficient! That is a staggering statistic that should be alarming to a lot of people. Vitamin D is an important vitamin in order to maintain a healthy lifestyle. And believe it or not it is quite easy to obtain the recommended 400-600 IU of Vitamin D on a daily basis.
Most Vitamin D cannot be obtained through your diet. Fruits and vegetables don’t contain any vitamin D and may be high in other vitamins it will not help in your vitamin D consumption. Some fish and milk contain Vitamin D but you would have to eat them in excessive amounts in order to get the allotted amount of the vitamin.
The best way to obtain Vitamin D is through sun exposure. Most people do not get enough sun light everyday to get their 400-800 IU of Vitamin D, especially during the winter months. All it takes is 15-20 of sunlight every day to get enough of the needed vitamin. If you are concerned about skin cancer than you can wear some protective lotion or a hate but the sunlight does need to hit your skin in order for it to gain the Vitamin D so you may need to be out longer than 15 minutes if you wear sun tan lotion. If you are too worried about the possibility of getting skin cancer than taking a vitamin supplement which contains vitamin D is an option as well. During the winter months you might consider taking the supplement rather than being outside in the cold.
Vitamin D is a nutrient that helps build the immune system to better fight diseases. Most people think that it’s only used to promote healthy bones but it also helps decrease the risk of some cancers, high blood pressure and heart disease. It has also been shown that low levels of Vitamin D are linked to Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and fibromyalgia (muscle and connective tissue pain).
So if you’re stuck inside your office or classroom all day, take a lunch break and take a walk. Get out into the sun so you can reach your daily Vitamin D consumption easily. And let’s face it, no one wants to be stuck inside all day anywhere, take your fifteen minute break and go walk through a beautiful park and enjoy the outdoors. If you can’t do that than make sure that you’re taking a vitamin supplement to make sure you are getting enough Vitamin D.
Amputation – the removal of a limb – is generally reserved as a surgical last resort, when saving a life takes precedent over saving the limb. Amputation may also be prescribed when recovery is unlikely due to damage.
Amputation can result from accident, injury or disease. For the best outcome and prognosis, the amputee needs specialized help in adapting and returning to a normal life.
Our hospital offers pre-and-post prosthetic rehabilitation tailored to the individual needs of the patient. Recovery may include all or a combination of the following:
You don’t want to say you enjoy a hospital stay because certainly you don’t enjoy it, but I knew he was well cared for.
Spinal cord injury rehabilitation is complex and multifaceted. Our hospital’s approach centers on a team of highly qualified experts using advanced rehabilitation technology and treatments. Together, they create an individualized treatment plan to meet physical, cognitive and emotional needs of the patient and loved ones.
The compassionate and positive staff is making his stay a positive experience as well as contributing to his recovery
On January 1, 2012, the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 (CA SB 657) went into effect. This law seeks to increase the quantity of information made available by manufacturers and retailers regarding their efforts, if any, to address slavery and human trafficking within their supply chain. This in turn allows consumers to make better, more informed choices regarding the products they buy and the companies they choose to support.
Health Wright Products, Inc. is committed to the goals of CA SB 657 and compliance with all laws and regulations governing efforts to address and eradicate slavery and human trafficking from our supply chains.
Our high level of expectations are clearly described in our Supplier Code of Conduct which sets forth specific guidelines regarding labor, human rights (including a prohibition on slavery and human trafficking), health and safety and the environment .We require all suppliers to comply by reviewing and signing the Supplier Code of Conduct, stating that they will abide by this code at all times.
We engage with an on-line survey to conduct a multi-level questionnaire to identify any potential areas of risk for human trafficking and slavery within our supply chain. The on-line survey is completed by the supplier and reviewed by our In-house team prior to partnering. We do not currently complete on-site audits with our suppliers however, we do reserve the right to inspect their facilities at any time regarding slavery and human trafficking. Health Wright Products, Inc. will take action upon discovery of violations, including requesting a prompt redress of alleged violations, and corrective actions.
Health Wright Products, Inc. employees and management, who have direct responsibility for supply chain management, are being provided with training on human trafficking and slavery, particularly with respect to identifying and mitigating risks within the supply chain of products.
Through our Supplier Code of Conduct Policy, Health Wright Products, Inc. holds suppliers and contractors accountable to the standards and procedures regarding employee and management compliance with applicable laws and Health Wright Products, Inc. high ethical standards. This is to include only the use of voluntary labor and to refrain from using forced or involuntary labor (including slave labor, indentured labor, prison labor, bonded labor and other forms of labor provided or obtained by force, fraud, coercion or threats) or participating in human trafficking. In compliance with US federal and state laws, Health Wright Products, Inc. itself uses only voluntary labor and does not engage in forced or involuntary labor of any kind or in human trafficking.
We hold our suppliers responsible for holding their vendors to the same high standards. We do not currently require suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into their products comply with laws regarding slavery and human trafficking. It is the responsibility of our suppliers and contractors to verify their vendors.
We have every level of confidence that the raw materials used in our manufacturing processes are produced to meet our high standards of quality and safety. We trust our suppliers to ensure that their supply chains are operated by individuals who are well treated and compensated fairly for their work in accordance with all applicable governmental laws.
Server Colocation in Middletown Maryland Here you will find Colocation offers provided by the companies in Middletown Maryland MD. Please read our Colocation What it is? for more information.
Server Colocation in Lehighton Pennsylvania Here you will find Colocation offers provided by the companies in Lehighton Pennsylvania PA. Please read our Colocation What it is? for more information.
Dedicated hosting Dearborn Michigan Here you will find dedicated servers offers provided by the companies located in Dearborn Michigan MI. Please read Dedicated Server purchasing guide for more information.
Our experts share their top 10 tips for overcoming bullying written by ditch the label, the uk's national anti-bullying charity don’t see yourself as the problem. • academic problems: focus, truancy, declining grades, tardiness, missing assignments although children of divorce are at a higher risk for many problems, they can make healthy adjustments and develop a strong support system. Learn 200 innovative, problem-stopping strategies to prevent or stop social, emotional, behavioral, and k-12 classroom management problems like bad attitudes, cyberbullying, poor motivation, truancy, delinquency, work refusal, school failure, disrespect, defiance, depression, trauma and apathy. The problem of truancy is not a new problem in the school environment this issue has been talked about for almost decades as there are still no solution to completely overcome the.
How to overcome a stuttering problem stuttering can be a very frustrating and sometimes embarrassing problem for those who have trouble with it unfortunately there is no quick fix for. In this post, i will describe the three most vexing employee development problems and suggest a way to overcome them vexing employee development problem #1: limited resources “i am trying to figure out how to do more with less”. So what are the biggest problems in data storage today, and how can you overcome them the biggest problems these are some of the most important potential data storage issues you’ll need to consider:. Truancy prevention efforts - 1 - academic achievement while reducing problem behaviors, including substance abuse and delinquency truancy affects academic .
﻿how to overcome shyness m&s - the changes made from 1998 to 2001 fail to overcome the problems ruancy problem and how to overcome it. The goal of a truancy mentoring program is to redirect negative habits by developing healthy ones and providing positive adult support, thereby reducing risk factors that result in truancy community-based programs recognize that truancy is not an individual or family problem alone, but a community problem that can best be addressed by . Rather than take traditional punitive approaches to truancy, problem-solving courts assist in overcoming the underlying causes of truancy in a child’s life by engaging the family and community partners in collaborative support of the child. To address the issue of absenteeism in school well before it becomes a truancy problem of the child’s absences and create a prevention strategy to overcome. 6 common breastfeeding problems and how to overcome them 6 common breastfeeding problems and how to overcome them it's likely a latch problem, not an infection .
Truancy: causes, effects, and solutions abstract truancy is a problem that is seriously affecting the overall success of the large urban school district, and in. Truancy problem and how to overcome it----- lately , there have been a lot of truancy cases involving the students from our school and this is worrying the school administrators as well as the parents. Instead, taking steps to deal with your anxiety head-on and to seek help from others is the best path to overcoming your school phobia here are five things you can do to deal with your anxiety over school.
﻿how to overcome shyness enjoy a happier life by overcoming your shyness - ﻿how to overcome shyness introduction one of the most common (and effective) obstacles to success is shyness, or a reluctance to interact with other people. How to successfully overcome your substance abuse issue somebody, somewhere, somehow has a problem in all our families child requiring assistance “cra . I think we should work hand in hand to overcome this problem students who are involved in this truancy problem are usually together friends who have .
Ruancy problem and how to overcome it lately , there have been a lot of truancy cases involving the students from our school and this is worrying the school administrators as well as the parents - ruancy problem and how to overcome it introduction. Home student services attendance preventing chronic absenteeism & truancy preventing chronic absenteeism & truancy co-occurring problems common among high-risk . Tantrums to avoid school are a symptom of a bigger problem how to help a child overcome school refusal unlike truancy, students who engage in school refusal aren’t simply ditching . Truancy is up and current government policies don't seem to be working a new study suggests a complete change of tack how to solve the problem of truancy to talk through problems and .
Advice on truancy, including information on the law and tips on how to support your child back into school discuss any problems they might be having at school or . Model truancy prevention programs prosecutors attempt to find community resources to help overcome those problems if the child continues to be truant, the . Bullying is a societal problem which has received considerable amounts of attention and press over the past few years many researchers and specialists have studied bullying, its adverse impacts, and steps which can be taken to overcome the negative aftermath.
History at GTS covers a wide range of topics and periods ranging from Roman Britain to the War on Terror. Music, role play and art all contribute to lessons that have an emphasis, on promoting excellence. In recent years the department has achieved exam results that are significantly above the national average.
History lessons place an onus on pupil investigation and planning which have a variety of outcomes from written exam style answers to films such as, 'Little Bighorn'.
The department runs regular trips to important historical sites. In 2016 we visited the Imperial War Museum and the London Dungeons.
Pupils are given a grounding of British history and some areas of European and World History. A range of historical skills are undertaken and various methods of presenting work are explored. We aim to inspire the pupils and help them develop a love of history.
The two main history rooms are equipped with interactive whiteboards and surround sound. The department has a range of historical props artefacts from a Roman shield to an Anderson Shelter.
10X20 Deck Plans | Pleasant in order to our weblog, with this time period I’m going to explain to you regarding 10X20 Deck Plans.
Thanks for visiting my blog, article above(10X20 Deck Plans) published by K-Systems.co at October, 14 2018 | 10X20 Deck Plans.
Menards Pole Buildings | Delightful to help the website, on this time I will provide you with with regards to Menards Pole Buildings. Garages And Pole Barns Amish Contractor...
Fox Theatre Seating Chart Atlanta | Delightful to my personal blog, on this time period I’m going to teach you with regards to Fox Theatre Seating Chart Atlanta. Atlanta...
Gershwin Theater Seating Chart | Welcome to be able to the web site, in this period I’m going to show you concerning Gershwin Theater Seating Chart. Gershwin Theater Seating...
Hubble Homes Floor Plans | Welcome in order to my own website, with this time I’m going to show you regarding Hubble Homes Floor Plans. Designs Of Hubble Homes...
Horse Barn With Living Quarters | Pleasant for you to our blog site, in this occasion We’ll show you in relation to Horse Barn With Living Quarters. Barns With...
Caribbean House Plans | Welcome to help my own weblog, within this period I will explain to you with regards to Caribbean House Plans. Key West Style Beachfront House...
Roncari Airport Parking | Encouraged to be able to the web site, in this time period I am going to show you regarding Roncari Airport Parking. Galaxy Self Park...
A lot of people are really into free tarot and free numerology. People like it because it gives them a forecast of what may come in their future as well as a way to get to know their own selves even more.
A lot of people are really into free tarot and free numerology. If you are not, you are probably wondering what they can get out of it. People like it because it gives them a forecast of what may come in their future as well as a way to get to know their own selves even more. Call it as a guide to doing things or something else – one thing is for sure and that is at times it certainly can be so much fun! Here is what you can find out when you try it out for yourself.
First of all, it is important to know that usually free tarot and free numerology gives a summary of the outcomes of the cards and the computed numbers. A lot of tarot card readers and numerologists will offer the complete reading when you pay for it. However, some people are already satisfied with what the free information already contains. Whether you choose free tarot or free numerology, you will certainly appreciate the newly-learned information that will either help you appreciate yourself better or help you make better decisions in the near or far future.
When you are talking about what you can probably expect out of free tarot and free numerology, the first thing most people would want to know more about would have to do with their love life. The love life is one very popular topic in free numerology and free tarot reading. People want to know whether love will be present in their lives, if the one they are currently with is already the one they will be spending the rest of their lives with, what is keeping them from finding someone to love or if there are any latent problems in one’s relationship and how it can be solved.
Aside from love, many people also turn to free tarot and free numerology for snippets of information regarding their career. Career is also a very popular topic in getting readings from free tarot and free numerology, especially for those who are having career problems. Usually they want to know if they are on the right career path, if they will expect any big or small problems in the near future, if there is something else they have to do and the like. Connected to career is the topic of having power and some people want to know if they will get it in their job.
And of course, health is also yet another popular topic when it comes to asking someone to read your free tarot and free numerology. Health is a concern because if there is a serious sickness somewhere in the near future, one would want to be able to prepare for it. Being more aware of health is also something people like to know so they avoid further complications. Truly, free tarot and free numerology readings can be a bit of help in the various aspects of one’s life – which is why more and more people are really getting into it.
Signing up for free tarot and free numerology is popular. The top three topics of love life, career and health provide an ample sense of usefulness in the lives of people who have their fates read.
Tokyo Station To Kawasaki Station is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
They call their experiment an “origami robot” because the accordion-shaped gadget gets folded up and frozen into an ice capsule. “You swallow the robot, and when it gets to your stomach the ice melts and the robot unfolds,” said Daniela Rus, a ...
Everett Rotary Presentation: “Partnering” between Providence Everett Medical Center and the Swedish Neuroscience Institute helps bring “World Class Care Without Leaving Your Community” to Everett
This is a placeholder page for Francisco Herrera, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Francisco Herrera.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Francisco Herrera. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Francisco Herrera. We created this page automatically in hopes Francisco Herrera would find it. If you are not Francisco Herrera, but are an alumni of Harvard High School, register on this site for free now.
Listings in Electronic Equipment Dealers, Lighting, Pension Fund, Part - Retail, Supplies and Banks | Indonesia Business Directory
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Indonesia News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Indonesia News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
Meet single gay men in charlotte are you single in charlotte and looking for a single gay man to love or are you only looking for someone to go share stories with over a glass of wine tomorrow night. A collaborative report from charlotte mecklenburg schools and mecklenburg county health department charlotte mecklenburg youth risk behavior survey. North carolina lgbt organizations don’t see your favorite state and national lgbt organization suggest a link via e-mail at [email protected] advocacy & political.
A one-stop source of information and assistance for seniors and adults with disabilities living in mecklenburg county, nc, as well as their families and professional caregivers, wherever they may reside this service is confidential. Terrence hall and christopher decaria of charlotte expected a mob monday when the mecklenburg county register of deeds office began issuing charlotte’s first-ever marriage licenses for gay and lesbian couples. 1,588 followers, 48 following, 42 posts - see instagram photos and videos from dirt devil deutschland (@dirtdevildeutschland. Moving to charlotte find the best neighborhoods and streets to live in charlotte on streetadvisor.
Here's where you can meet singles in cornelius, north carolinaour mecklenburg county singles are in the 704/980 area code, and might live in these or other zip codes: 28031 personals. Gay cruising in mecklenburg county within the most complete database on gay cruising in mecklenburg county (north carolina) found 23, updated on 2018.
Here's where you can meet singles in charlotte, north carolinaour mecklenburg county singles are in the 704/980 area code, and might live in these or other zip codes: 28277, 28271, 28228, 28278, 28247, 28226, 28270, or 28287 personals.
Find support groups in charlotte, mecklenburg county, north carolina, get help from counseling groups, join a charlotte therapy group.
Single fit, fun, and fabulous 40s and 50s group we're 556 members charlotte area cycling charlotte area cycling we're 2,082 cyclists charlotte mecklenburg library meetup we're 1,863 members black singles in clt black singles in clt we're 2,329 singles carolina black professionals.
There is so much to do when gay dating, the standard sort of date is enjoyable but it's often superior to be creative as well.
Vorlage 1: kalender 2017 für mecklenburg-vorpommern als excel 100% gratis singlebörse mecklenburg-vorpommern schwerin singles - kostenlose partnersuche. Mecklenburg county is a good place for single adults and families to live, an annual survey by unc charlotte found but residents said it’s not so great for gays, immigrants and racial minorities the unc charlotte urban institute has conducted its annual survey of county residents for more than. The mecklenburg county register of deeds issued its first marriage licenses to same-sex couples on monday morning about a dozen couples lined up before the office opened at 8 o'clock this comes after a federal judge in asheville ruled on friday the state's ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional. A city council member in north carolina is lashing out at hypocritical politicians who preach family values but use gay hookup sites on the down-low last weekend, charlotte councilwoman lawana mayfield took to twitter ask if intimate photos posted on grindr by conservative lawmakers were okay to.
Kingston Place is an ideal investment for those who appreciate nature and are ready for a lifestyle far from the stresses of city living! Unique, exclusive design. 2 Bedroom units on the waters edge, north facing within the security area of the Marina Martinique. You only pay R10 000.00 deposit now and the rest on registration.
The stranger notes & analysis the free the stranger notes include comprehensive information and analysis to help you understand the book these free notes consist of about 44 pages (12,911 words) and contain the following sections: author information. The stranger questions and answers in a literary work, a minor character, often known as a foil, possesses traits that emphasize, by contrast or comparison, the distinctive characteristics and qualities of the main character the stranger on page 10, meusault says that at the viewing of his mother, he felt as if the elderly people there. Obviously, camus was very much intrigued with the irony of a mother and a daughter murdering a rich stranger, who, by chance, is their son and brother the women, it is assumed, have probably murdered other rich strangers who have come to their inn this particular guest, being alone in. The stranger offers one of the most striking openings in modern fiction: “mama died today or yesterday maybe, i don’t know” immediately introduced is a character, meursault, so.
The meursault investigation - chapter 1 summary & analysis kamel daoud this study guide consists of approximately 52 pages of chapter summaries, quotes, character analysis, themes, and more - everything you need to sharpen your knowledge of the meursault investigation. As most readers of albert camus's masterpiece, l'etranger [the stranger] are aware, camus conceived his protagonist meursault as a type of christ figure in his famous introduction to the 1955 american university edition, he wrote, [this is] the story of a man who, without any heroics, agrees to. The stranger - an existential hero typically does not conform to society's ideals and challenges conformity meursault is a very unemotional character and his uniqueness is displayed throughout the novel when his reactions and thoughts differ greatly from the average person. The meursault investigation takes place on the other side of that door, offering a glimpse of the fallout from meursault's futile violence its.
Meursault character timeline in the stranger the timeline below shows where the character meursault appears in the stranger the colored dots and icons indicate. Character analysis who is this guy the short answer: he's a sociopathic half uninterested in life but there's nothing we at shmoop hate more than boring ol' surface-skimming analysis actually, there are some enormously important, changes going on underneath meursault's calm exterior one of the major points of the stranger isn't. There was very little premeditation in mersault's action, indeed it was only by coincidence that he even had possession of the gun throughout the book mersault is indifferent to the three deaths that take place, his mother's, the arab's and ultimately his own. Explain why the public was receptive to the stranger people during this time period had lived through two world wars and the great depression, so they could understand the existential concepts such a turbulent time to live.
Gatsby camus revision the analysis of the books the great gatsby and the stranger will be presented under the concurrent theme of tragic hero, or absurd hero the two main characters from each novel will be discussed in this paper gatsby and meursault. The stranger homework help questions what is the symbolic meaning of salamano's dog in the novel in the stranger, the relationship between salamano and his dog is analogous to both the. The stranger by albert camus is a super short novel, but its substance is heavy the main character, meursault, unsympathetically attends his mother’s funeral, begins an immoral relationship with a female co-worker the next day, becomes involved in his debauched neighbor’s problems, and ends up murdering a man without reasonable motive. Character study: meursault in ‘ the outsider’ , meursault’s character is understood through events and relationships with the people around him the protagonist of this story, meursault, is the outsider, because his behavior is abnormal or different from the rest of the society. (read full character analysis) the defense lawyer meursault 's lawyer who tries to defend meursault's character, to present his crime as an accident, and to disassociate meursault's behavior at his mother's funeral from the murder.
Albert camus wrote the stranger during the existentialist movement, which explains why the main character in the novel, meursault, is characterized as detached and emotionless, two of the aspects of existentialismin meursault, camus creates a character he intends his readers to relate to, because he creates characters placed in realistic situations. Revisiting camus' the stranger decades later no longer gave us a meursault that appeared to be the unabashed nihilist which we had seen in him back when rather did we find him to be a deeply traumatized individual who hadn't reflected his pain. A person who does not know, or is not known in, a particular place or community: i'm a stranger in these parts in england this work is published under the title “the outsider” using specific examples from the text and your understanding of existentialism explain which title you believe to.
The stranger, an english translation of the 1798 play menschenhass und reue (misanthropy and repentance) by august von kotzebue fictional characters and stage personae edit phantom stranger , a character in the dc comics universe. The stranger is basically a reductio ad, well, absurdum it takes an absurdist character (ie someone who believes that there's no deeper meaning to be found in life) and, with the the help of extremely unfortunate events, makes a statement about how people like meursault would fair in society. The character of meursault the objective facts that the book gives us about meursault in fact, we do not know much about him we do not even know his first name.
Character analysis meursault bookmark this page manage my reading list basically, one should remember that meursault is a man who will not lie about himself, a man who cannot accept the formulas by which his society convinces itself it is happy. The stranger essay examples 185 total results an overview of the stranger, a novel by albert camus 381 words 1 page an analysis of the character of meursault in albert camus' the stranger 687 words 2 pages character analysis of meursault in the stranger by albert camus the life of the complex character meusault in albert camus' book. Meursault mersault is the protagonist of albert camus' novel l'étranger he was born and lives still in algeria ('a citizen of france domiciled in north africa, a man of the mediterranean, an homme du midi yet one who hardly partakes of the traditional mediterranean culture.
The stranger by albert camus is a very short novel that can easily be read in an afternoon however, digesting the content will certainly take much longer as this little novel raises serious questions about morality, society, justice, religion, and individuality. Likewise, in the stranger, meursault is perhaps a little pitiable in the first two acts, but pitiable only in the way you pity someone who must suffer as all others have suffered, to gain something of value. The stranger is a relatively simple yet intriguing novel that centers around a man, meursault, the protagonist of the novel he is characterized greatly by his emotional indifference, his way of thinking contributing to the book's lasting reputation.
Branden jacob jenkins’ satirical drama an octoroon, is an adaptation of dion boucicault’s 1859 melodrama of the same name preserving much of the same dialogue, it aims to enlighten by staging the script through a 21st century lens. Key difference – critique vs review to most people a critique and review hold no difference as they are both types of evaluations or assessments of a piece of work this, however, is a misleading idea because a critique and review are two different things that share certain components. Theatre evaluations an evaluation is a formal, written discussion of a performance of a play or musical the evaluation should contain five paragraphs. The play being discussed in this critique will be metamorphoses written and originally directed by mary zimmerman the uri theatre department produced its own version directed by steven raider-ginsburg. A critic is a professional who communicates an assessment and an opinion of various forms of creative works such as art, literature, music, cinema, theater, fashion, architecture, and food critics may also take as their subject social or government policy.
The height of the storm review – pryce and atkins are magnetic 4 out of 5 stars. Play response after viewing one of the required plays, write a careful critique of the direction based on the knowledge you have from this class and your educated personal opinions. Read through our london theatre reviews and find out about new theatre openings, as time out reviews the best and worst theatre in london this week, bringing you the. Critique is a somewhat formal word that typically refers to a careful judgment in which someone gives an opinion about something review can refer to an essay analyzing a literary or artistic work, but can also sometimes imply a more casual or personal opinion.
Intro to theatre play critique i went to the university of north carolina school of the arts february 25, 2012 to see a production of the mystery of edwin drood. Live theatre critique of junie b jones 1 january 2017 christmas it wasn’t fancy like most theatres it reminded my of a high school auditorum they had the stage set up like a class room for the scene they were doing first the first part of the play was set up like an classroom, and the second part pf the play was set up like a bookstore. The best plays, theatre productions and musicals in london, as reviewed by time out's critics our theatre critics recommend the best london theatre of the moment go to the content go to the footer. Theatre which is a main source of entertainment has made various stories in her womb regarding theatres in all over the world like african, yoruba theatre, asian theatre, middle-east theatre and western theatre like greek theatres and modern russian theatre. 1/28/14 performance critique on the apo one-acts most people who attend theatre go searching for entertainment and don’t spend the time to analyze the play or understand its true meaning in the apo one-act plays “naomi in the living room” and “this space” satire is used to entertain the audience and make them laugh the main theme in both of these plays is to use humor, irony, and.
How to write a theatre review when a theatre review can be a succinct and witty 140-character critique on smart theatre publicists and marketing departments know these bloggers are. The vivid description in this student critique makes it exceptional it also includes a strong introduction and conclusion grounded analysis, interpretation, and evaluation strong flow, and appropriate use of language conventions the writer was able to create a strong thesis for the entire paper. Theatre: theatre, in dramatic arts, an art concerned almost exclusively with live performances in which the action is precisely planned to create a coherent and significant sense of drama though the word theatre is derived from the greek theaomai, “to see,” the performance itself may appeal either to the.
Theatre -- critique assignments each student will complete three critiques these critiques must be of full-length plays read and/or seen during the semester, in addition to the assigned play readings (full-length is considered to be two- or three-acts -- not one-act plays -- and movies / videos are not acceptable unless approved by me in advance. The theatre acting, the stage, drama, the boards (informal), show business, show biz (informal), performing on the stage, the dramatic arts you can move on to work in the films and the theatre. Ben okri on why the novel is perceived to be so difficult to adapt for the theatre save wednesday, 5 september, 2018 review dance nation, almeida theatre, london — furious and funny.
Guidelines for theatre critique written critiques dance critique students are required to submit a typed critique along with a ticket and program for each performance attended. London theater reviews epic shakespeare and bite-size pinter command the london stage there is much to enjoy in a production of “antony and cleopatra” and a season of pinter’s one-act plays. Expert reviews, notes, comments, information and more from our theatre critics. The deliciously demented gathering of actors, musicians, writers, techies, and directors at the ochre house never seem to run dry when it comes to strange, stirring and marvelous ideas, often mashi.
A critique is an oral or written discussion strategy used to analyze, describe, and interpret works of art critiques help students hone their persuasive oral and writing.
Sample: theatre review there are some things that money just can't buy love, honest success, real adoration, and competency are but a few examples that come to mind.
Guidelines for viewing dance and writing critiques for dance performances by myra daleng, richmond department of theatre & dance (printable version here)chance favors a prepared mind.
Theatre quotes from brainyquote, an extensive collection of quotations by famous authors, celebrities, and newsmakers every age has its storytelling form, and video gaming is a huge part of our culture. Study english at goshen college whenever you read an essay, use the following questions to guide your response first, keep in mind that, although you may not be a writing expert, you are the reader of this essay and your response is a valid onei have found that almost every reader, regardless of experience, can identify the primary strength and weakness in an essay, although their method of. Csec theatre arts sba 2015 slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising if you continue browsing the.
boy, i'm going slightly nuts here...I've got three NYC screenings I'm trying to plan and 2 festivals (i don't think i can go to all 3 at this point cuz it'll be so much travel... anways, i'm working frantically to get my dvd packaging and promo items like one sheets and postcards ready for them.
so here's the near final..still doing some copy changes and minor tweaks, but i think this is it!!!!
OK OK OK, this are THE final versions. It's gone to print. I swapped the cover image because I think it adds a heightened level of excitement from the looks of the actors' faces...
shoooot man, I just want a copy because this is one of the best logs of an independent film I've ever seen. good job man
mark the flyer the DVD all the packaging is coming out really great. I really love the end product very sexy!I am glad you are blogging through this experience. I am sure you will learn even more this way.
Yo Mark, congrats on the award. I think the original poster -- with huge head of the robot in the middle was more impactful. Right away -- even at such thimbnail size you posted it was impactfull so in bigger size it would right away generate more interest.
Deployment Strategy accepted and nominated for "Best Science Fiction" at the ShockerFest Film Festival!
A visit to Maison Chloé, from the archives to Guy Bourdin (with an interview from Judith Clark) - Videos (#19120)
Home › Videos › A visit to Maison Chloé, from the archives to Guy Bourdin (with an interview from Judith Clark)
A hotel particulier almost hidden in the heart of Paris, where scattered over five floors are several works of art and private rooms, ready to receive and where the house of Chloé founded by Gaby Aghion in 1952 has chosen to install its archive department, all whilst emphasising the cultural space. (interview)The visit can begin in the “Chloé Girls room”, where several pieces from the past designers of the house are exhibited in like an alphabet book, from Karl Lagerfeld to Stella McCartney or Clare Waight Keller, you can also discover Solange Knowles’ project with the house. (interview)And a first exhibition that emphasises the photographs of Guy Bourdin, issued mostly from French Vogue with models clearly sporting Chloé designed outfits. "Femininities - Guy Bourdin" - exhibition until 18th November 2017, Maison Chloé - 28 rue de La Baume, 75008 ParisInterview with Judith Clark:The opening of this building coincides with the 65th anniversary of the house. So it marks a kind of looking back as well as a looking forward. Presenting the archive, conserving the archive on the fifth floor, opening it up to visits but also questioning it and wondering where its strengths are and where the relationships have been over the years. We’ve commissioned an archive box which looks like a very modest box within the archive but in fact where Solange Knowles the songwriter, singer, activist that she is, has chosen words from the Chloé archive and has used them as kind of samplers to a song so it shows the moment of inspiration when an archive is translated into another kind of contemporary project. Why we chose Guy Bourdin for this first exhibition in the maison was that quite literally he was the photogropher who photographed Chloé more than any other and I think this was both a kind of fact, a numerical fact, but also something that people wouldn’t necessarily expect. So I think all us through the conversations leading up to the exhibition liked this fact and element of surprise and that it cast a kind of new light on the design house but also maybe a new light on his work.Music royalty free: Bandit & Nikit 2017
Beauty products maker Coty Inc missed revenue estimates for the second consecutive quarter on Wednesday, as hurricane Florence in the United States disrupted supplies of its luxury products to retailers.
The similarity of the latest collections designed by Vaccarello for Saint Laurent and Slimane for Celine raised eyebrows among buyers, now split between enthusiasts and sceptics.
As the luxury kidswear market continues to expand, Mytheresa has announced the launch of Mytheresa Kids with the debut happening in January but Gucci and Dolce & Gabbana capsules launching for the party season.
The Italian luxury label has appointed as design director of accessories, the former creative director of Stuart Weitzman, who also worked for Chloé, Burberry and Prada.
The women's collections for next summer, presented in New York, London, Milan and Paris between September 6 and October 2, showcased 10 main trends, with a noticeable return to femininity.
Somehow in just four seasons under the guidance of Natacha Ramsay-Levi, the house of Chloé has become the most Parisian of all fashion brands.
The investment vehicle of Kering owners the Pinault family, which previously held 40% of Courrèges' capital, has now acquired the entirety of the French fashion house known for its futurist style.
After Cartier, Alaïa and Balenciaga, it is now Montblanc’s turn to sign a licence deal with Kering Eyewear for the development, production and distribution of its eyeglasses and sunglasses.
One of the abiding mysteries in luxury is the far greater ability of Paris brands to outperform their venerable, respected and often very classy London rivals. Dunhill may be about to become a significant exception.
The General Assembly of the Fédération de la Haute Couture et de la Mode (FHCM) – French fashion’s governing body – on Thursday re-elected Ralph Toledano as President of the Federation for an extended four-year term.
The latest step in the renovation of Champs Elysees is the new flagship of J. M. Weston, France’s classiest shoe brand. A superb timeless showcase, possibly the most luxurious setting of any shoe store anywhere.
The 2018 ANDAM Prize went to Antonin Tron (Atlein), and the jury also recognised Ludovic de Saint Sernin for creativity, Stéphanie D'Heygere for accessories and Colorifix for innovation.
Racy retro glamour with a twist and a blast of movie star wattage at Miu Miu whose 2019 cruise collection kicked off the Paris haute couture season, notwithstanding the fact it did not contain any couture.
​The Loft, situated at Kolkata’s Quest Mall, is currently hosting designer pop-up event "Luxury Edition '18" which runs until July 1.
Lanvin has held initial talks with Haider Ackermann in recent weeks as its new Chinese owners search for a creative director. However, it remains unclear whether Fosun International will hire him, sources have said.
Richemont has appointed Eric Vallat (with previous tenures at Louis Vuitton and Bonpoint) as its first-ever director of fashion and accessories brands, a newly created role for the Swiss luxury group.
​Luxury giant Richemont said Monday that it has completed the sale of its underperforming Lancel brand to accessories specialist Piquadro. It didn't reveal the terms of the deal.
Of the nine designers shortlisted for the prestigious LVMH Prize 2018, whose winner will be named on 6th June, a few are London-based, among them Samuel Ross, Charles Jeffrey and Rok Hwang.
The New York-based lifestyle group announced the resignation of the Italian designer from its Stuart Weitzman footwear brand on Monday, citing unspecified workplace misconduct as the reason for the departure.
American actress Meghan Markle picked a sleek sculpted dress by Givenchy creative head Clare Waight Keller for her wedding to Prince Harry and later changed into Stella McCartney, a label also chosen by other big names.
Founded by the house to retrace its history, 'Maison Chloé' opened its doors on July 2 with an exhibition dubbed 'Femininities-Guy Bourdin', at number 28 rue de la Baume in the 8th Paris arrondissement.
Think of haute couture as fashion’s great honey pot. A unique Parisian nectar that always manges to lure couturiers, designers, brands and events into five days. Starting Saturday, it will stage its busiest season ever.
NARS has announced that its latest collaboration is with French actress, singer and style icon Charlotte Gainsbourg. The 18-piece collection is set to launch in May 2017.
An exceptional selection of fashion images by 20th century fashion photographers Irving Penn, Richard Avedon, Helmut Newton, Peter Lindbergh, Guy Bourdin and others will be showcased at Sotheby’s in London on 19 May.
Nars last week launched its much anticipated collaboration line with Steven Klein. The 23-piece Steven Klein for Nars Fantascene collection features entirely new shades and formulas for the line.
On Thursday, November 27, the prestigious Somerset House in London opened an exhibition retracing the work of photographer Guy Bourdin.
Italian designers label Gianfranco Ferre was defiant in the face of uncertainty over its future on Monday, with a Milan fashion week show which excelled in striking geometric cuts and rich fabrics.
For the 7th consecutive year, Cannes welcomes the International Festival of Fashion Photography. Two prizes will be awarded and an homage to the talent of Guy Bourdin will be given.
I wish to subscribe for free to FashionNetwork's daily newsletter exclusive for fashion, luxury and beauty professionals.
Jeff Soulen M.D. is Associate Director of Integral University‘s Healthcare Management Center and a regular presenter at Integral Institute seminars. As a psychiatrist in private psychotherapy practice, he is trained in a wide range of psychotherapeutic approaches at the Sheppard-Pratt Health System. For the past 11 years he has been a psychotherapy supervisor in the Sheppard Pratt/University of Maryland psychiatry residency program where he is sought after for his ability to teach an Integral approach addressing everything from psychopharmacology to psychodynamics to family systems to transpersonal issues. In his practice, he serves diverse individuals from the chronically mentally ill to those seeking spiritual growth, and teaches integral theory and its practical application to psychotherapy in a variety of public and professional settings.
PSV stands for Posh, Style, and Vibe. This is a new kind of condo for a new era of Mississauga. PSV is a reflection of a style personality and attitude to call our own. A fun, vibrant place for a family and friends where you can step outside to eclectic cafes and restaurants, chic shops and boutiques, green spaces parks and trails. PSV at Parkside village redefines neighbourhood and will completely redefine the way you live.
I've decide to turn my attention back to making textures along with other resources and I will be sharing these with you each month.
Enjoy the perks of VIP including priority entrance and your own private table with a personal cocktail server plus a dedicated VIP host to assist with any special requests throughout the show.
Submit the online request above to contact VIP services. Our team will fill you in on the best options to make your concert an unforgettable experience. VIP reservations are not inclusive of concert tickets. A ticket is required to gain entry to our shows.
Ruby red colour; modest aromas of dark cherries, ripe strawberries, plums with hints of sweet spice; the palate is medium-dry, full-bodied with balanced flavours that reflect the nose.
A delicious combination of dark fruits, mocha coffee & herbal savouriness. Mid-weight with a soft texture& Old World structure.
‘Organic Rhone wine offers up an earthy, mineral driven style w/pepper, leafy herbs & dark fruit showing on the nose & palate.’ Robert Parker
Elegant and medium-bodied offering aromas of cherry, tea and herbal spice. On the palate, the wine gives flavours of black cherry, plum, and spice. It is smooth with a silky texture and mild tannins.
Voluptuous & full bodied with aromas of intense blueberry & plum. Jammy & inky in appearance with nutmeg, fruit compote & vanilla in the mouth.
A ripe, modern take on Barbera from one of Piedmont’s top producers. Rich blackberries sprinkled with oak spice start you off, followed by intriguing asppy flavours coated in delectable creamy oak. 92 pts. Decanter
Small French & American oak barrel aged, rich with cassis, plum, spices and bell pepper. The palate is full with medium tannins & a lush finish.
Show a superb, deep cherry red hue and dark purple tinge on the disc. Fresh, fruity aromas are accompanied by a touch of menthol and pepper. Supple and round on the palate, with excellent structure on the finish.
“the more affordable Chateauneuf du Pape” This GSM has a big complex nose loads of red & black fruit, spice, leather & garrigue. Full-bodied, creamy & rich.
Deep and intense on the nose with perfumes of dried cherries and blueberries, with notes of spiced autumn fruit compote. It’s powerful but modern, with a lovely balance of ripe tannins, spices, and a concentrated savoury cherry fruit character. A touch of wood smoke completes the long finish.
A very fruit-forward organic & bio-dynamic wine with ripe fruit aromas of peach & sweet mandarin. The palate is both zesty & sweet with wonderful peach notes.
Hints of tropical fruit are immediate, nuanced with light, herby floral notes. Melon, almond, acacia flowers, apples and citrus with a hint of aromatic mint come to mind. A zesty wine, that is robust, with a soft, elegant, mouth filling finish.
This wine exhibits all the positive attributes of barrel fermentation - a fullness of aroma, creamy texture and layers of complexity. Very rich & complex, with concentrated fig, melon, apricot and light lime citrus hints
The deep humus-rich soil of Wagram produces an intense bouquet of floral notes, honeysuckle and acacia leads into a palate of ripe green apples and peaches, with a long and persistent finish.
Intense aromas of blackcurrant, crushed lemongrass and thyme mingle with passionfruit and melon highlights. A complex and elegant wine with underlying ripe fruit and mineral notes 98pts. Decanter Magazine ‘Exceptional!’
An homage to white Bordeaux, highly intrigiong with notes of sweet grass, honeysuckle & lemon thyme. Beeswax undertones from the Semillon add complexity and weight.
A fragrant wine with intense green apple, pear, light peach and floral aromatics. A pleasant and fine sparkling wine that is fresh and well balanced.
This gently sparkling, off-dry Rosé is an incredibly fragrant and fresh blend of Gamay & Poulsard bursting with charm & refreshing berry flavours. Bottled after primary fermentation, it goes through secondary fermentation in bottle with no dosage
Tightly knit, focused by robust acidity and a streak of minerality, this offers subtle notes of white peach, anise, biscuit & kumquat. The refined finish echoes a smoky note.
“This russet-amber dessert wine has a glorious nose of semi-dried dates, apricot, honey, lavender and molasses. Warning - it is very sweet, thick and hot, but the rich almost chocolaty fruit powers through. Flavours unfurl for several minutes on the finish.” 93 pts, David Lawrason, winealign.com
Since my hubby was gone this weekend at a Men's Advance with the guys from our church, I took the opportunity to catch up a bit on my scrapbooking...so I put myself on a cardmaking ban until I hit my goal! I do my scrapbooking by year, so my goal was to finish the last of 2009...about 25 pages!!! And yesterday afternoon - I finished the last one! So...I rewarded myself by making a quick card last night!
I am entering this in the Inspired Heart Challenge over at Getting Cricky with K Andrews - to make a project about what inspired you right at this moment. The sermon at church yesterday morning was talking a lot about the Resurrection, and that is what Easter is to me! And very little makes me think of new life as much as butterflies!
For this card, I used the Unity Stamp January Kit of the month for the stamped flower border with black Stickles in the centers, and the sentiment came from a stamp in my stash...don't remember what brand it was, but I know I purchased it from Michael's. Added some butterflies that I cut from Straight from the Nest, on the shift key of the phrase feature - covered them with Glossy Accents and glitter. Inked the edges of everything, and finished with some luscious velvet ribbon and stick on red pearls.
How beautiful! I really love the butterflies!! Thanks for playing along in the Simply Sunday Challenge.
Wow oh wow! This is a beautiful card! I love the colors and all the glitter. I too love my Unity KOM. Thanks for sharing and inspiring!
This is absolutly GORGEOUS! The red and turquoise just pops--but that glitter just makes the entire card! LOVE it!
Remember to submit completed recruitment forms by May 1 for Spring 2018 recruitment. To obtain a Recruitment Information Form (RIF), click here. click on "Alumnae" and find the Recruitment Information and RIF under “Support.” Complete the form online and print it, or print the blank form and hand-write the information.
Please deliver a recruitment packet that should include; 3 copies of the completed RIF, 3 copies of the potential member’s resume’, 1 full-length photo, 1 headshot photo, 1 copy of a “photo of choice” (with the name on the back of all photos) and 2 letters of support, to any of the representatives (regardless of the university the potential member is attending), or you may mail them to Aimee Verheeck.
Also, boxes will be on the porches of the committee members listed below from May 1st to May 17th, so you can pick up a blank RIF form to complete as well as drop off completed forms. For recruitment dates for Spring 2018 go to the Pi Beta Phi site. Sign up information on HAPA website: www.houston-panhellenic.org. If you have any questions, please contact Aimee Verheeck.
Drop packets off between Monday, May 1, and Wednesday, May 17, at any of the following Pi Phi homes regardless of the school PNM is attending:
New kits added regularly so check back later - kits may be customised on request - logos may be added on request - kits may be adapted to suit alternative models - some kits also may be adapted to suit alternative brands
Description Rocket League’s accession progression arrangement alleged the Rocket Canyon is appointed to be out by the end of August, Psyonix announced.The Rocket Canyon was appear endure ages with the game’s developers adage that they were acquisitive for a absolution ancient during the summer, and in a added contempo update, the timeframe was added aesthetic to say that the aggregation hopes to acquire the Rocket Canyon accessible in August www.lolga.com. In a column about the game’s next big amend that’s alleged Zephyr, the Rocket Alliance developers hinted at the approaching of both Rocket Canyon and the game’s progression system.“‘What’s up with Rocket Canyon and the new progression system?’ is acceptable your next question!” the Rocket Alliance advertisement said. “Both are still on clue as categorical in our Summer Roadmap. We still plan to awning them in an amend afore the end of August, so astern acquainted for added advice in the advancing weeks.” If you’ve apparent Fortnite’s Activity Canyon or agnate projects such as PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds’ Accident Pass, you’ll acquire an abstraction of what the Rocket Canyon does. The advertisement for the affection said that it’ll be a time-limited progression arrangement with several Rocket Passes hoped to be appear ceremony year. It’s accessible in both a paid and chargeless anatomy as able-bodied with the $9.99 advantage acceptance players to alleviate even added agreeable like car bodies, keys, and added cosmetics. Acquaintance boosts will aswell be awarded to added your Rocket Canyon progression, but if you don’t ambition to pay anything, you can crop advantage of the chargeless Rocket Canyon that comes with customization items, banners, titles, and Decryptors Rocket League Items.The Rocket Canyon isn’t bound to any accurate platform, so anyone who plays Rocket Alliance can acceptance both the chargeless and paid versions. The capacity of the Rocket Canyon will aswell be arresting to players above-mentioned to purchasing it, so you can attending through them aboriginal to accomplish an abreast accommodation on whether or not you ambition in on the aberrant progression.As for the Zephyr amend that’s advancing eventually than the Rocket Canyon feature, this mini amend will acquaint a new crate with a few added changes.
three quarter bed size three quarter mattress large size of mattresses upholstered frames mattress and box springs custom comfort wallpaper 3 quarter bed size uk three quarter bed size south africa.
The introduction is the first chapter of your dissertation and thus is the starting point of your dissertation. You describe the topic of your dissertation, formulate the problem statement and write an overview of your dissertation.
Gain the reader’s interest. Make sure that you get the reader’s attention by using clear examples from recent news items or everyday life.
Demonstrate the relevance of the study. Convince the reader of the scientific and practical relevance.
What is the motive for your research? This can be a recent news item or something that has always interested you. By choosing an interesting example, the reader is immediately encouraged to read the rest of your introduction.
Based on the motivation or problem indication, you describe the topic of your dissertation. Make sure that you directly define the topic of your research. Don’t fall into the trap of wanting to research too much, but rather always look for a niche.
Using arguments, state the scientific relevance of your research. You can do this by citingscientific articles and combining them. Also, highlight here the discussion chapters of studies that you are going to use for your own research.
Next, explain the practical use of your research. If you find this difficult to do, then try to pose the question of your research’s use to friends or acquaintances. They often have a completely different view of your topic.
When you are writing a dissertation for a company, you will find that the scientific relevance is much more difficult to demonstrate. On the other hand, it should be easier to show the practical benefit. Don’t think just of the company at which you are doing an internship, but think of, for example, practical applications for the entire industry.
In this element of the introduction, you specify the most important scientific articles that relate to your topic and you briefly explain them. Thus, you show that many studies have been conducted around the topic, and that you won’t get stuck due to finding too little information on your topic.
In this part, you describe the objective of your study and the problem statement that you have formulated. Pay attention: there is a difference between the objective and the problem statement. To answer the problem statement, you can use research questions. These are sometimes also called sub-questions. If you use hypotheses instead of research questions, you can also note them here.
The basis of the hypotheses is the conceptual framework. However, sometimes you are not yet able to formulate hypotheses, because you are first going to conduct a literature review. In this case you develop the hypotheses and the conceptual framework later, after the literature review.
Later in your research, you develop the research design in detail. However, in the introduction you also provide a brief summary of your research design. How, where, when and with whom are you going to conduct your research?
Here, you briefly describe how your dissertation is constructed. Summarize each chapter briefly in one paragraph at the most, but preferably in one sentence. Make sure your dissertation outline is not repetitively phrased because it does not vary its word choice.
Often, the research proposal or the action plan is a good start for writing your introduction. You will notice that you already have written many parts of the introduction in your research proposal.
Although the introduction is at the beginning of your dissertation, this placement doesn’t mean that you must finish the introduction before you can start the rest of your research. The further you get in your research, the easier it will be to write a good introduction that is to the point. Thus, it’s no disaster if you can’t write a perfect introduction right away. Take up the introduction again at a later time and keep writing and editing until you arrive at a nice whole.
To introduce your subject and indicate what you wish to discuss, you should use the simple present tense. Background information is written in the simple past tense or present perfect tense.
There are no specific requirements with regard to the length of your introduction. Thus, there’s no need to squeeze everything together on just one page, like with the abstract.
But you do need to write to the point. Don’t repeat yourself and only write down what’s actually important to introduce your topic and research.
* It is possible that you are first going to conduct the literature review before you formulate the conceptual framework.
** It is possible that you are not yet able to formulate the hypotheses because you are first going to conduct a literature review.
Chances are that if you have successfully completed the dissertation steps needed for you to begin collecting dissertation data (i.e., choosing a dissertation topic and writing a dissertation proposal), you may be ready to begin writing various chapters you're your dissertation. This process can seem daunting to many students in the dissertation phase. As such, a useful strategy for dissertation writing is to write the dissertation in sections. Writing the dissertation section-by section can help. Some sections of the dissertation writing will be easier to write than other sections of the dissertation. It is a good idea to get dissertation introduction help from a dissertation consultant when you are ready to begin writing the dissertation introduction chapter. You should definitely get dissertation introduction help from a dissertation consultant if you feel over whelmed or don't know where to begin. Here, we provide some dissertation tips that may help you conceptualize and write the first chapter of your dissertation- the dissertation introduction chapter.
The first chapter of the dissertation is the dissertation introduction. The introduction chapter of the dissertation is the first chapter and it sets the stage for what will be presented in the pages that follow it. There are some helpful dissertation writing tips you can try when writing the dissertation introduction chapter. We do not go into detail here, but we describe what should be in the dissertation introduction chapter of your dissertation. These are general dissertation writing tips for the dissertation introduction. For specific issues related to your dissertation introduction section you may want to contact a dissertation consultant for dissertation introduction writing help.
Each of these sections will be reviewed in more detail below. Remember to contact a dissertation consultant for help with the dissertation introduction. Getting dissertation writing help with the introduction could save you time and prevent some of the dissertation anxiety you may experience.
The first section of the dissertation introduction section is a statement of the problem your dissertation addresses. You are showing the reader why your dissertation is important. In this section of the introductory chapter of the dissertation tell the reader what major problems your dissertation will address and how your dissertation will fill any research gaps. Through writing, show the reader why your dissertation matters and how it might help the field. Dissertation consultants can be especially useful when you are conceptualizing the problem your dissertation addresses. A dissertation consultant can help you conceptualize and write this section of the dissertation introduction.
Next, provide a brief overview of the dissertation study for the reader. More specifically, in the introduction section of your dissertation you should briefly summarize your major dissertation research questions. As a dissertation consultant would suggest, don't go into great detail here. You should write something like "This dissertation is an attempt to address the issue of untreated mental illness among children". In the introduction section of your dissertation, briefly tell the reader what you are attempting to do in your research. If you get stuck here, it may be a good idea to contact a dissertation consultant who can help you develop the dissertation introduction section.
In the next section of our dissertation introduction chapter you should discuss the significance of your dissertation chapter. In this section of the introductory chapter of the dissertation you should briefly write about the dissertation importance and how your dissertation findings might be applied to some problem or issue. In this section of your dissertation introduction chapter, tell the reader why your dissertation is special. This section will help the reader understand the dissertation's significance. In this section of the dissertation introduction chapter tell the reader how your dissertation might address the problem at hand. Many students writing their dissertation need help with this. This can be difficult to write. If it is, contact a dissertation consultant for help, coaching and assistance with the dissertation introduction chapter.
In the final section of your dissertation introduction section briefly tell the reader what is in the dissertation chapters that follow. Tell them what is in dissertation chapter one through the concluding dissertation chapter. An example of what you might write in this section of the dissertation introduction chapter is something like this: "In chapter 2 of the dissertation the literature on mental health among children is discussed" or "In chapter 4 of the dissertation the results of statistical analyses are presented". Here, you provide the reader with a road map.
If you have addressed the abovementioned topics in your dissertation introduction chapter and you still feel uncertain-do your self a favor and contact a consultant for dissertation writing help. A writing consultant will help you write a strong dissertation introduction. Getting dissertation introduction writing help from a consultant can help ease your stress during an already stressful period.
At first glance, people tend to think of aloe as belonging to the cactus family, but it is actually a perennial in the lily family with many different species. It is considered a succulent evergreen perennial that belongs to the same Liliaceae or lily family as onions, garlics and garlic chives.
Aloe comes from the Arabic word for “bitter.” Its roots lie in Africa and the Mediterranean region, and its long history is said to go back many centuries before the Common Era to the time of ancient Egypt. There is a famous legend that Cleopatra preserved her beauty through the use of olive oil and aloe. She was endowed with both good looks and intelligence and is said to have been knowledgeable about the components and applications of olives and aloe and to have used this knowledge to her advantage.
The Rio Grande Valley , Texas, where we are located is a prime location for the cultivation of Aloe Vera with a nearly year-round tropical climate.
Out of the more than 500 species of aloe said to exist in the world, the species that has attracted the most attention among researchers is Aloe Vera, Latin for “true aloe.” Aloe Vera contains a good balance of valuable components and is said to have many other beneficial components that are not as yet well understood.
but their synergistic interaction in Aloe Vera makes them even more effective in the maintenance of good health. Their components, in part, are:
*Items marked with an asterisk are essential amino acids. At first, it was believed that humans needed only eight kinds of amino acids, not including histidine. After a long period of observation, however, it has been realized that the amino acid histidine is also required, bringing the current total of essential amino acid to nine
Harmony Green’s Aloe Vera fields stretch from the southern tip of Texas in the United States down into Mexico. During the summer, this vast tract of land is relentlessly scorched and dried by the sun—making it a rugged land that both confronts and coexists with nature. The region is famous throughout the world for its production of Aloe Vera. Harmony Green’s Aloe Vera is grown here organically, and only good quality, carefully selected Aloe Vera plants are used in our products. We cultivate Aloe Vera packed full of nutrients from the sun and earth with great care in this spacious land until it is ready to be delivered to our customers.
At Harmony Green, we have allowed our vision to take shape naturally. Our organic Aloe Vera juice is packed with all-natural, thick Aloe Vera that has been drenched in the heat of the sun and grown on spacious, pristine land without the use of any pesticides or chemical fertilizers.
Because we want to deliver our products in their natural form, we only use high-quality Aloe Vera flesh (gel) without the addition of water or preservatives. Since our products are delivered in their natural form, properties such as color and taste may vary depending on the harvest time. Our products have a variety of certifications to ensure their all-natural quality.
This seal certifies that a food product has been produced in line with the National Organic Program (NOP), the uniform set of standards for organic products in the USA. The certification is only given to food products that meet these strict standards.
Production on agricultural land that has not been treated with any pesticides or chemical fertilizers for at least three years prior to harvesting.
Farming od organic crop performed in a way that supports local ecological balance in both soil and wildlife maintenance.
This seal certifies that a food product has been produced in line with the JAS organic standards established by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries of Japan. These standards have been enacted to maintain and promote the cyclical function of nature in agriculture. The JAS certification for our Aloe Vera juice is carried out by Organic Crop Improvement Association (OCIA) an organic certification organization based in the United States, and a registered certifying agency.
The International Aloe Science Council is a nonprofit organization that has developed evaluation standards regarding the quality of commercially distributed aloe products. The IASC evaluates both Aloe Vera products and manufacturing plants that produce them, and its certification seal is given to those manufacturers who meet their strict evaluation standards.
The sender of the submitted film or screenplay is responsible for all copyrights. He is legally authorized to enter his film or screenplay in the festival and, if selected for the festival, authorized to give screening permission.
The applicant has secured all necessary rights for both picture and sound, and exhibition will not violate or infringe upon any rights, including but not limited to music, images, and content.
If selected for the festival the applicant acknowledges and agrees that an exhibition quality digital screening file must be made available for screening by the Date of Event.
The films will be handled with the outmost care. However, the festival management will assume no liability for damages or loss.
If screenings or information are inaccurate or flawed, the organizer is only liable in case of gross negligence.
“Your new folk-rock heroes…on ‘Silver Lining’ they sing about friends they’ve lost to addiction and still kick a chorus that could raise the roof of a hockey arena.” – Rolling Stone
“Amiable and soaring…ambles along with a welcome mix of knockabout likability and roof-raising grandeur.” – NPR Music
“Standout tracks like the politically attuned ‘Sheep’ have a homespun feel, while Quinn’s mellifluous vocals lace them with a hint of soul” – Yahoo Music
“Feel good indie-folk music that’s also socially poignant…interesting and beautifully thought out pieces of music that have connected with fans all over.” - HuffPost
Toronto, ON – March 2, 2018 – Today, Mt. Joy’s “amiable & soaring” (NPR Music) debut album, Mt. Joy, is out on Dualtone, an Entertainment One company. Deemed, “your new folk-rock heroes” by Rolling Stone, and selected by NPR as one of their Slingshot Artists for 2018, Mt. Joy — produced by Jon Gilbert — stands among 2018’s boldest musical breakthroughs and a showcase for Matt Quinn’s intuitive, direct songwriting that tackles everything from the vicious cycles of addiction to political calls to action in a post-Trump world.
Watch Mt. Joy perform hit single, Silver Lining, which just broke the Top 20 on the Triple A Radio Charts, during their national television debut on CONAN last month, here.
The band are preparing for a busy spring as they embark on a headlining tour, which includes dates in LA and New York, as well as a jam-packed schedule at SXSW. They're set for highly anticipated appearances at Shaky Knees, BottleRock, Innings Festival and more.
In little more than a year as a band, the LA-via-Philadelphia band has racked up over 18 million streams on Spotify, toured with Neko Case, The Shins, Whitney, The Head And The Heart and The Lone Bellow, and performed at Newport Folk Festival, Bonnaroo, Made In America and Lollapalooza.
Jon Patton and Adam Kraut host this weekly discussion covering everything from the latest firearms industry news to current political events and everything in between. Joined by guests from a variety of backgrounds and professions within the firearms industry, the TGC Podcast is a fun and engaging audio experience.
Join Adam and Jon as they discuss the continued march against gun speech by the tech companies and other current events.
We Like Shooting Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com
Few would argue that the logo is the single most important part of an organisation’s brand identity. Indeed, many people outside our industry mistakenly believe that to create a logo is to establish a brand. Not so. However, in building brand awareness, it has a crucial role to play.
Graphic designers will readily admit that the creative challenge of distilling the ethos and values of a brand to a single visual point of reference is demanding and rewarding in equal measure. Frequently, the logo is the first thing that identifies a brand and the organisation behind it. And if the end result is a seemingly simple mark or graphic icon then it conceals a process that is altogether more complex, the success of which hinges on the experience and creativity of the designer. There’s no hiding place where logo design is concerned.
Our team is skilled in creating logos that not only look great but, in the wider context of an organisation’s brand, provide an essential focal point. Whether the brief demands something bold, graphic and impactful or a more understated typographic approach, we will ensure your new logo is unique and appropriate to your market. To see some examples of the logos we’ve created, view our portfolio.
Congratulations to Firefly for the fantastic new website, it is one of the best I have viewed. So easy to follow, and the examples of work look great!
If you would like to find out more about Firefly and how our ideas, experience and creativity could make a real difference to your business please call us on:
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to the use of cookies as set out in our cookie policy.
The chief executive of a small pharmaceutical company defended hiking the price of an essential antibiotic by more than 400 percent and told the...
The Wasps fly-half Lima Sopoaga believes the player drain from New Zealand to Europe will increase because the lure of the All Blacks jersey no...
Gazprom will soon complete its part of the Power of Siberia gas pipeline to China, the Russian company announced on the sidelines of the Eastern...
George Papadopoulos, the one-time foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign caught up in the special counsel investigation into Russian meddling...
As this massive storm gets ready to impact the Mid-Atlantic states, the reality is that those in the rebuilding and refurnishing businesses are...
No need for reconciliations, with simultaneous settlements immediately available to all participants, and instant visibility into accounts...
StarLake Holdings, the holding company formed by St. Louis entrepreneur Jim McKelvey in 2016, closed on its deal to buy the St. Louis Post-Dispatch...
What is the average salary in the UK and how does the average wage in London compare to the rest of the UK?
Average earnings rose 2.6 per cent in the year to July, above the rate of inflation, which was last logged at 2.5 per cent. The Office for National...
VICTORIA Beckham has been mocked by fans after a mark­eting stunt ­backfired and sug-­ gested she wanted a divorce. The usually tight-lipped star...
It still remains unclear what exactly Gawker will be in its next iteration, but we now know when it will come back. The once-feared and now-shuttered...
Amazon, which has come under fire for treating warehouse workers "as robots," is now deflecting criticism for a 2016 patent that proposed to house...
If you’re affected by a hurricane, flood or another natural disaster, what does it mean for your mortgage?
A recruitment app that promises to find candidates a job in 24 hours has raised $16m (£12.3m) to help retailers and hospitality firms cope with...
This writer found a second act as an extra on TV and in the movies but is fed up with people asking him about his salary.
Morrisons is the latest major supermarket group to be challenged over equal pay for its shop floor workers in a claim which could cost the retailer...
Was Verizon&apos;s move into the original content business doomed from the start or was Tim Armstrong the wrong man for the job?
A British labor group says technology has made work more intensive and led to longer days. Shorter working weeks have been tested, with mixed results.
How many cabs in New York City? How many tears in a bottle of gin? These aren’t just the lyrics to a song by the Australian musician Paul Kelly. They...
Over half the workforce at the embattled Moorside nuclear site are to be made redundant as Toshiba struggles to sell the planned £15bn project. The...
A ball at the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts is bound to be spectacular. For the second year, title sponsor Jaeger-LeCoultre continues its generous support, offering some of their most classic timepieces for auction to raise scholarship funds for the development of talented Academy students.​ Guests at the annual fundraising event were also treated to orchestral performances, singing performances and even a silent movie.
Lieutenant Nikola Tepić was the half-brother of Major Milan Tepić, the latter well-known for having blown himself up along with an ammunition depot at Bjelovar to prevent it from falling into Croatian hands while fighting for Serbia in the war that would eventually disrupt Yugoslavia. Major Tepić later had streets, squares and parks named after him in Serbia. Yet my introduction here is less about him than about his less famous half-brother, who commanded the military reconnaissance unit in Csáktornya (today Čakovec in Croatia). Nikola was a man of good humour, keen observation and reasonable patience, although not immune to fits of superciliousness and prone to reach the end of his tether on occasion. This would happen particularly when the rank and file had had a good rest after one of those gruelling military exercises that left everyone drained. Then slowly it all began anew. Tension reasserted itself among various national and ethnic groups. Whispered slurs against Gypsies and Shiptars (Albanians) would become increasingly vociferous, until absurd conflicts began to escalate, fed by God only knows what violent sentiments and motivations, to the point when it was the slim against the fat, the short against the tall, you name it. Lieutenant Tepić watched this for some time, but after a while he could not take it any more. He sounded the alarm, whipped everyone into full combat gear, then assumed position at the head of the file – yes, in person, this official Marathon champion of the Yugoslav People’s Army – and hit it off in a brisk double march, the wings of the barrack gates flung wide open before him.
Through hills and dales, woods and fields, thorns and thickets, under birds on trees and poles, past watchmen’s huts they went, this trailing company hard on the heels of Nikola. By the time the good lieutenant decided to relent at last, the men’s tongues lolled from their mouths to the ground. They could barely muster a stagger. In fact, upon catching up with their commander, some of them stopped and bent over hands on knees, panting and coughing so hard they nearly spat out their lungs. A few even vomited. Before ordering a break after so many kilometres, lieutenant Tepić took off his cap, smoothed over his bristly hair and, truth be told a little out of breath himself, addressed his sergeant, whose face had turned from purple to ash gray.
Without saying a word more, he issued the command to set up camp. That night, the rank and file slept after their forced march like the camp prisoners in Miklós Radnóti’s Seventh Eclogue. There was no quarrel. Before he went to sleep, the sergeant himself listened to the trickle of the nearby stream for a while, and nodded in satisfaction when he heard the lieutenant snore in his tent. Then he, too, was carried away on the wings of dreams to some place far away he can no longer remember.
Well, Tibor Várady, in his new book exploring the legal estate of his father and grandfather in Nagybecskerek (today Zrenjanin in Serbia) – nota bene, this is the point where the anecdote related above becomes relevant – quotes Nobel Prize winner Imre Kertész, specifically from page 16 of his book A végső kocsma (“The Last Tavern”), where the author states peremptorily that being “Jewish” is not a clear-cut category except for anti-Semites, especially now that this race has not really been looked upon with sympathy. Várady adds that this observation also applies to Hungarians residing in Vojvodina or, as it was called by Hungarians back then, the Southern Province. The same is true for any other group of people. He continues by suggesting that no human being can be unambiguously identified by his association with race, ethnicity, or even history. Which is not to say he denies the right of a group to avow a common lot. For such communities of fate do exist. At this point, the author navigates onto literary waters, asserting that, at times, we are all more alike than dissimilar. PERHAPS WHEN WE RUN OUT OF STEAM, quoting this time not Radnóti, but another great Hungarian poet, Dezső Kosztolányi, who relates the poignant story of a fatigued tour guide becoming an ordinary tourist in his utter exhaustion. Someone like the next man. To some extent, the description fits lieutenant Tepić, who could hardly be surmised to have read Kosztolányi.
And while we are at war: another thing Várady’s book deals with is the concatenation of wars, not only in the chronological sense, but also in terms of causality. The planes of time may often overlap and the text digress, taking the reader on a topsy-turvy ride as so often happens in modern novels. Yet despite these bumps along the road, or perhaps because of them, the seemingly discrete events coalesce into hard evidence, unquestionable lessons to be learned, as we found in Várady’s previous book, Socks by the Chandelier, Lives by a Thread. These correlations lay bare the traps we have a habit of falling into, not learning anything (or at least not enough) from what has come to pass before, when these lessons, not least among them the repeated warnings of the pitfalls of nationalism, are offered to us on a plate, as it were.
It is lamentable that so few people are capable of drawing their conclusions from past mistakes, perhaps because they are simply men in the street who have better things to do than heed the admonitions of history. They never grew up to understand the lesson. It is just too complicated for them. No matter their ethnicity – Serbian, Hungarian, German, Slovakian, Ruthenian, Romanian, or whatever – they do not comprehend their own desperate writhing and thrashing in the tide of history, and lack the capacity of seeing things in a cause-and-effect relationship. As a result, they consistently blame others for their problems, real or imagined. They are deaf to words of caution, forever immune to any stretch of time or space in which their delusions could stand a chance of eradication once and for all. By the same token, it is impossible to make them understand that, if they happen to belong to the majority at a certain point in time and space, efforts to vindicate minority rights are not made to the detriment of their own rights. Such an ambition on the part of minorities does not necessarily equal nationalism, much less chauvinism. What it does constitute is the subject of amnesia on the part of those who used to form a minority at one time themselves, before the cards were reshuffled by history in a thrilling, suspenseful weaving of the plot that would put to shame the most accomplished action-movie screenwriter.
Yet more often than not, a lapse of memory of this sort is not so much symptomatic of some memory disorder as simply a heartfelt manifestation of getting even. A rematch of sorts, to put it mildly.
Where was I? At WAR, to recoup my leitmotif. War as a factor capable of restructuring time itself. As I once put it in one of my increasingly rare epiphanies of inspiration, wars protrude from the infinite matter of time like wolf’s teeth from a sheep’s mouth, to serve as something for shaky human memory to hold onto. They are like ropes and pitons for the mountain climber. Without wars, we would all feel far more lost and find our bearings with far greater difficulty, yet they are peerless in their ability to instil horror, sorrow, loathing and a sense of utter futility, not to mention their defiance of description. Yet we constantly wage war and seek to describe it. And this ends my diatribe, without inverted commas. Now onto a personal note, briefly. I earned the chevrons for sergeant in the JNA, the Yugoslavian People’s Army. In my civilian life, I have always been an avid reader, and I fondly remember Tibor Várady’s Kafkaesque novel Az egérszürke szoba titka (“The Secret of the Mouse-Grey Room”), but that is another story. In any case, it seems that Kafka inevitably continues to loom large in this corner of the world. His spirit duly infiltrated the litigation documents that had collected dust over the years in Várady’s family home in Nagybecskerek, be they related to petty offences or major crimes. Many of them have intimate ties with this or that momentous turn of history, each forming a sharp detour in the main trajectory of the plot.
One of my grandfathers (both dyed-in-the-wool heroes) was seriously wounded on a reconnaissance mission (apparently a tradition in our family) while serving as a private in the Hungarian detachment of Yugoslav partisans, called the Petőfi Brigade. The other, an ensign, nearly froze to death on the Don River Bend front, which proved a graveyard for the Hungarian army, but survived by an inscrutable stroke of luck. These forebears of mine would routinely make the war as their fulcrum of reference when attempting to place events in time for practical purposes – before, during, between, and after the two World Wars. Then they would hone the result by saying whether this or that happened directly or quite a while after, before, etc. They distinguished between Hungarian times, old Yugoslavian times, things like that. And the Monarchy. The old folks hardly ever reached back to the Ottoman Occupation, although it did come up in their conversation every once in a while. It would be interesting to take tally of the things that drove them to fierce dispute, which was usually cut short the moment my father entered. It would take too long to discuss these altercations in detail, and I do not exactly recall the arguments, although in hindsight, as a mature man, I could hazard a few guesses as to their ulterior motives.
The point is that my grandfathers would file charges against each other with my father, who was not a lawyer, much less a judge, but somehow had an innate gift to deliver justice left and right. As a last resort, when he could no longer think of any other way, he would simply yell at them. This generally reinstated silence.
I was a kid. I did not really understand what was happening. My grandfathers, too, acted in rather childish ways, cowering under my father’s wrath, as we all did. These recollections from my family’s past come rushing in as I peruse Tibor Várady’s last two books. I only regret that my father never bothered to commit these episodes to paper. He was too busy with his own vaudeville-flavoured writings, most of which essentially consisted of commentary on daily politics and, alas, proved ephemeral as such. They were not even truly dejected. (… NO REAL BLUES…) This is just a circuitous way of saying that I often think of Várady with envy, at whose disposal fate placed a veritable gold mine of documents so vast that he would not possibly be able to exploit it all. As a novelist, I would find such a storehouse of records extremely helpful. As it is, I have no choice but to trust in imagination.
Not that imagination is to be scoffed at. It is a case of apples and oranges. When mixed and interbred, call them appanges, if you will.
But is it really all a matter of hitting on the right proportions of ingredients in the blend? If it were, this would be a screaming commonplace, albeit one extremely relevant to my subject here. For this coincidence practically takes the reader by the hand to guide him to page 156 of Tibor Várady’s “goose-downy” book, where the grandson-author, an internationally renowned legal scholar and former Minister of Justice of a Yugoslavia drowned in the bloodbath of history, ponders the transience of efforts to capture the past in connection with the case documents of a divorce in the 1940s as he faces a daunting pile of files that threatens to topple over any minute. Várady admits that, although these divorce case files shed light on a number of facts or, to use his own phrase, modal contexts, which the actors themselves may not remember any more, if they are alive at all, he realises how many unanswered questions about them remain. As he confesses, he tried to trace several documents to the roots to find out what really had happened to the participants. He chanced upon a few trails here and there, but most of these petered out without leaving an explanation. Footprints lost in a stream of water.
As for the location of these scenes, he generally found that the Bánát-dwelling families in question no longer lived there, most of them not even nearby. These Hungarian families, formerly entrenched across the Tisza River, no longer have physical ties to the Bánát region. What is worse, their departure left their memories scattered. Turned to dust. Várady hastens to call attention to other perils to recollection, such as the usurpation of memory, as he calls it. He cites the example of Srebrenica, the scene of one of the most abominable massacres in recent recollection, where the author gave a talk. During the discussion following his lecture, a female university student remonstrated that the rivalry among innumerable politicians, historians, international organisations and other entities for the final word on what transpired there effectively robbed the surviving residents of Srebrenica of their right to their own memories.
What Várady has to say regarding the above is a gem of his sarcastic humour: “There is far less frenzy” for the ownership of memories about the Bánát. He only sees fragmented pieces of a puzzle there, which once in a while coalesce into a semblance of order. It is by tiptoeing on these fragments that he repeatedly stumbles into the question of whether human reality is captured by what is recorded in writing or by bequeathed oral memory. He goes on to suggest that it is precisely this rickety nature of the real that motivates the devoted readers of minutes he so often encounters. These people expect minutes to deliver the truth, and nothing but the truth, no less. This is of course impossible. It is simply absurd to expect the minutes of a case to leave no stone unturned.
These considerations bring Várady to the subtle observation that “zealous minute- readers” are really akin to poets. They have a propensity, as he puts it, to cover shaky ground. They tend to predicate their arguments, honour and passion on a reality that will not be around half an hour later. Like poets, inspired minute- readers touch upon the unconscious. However – and this may be when they are at their most poetic – they mainly focus on a vanishing, smouldering reality, which they sometimes succeed in rekindling, just on the cusp of final disappearance. Yet what comes to be incorporated in minutes, which unfortunately attests to the ill fate of their fervent poesis, is not only fleeting, but cannot be reliably identified as what really happened. For instance, the minutes may document that, before the final decision is made, X. Y. comes round to a different opinion or account of the events. Appropriate corrections may be made on the record, while the truly important parts of the story – a flustered face, the violence of someone’s emotions, the participants’ wavering between incomprehension, loathing and compassion – often fall by the wayside. The actual act of creation is passed over. Procedural habits leave little room for the real.
Not to mention the room for dreams, I might add. Small wonder, then, that avowed dream-hunters tread different paths. But this is another story yet again. Still, ardent dream-hunters may converge with ardent minute-readers somewhere in infinity. We are told – say, loosely after the Serbian writer Radoslav Petković, who approached the subject from a different angle, albeit with passion to match – that there is in Venice a shady garden of a labyrinth with a wall deep inside, overgrown by vines and creepers. If you have the perseverance and tenacity, you will eventually find the gate in it through which you can enter another story.
At this point I might add a detail that few people will know. On the face of it, it may sound like a serious case of confusing reality with imagination, as if that garden gate in Venice simultaneously occupied the mind and the soul. It goes like this: Buffalo Bill, the famed hero of the Wild West, once paid a visit to the city of Nagybecskerek, back then a part of Hungary. I am not kidding. Bill, the living legend whose name at birth was William Cody, came riding in as the triumphant director at the helm of his humongous, incredibly popular Western circus troupe. It was in 1906. He came along with Indians, who formed the inevitable set representing the frontier. A part of his staff had been Sitting Bull, the admired chieftain of the Sioux tribe, until he tired of the mockery and quit the show. Later he was killed, but that is yet another story again.
In Nagybecskerek, the good redskins would diligently chase a stagecoach, no doubt for more than a pittance, while the cowboys dazzled the numerous spectators with their devilish lasso technique and others demonstrated the art of sharpshooting. The troupe included a soft-gazed lady of short stature, one Annie Oakley, who would later become an early fighter for the feminist cause. She was rumoured to have used a pistol to blast the flagging ash off of Wilhelm II’s cigar, facing a mirror with her back to the emperor. At his majesty’s own request. Other notables from the United States were present. To make the scene even more bizarre, Buffalo Bill’s show was joined by horse-mounted Kazakhs, Japanese samurai, and God only knows who else. All this proved the necessity of circenses for the people. As long as the show went on, panem was not in question.
At long last, the circus, by then swollen out of all proportion, pulled up the stakes and moved on by rail. The show had to go on, some place else. Buffalo Bill et al. toured Pancsovár, Temesvár, and many other places in what is Romania today. By doing so, they also migrated across the limits of my essay here, leaving no more trace behind them than Várady’s inherited case files. Although glancing at the picture on the back cover of those shelves almost caving in under the weight of documents, not all hope seems to have been lost. They may harbour a trace for Mr Eagle Eye here and there to follow. A relevant lawyer’s writ that could be dusted off. Or something like that. But to retrace my steps once again: it is a fact that Buffalo Bill’s Indians got involved in a tavern brawl one night. In the absence of minutes and other testimony, we will never know how the fight broke out. Was it because of the redskins’ well-known intolerance of alcohol? Was it something else? As the fracas transpired in Budapest, it does not matter for us here. On the other hand, the Wild West gun duel, featured prominently on Bill’s bill, may serve to steer us closer to the metal lead that made history after the invention of the firearm, and, tangentially, closer to Várady’s “goose quill” that recorded for us the story of illegal trading in goose down. Or to Galilei’s historic experiment? No, I would not go that far. But let us pause at one of the chapters of Várady’s book, which describes a gunfight in the context of the history of duelling in Hungary.
I can well imagine my bickering grandfathers, one a leftist, the other entrenched on the right wing, eventually agreeing that their quarrels could only be resolved at gunpoint, although I have no idea whether a duel was a permitted option of settling a dispute in my family. In any case, Várady tells us that his grandfather was not averse to duelling. In fact, the latter’s personal records mention no fewer than nineteen cases of duelling, including the one at issue here, all of which he survived unscathed. Curiously, the grandson learned very little about these showdowns from his grandfather, or about anything else, for that matter. Grandpa Várady was a man of few words, and duelling was considered taboo, if a matter of good form and manners. Moreover, it was widely regarded as a legitimate means of rising in the ranks of society. The courts would find it sanctionable and condone it by turns, while the magistrates often engaged in duels themselves. Finally, they concluded that duelling constituted a punishable offence, albeit only by specific separate statutory provisions, which carried a far more lenient maximum sentence.
Like summer squash on the sunny side of the fence, what Várady tells us next is a flourishing growth from the soil of humour: everyone convicted of duelling ended up in the least uncomfortable penitentiaries. In its own way, it is an absurdity – albeit understandable in light of the fact that the parties to a duel of honour habitually hailed from the crème de la crème of society, rather than from its lower ranks – that these convicts enjoyed the privileged treatment that they did in incarceration. They were allowed to spend the night in a private cell, wear civilian clothes, have food delivered from the outside world, and even receive female visitors. They could have their wine too. I mean it. From the documents, Várady clearly establishes their daily allotment of wine as five litres, no less! (There is no mention of the number of female visitors.) Of course, as Várady recounts, there were outcries against these rampant prisoner’s privileges, but to no avail. A national advocacy was formed with the aim of stemming the custom of duelling. A certain István Rakovszky, who served as president of the association, was an avid fencer himself. He must have been very successful in ducking blades and bullets.
This was before hand grenades ever entered the picture, courtesy of Hemingway. When he was challenged for a duel and given the choice of weapon and distance, he tersely replied, “Hand grenade. Ten steps.” Allegedly, the opponent never showed up.
In his book, Várady quotes Lord Mansfield, the 18th-century Scottish jurist, as stating that “most of the disputes of the world arise from words”. He then goes on to cite Confucius, who once said: “If I came to power, I would begin by restoring the meaning of words”. Words of wisdom. Allow me to hazard the guess that, if the meaning of words had been restored in due time, many a duel could have been prevented – not only in Nagybecskerek, and not just under the Monarchy. At the same time, these musings make me wonder what would have happened if Annie Oakley, that slight-figured genius of a sharpshooter lady in Buffalo Bill’s troupe, had fallen in love (despite being married) with someone in Becskerek and decided to stay. Perhaps making a living doing what she did best, say by giving private shooting lessons to the local genteel public. Such lessons may well have scaled back gunfights far more effectively than any honing of semantics, thereby favourably influencing the statistics kept by Grandpa Várady.
It goes without saying that all of this is pure conjecture. And I will not go into speculating about what would have ensued had Annie, aiming her gun with her back to the cigar-puffing Wilhelm II, been given a slightly concave or convex mirror, without her noticing the curve, unwittingly or on purpose. What kind of impact would that have had on the outbreak of the First World War? Or on the whole story recounted by Várady? Who knows? Let us leave it at that. This bullet has been fired many times in connection with Hitler, anyway. As was that Monarchy-era hunter’s shotgun which plays such a central role in the book I have here tried to interrogate by subjecting it to the technique of free association. In vain does that shotgun make an unexpected appearance in my final reflection here. It will no longer be fired – by Buffalo Bill or anyone else. So that is that. So much for guns and jokes that do not get cracked any more.
At the Bowen Center we work with people and where there are people there can be conflict. One of the many things we teach at the Bowen Center is Conflict Resolution. Conflict can arise whenever people- whether close friends, family members, co-workers or romantic partners disagree about their perceptions, desires, ideas, or values. These differences can range from trivial to more significant disagreements, but regardless of the content of the disagreement, conflict often stirs up strong feelings. So next time you feel like you are in a conflict, follow these ground rules for fighting fair.
Remain calm. Try not to overreact to difficult situations. By remaining calm it is more likely that others will consider your viewpoint.
Express feelings in words, not actions. If you start to feel so angry or upset that you feel you may lose control, take a “time out” and do something to help yourself feel calm: take a walk, do some deep breathing, play with the dog, write in your journal or whatever works for you.
Deal with only one issue at a time. Don’t introduce other topics until each is fully discussed. This avoids the “kitchen sink” effect where people throw in all their complaints while not allowing anything to be resolved.
No hitting below the belt. Attacking areas of personal sensitivity creates an atmosphere of distrust, anger, and vulnerability.
Avoid accusations. Accusations will lead others to focus on defending themselves rather than on understanding you. Instead, talk about how someone’s actions made you feel.
Try not to generalize. Avoid words like “never” or “always.” Such generalizations are usually inaccurate and will heighten tensions.
Avoid make believe. Exaggerating or inventing a complaint - or your feelings about it - will prevent the real issues from surfacing. Stick with the facts and your honest feelings.
Don’t stockpile. Storing up lots of grievances and hurt feelings over time is counterproductive. It’s almost impossible to deal with numerous old problems for which recollections may differ. Try to deal with problems as they arise.
Avoid clamming up. Positive results can only be attained with two-way communication. When one person becomes silent and stops responding to the other, frustration and anger can result. However, if you feel yourself getting overwhelmed or shutting down, you may need to take a break from the discussion. Just let your partner knows you will return to the conversation as soon as you are able and then don’t forget to follow-up.
Establish common ground rules. You may even want to ask your partner-in-conflict to read and discuss this information with you. When both people accept positive common ground rules for managing a conflict, resolution becomes much more likely.
Home | Staff | Board of Directors | Message From The Chairman | Events | Business Directory | Chamber Info | Get Involved
I love your site, its so full of so much information and great remedies! I believe in homeopathy and want to get my girlfriend some remedies.
Using homeopathic remedies have been helpful in the past for me. The information in the descriptions for each remedy has helped me greatly to use the ones that I already have on hand for other ailments that I was not aware of before.
Hi Kathryn: Thank you ever so much for the info here! I"m so glad I found Elixirs! My animals and my family feel alot better knowing I have alternatives at hand.
Kathryn, yes you may use my testimony. I feel honored to do so and to share what this wonderful product has done for my daughter and me...Thanks, for asking. Both my daughter & I have used Lymphomyosot and it helped us in so many ways. Both of us have Lymphedema...And in addition, I have had 2 Lung surgeries,.....have 1 lung, and it is compromised. The immune system stays low....I catch colds too easily, and Bronchitis, etc. When using this product, I found that the mucous was decreased significantly and I didn't have as many colds. The Lymphatic system was aided , in that there was a decrease in swelling also. Enough about my TESTIMONY! I need to order some. I want 1 bottle of the Liquid. Thank you,
Kathryn, thank you so much for your knowledge and help. I like the way that you explain everything to me. Thanks again, Sincerely
Thank you for your suggestions for the discomfort of my incisional hernia. I am currently wearing a hernia belt for my upper abdomen, but at times the discomfort is quite intense. I must tell you that I have used about 25% of the suggested remedies, Calcarea Carb and Silicea, remedies, amazingly we have already been able to tell that my upper abdominal muscle is "tighter". I have always had a weak abdomen as I had two major surgeries prior to my tenth birthday. My wife and I can tell a difference so we're looking forward to seeing even more improvement.
We were so pleased that you were able to fill and ship our order that day and that we received it in TWO days!
Kathryn Jones, thank you for your recent help. I am amazed how well the URI-Control works for my spasming bladder. I could not use Detrol as it made me cough so I'd have to break the pills in half and even then it really left me with dry mouth. Uri-Control does not leave me with any side effects. Thank you for your time.
I received my package today. Wow, those are some good headache pills on special. My dad had an aching headache for a few days and with in a matter of 10 minutes it was gone. And those knots i get in my neck were gone also along with the headache they brought. So thank you and God bless I will continue to order from yall. Sincerely,
I wanted to write you a letter and let you know what a god send you and the Homeopathic remedies have been to our lives. From May of 1997 until April of 1998, my 9 year old son was totally out of control. In this time he was suspended from school 4 times for sexual harrassmment because of the things he would say to girls. He punched a female teacher and called her a butt-hole. He had held a pillow over his little brother's head and jumped into the middle of his brother's back and the list goes on and on.
In April of 1998, I was at the end of my rope. I love my son with all my heart and soul, but I also hated what he was doing. Then I made the phone call that turned our lives around. I called Kathryn Jones and she worked with me and my child to find a combination of remedies that would work FOR MY CHILD.
Now, my child is a joy to be around. His teacher now enjoys his presence in class and he actually has friends at school.The change in him is amzzing and for the first time in yers, I look forward to spending time with him.
The most incredible thing of all is how the Homeopathic medications have completely turned his life around. Not only are his teacher and classmates actually glad to have him around, but he has been invited to attend the end of the year swimming party. This is something that I never dreamed would be posssible, then again, I never dreamed that that there would be a time when I actually enjoyed my child.
I want to thank you from the very bottom of my heart and soul and with every fiber of my being for bringing my child back to me. He went from being impossible to being incredible and if I said thank you a million times, it wouldn't be nearly enough.
BHI Allergy is great. I take 1 tablet 15 minutes befor mowing the lawn and I don't wheeze at all. Works great! Haven't had to use my inhaler all spring.
It looks as if god from the other end of the world is replying to our mail.We are happy, especially me! I want to thank you for the medicine you suggested to my mother for her tumor and she is taking it in consultation with the doctor.She is improving due to your suggestion.
Thank you. Thank you. This is so timely. A couple of days ago I broke out with hives and was at a loss as what to do. It has reoccurred on hot days. You are the best.
I received the order already. Thank you for the extra information with the Health Consultation.Kathryn, you are like a breath of fresh air. Thank you for starting a web site and for being so easy to work with.I have already told many people about you. Hope they decide to use the wonderful service you provide. You have a convert in me.
God bless you that you are staying on the internet.I will look forward to the continuing newsletters.
Thanks for the quick response to my questions. We'll continue the doses as recommended. The shooting pains in the thighs have ceased entirely!Ian, no longer wakes sceaming as he had done with the ear infections.
I also wanted to tell you that Holly is doing very well. I mean she is still three and some tantrums are to be expected, but they are nothing like they were. She is very funny, very pleasant and I think she is also learning better.All of the sudden she was finally getting the concept of colors and letters,and the fact that I am Mom, Mother and Kim.
These are small things, but they were starting to worry me because I knew she should be able to grasp this. I don't know what those pills do, but they help her very much. She still doesn't want to stop wearing her diaper at night. I guess I am just going to have to wait for her to WANT to. Also want to let you know that I send people your way all the time. I hope at least some of them have contacted you. Kim Brizendine.
I appreciate you sending me the two books that I ordered along with the information pamphlets and samples. The weight loss material really caught my wife's eye,and the homeopathic materials helped my mother better understand the significance of cell salts.My mother even started taking them today! She says the taste like little candies.Well, again, thank you for your time and for entertaining your customers questions and concerns. Truly, you do go the extra mile for your customers and clients.Such quality stands out in a day and age where good service--and good people--sometimes seem hard to find.
Thank you so much for all your help with my last order. I will definitely be in touch with you for any of my future online orders.
In the past your advice was very helpful with Rambeau the poodle. It was so helpful that he became the "poster dog" for homeopathy with the local veterinarian hospital.
I love your web site! I am an avid user of homopathic medicine for both my animal companions and myself. It was so nice to find out more information about specific remedies in this web site..so thanks! The information is most appreciated!!
Thanks. You have a great website! So informative, and I can find so many items that are not carried in health food stores.
Just wanted to let you know how well the BHI Sinus Relief Nasal Spray (Euphorbium) and Sinus tablets by BHI are working for me. Finally, I can sleep all night without waking up with a stuffy nose. Thanks for all your help.
I have tried homeopathic pellets for a bruised finger that I had for 5 months and it stayed swelled and very sore. I used Arnica Montana pellets and after a few days I could see my finger improve. It did not return and is very good now and this was 1 1/2 years ago. So , I am a believer in homeopathic treatment. I have studied more on it since. But am never sure what to use for particular problems.and how much to use and how often.
You were so nice to me last week, I just wanted to let you know that I advertised for your website on the "The Living Well Forum" website, an interesting website that deals with thyroid problems.. I told them that the Natra-Bio Thyroid Support Glandular Homeopathy is available from your site. Someone asked me if it is readily available. I had told them about my prior success with that formula.
Received the kit in the mail today. Thanks. Have already tried one of the remedies and am amazed at how well it works.
By the way, I was talking to one of my patients the other day in my office about Homeopathy, cell salts, etc. I told him it was too bad he didn't have a computer because he could learn a lot from the "Elixirs" web-site. He then noticed the small zipper nosode case lying on my desk that I had ordered from you, and he said he had the exact same case!
He said he purchased it from a Homeopath, but couldn't remember who. After telling him where I got mine, and your name and where you were located, he said, "Oh, yes! Now I remember! That's who I got mine from!"
He said he had talked with you over the phone recently, and couldn't say enough nice things about you, and how courteous and forthcoming you were to him, and showed great patience when answering his "dumb questions".
Fortunately for me, I found my bottle of Spasm/Pain that you had sent me a while ago. It is working wonders on my neck and shoulder muscles that go into spasm from work (I think). Two Advils and two Valerian usually work pretty well, also, but the Spasm/Pain was even better. ;)
Greetings Kathryn Jones. Testimony Truth: This is a true fact. Started taking Bioplasma Cell Salts. Three months later, have noticed fingernails are the BEST they have EVER been in 40 years. Was going to one of the most reputable dermatologists in country in year 1970. Could not find a remedy or affliction. They are now the healthiest I have ever had. Only thing I can think that might have caused "dramatic" improvement in past 3 months would be the Cell Salts I take. Just want to let you know this!
I must congratulate you on creating a wonderful site on Homeopathy and the self-health guide. This kind of a site comes very handy to all the parents especially who want to treat their children through homeopathy. In the cyber world of medicine where all treatment and diagnostic advices are commercial, this site is indeed a refreshing change.
Pain woke me up one morning in my thumb. It was red swollen and hot and VERY painful. I couldn't imagine what was wrong, hen I remembered I had stuck myself under the nail a WEEK ago and something must of gotten into it and infected it. It hurt so much that I was toying with the idea of going to the ER. I remembered I had the BHI Infection remedy in my stock of remedies. I started taking them right away, every five minutes and after an hour and a half it was feeling better and then kept taking them every hour or less. By the next day the swelling and pain were 95% gone!! I was amazed and happy at how fast it worked.
I just finished speaking to you on the phone, and you were most helpful as always! I just wanted to reiterate how much relief I have had from chronic sinusitis, and that nasty hayfever drip and congestion, by using the Hayfever Nasal Spray by BHI. I have previously used prescription Rhinocort, with no relief, just a dry, sore throat and a headache. Not so with the Hayfever Spray, just soooooooothing relief! I also am using the cell salts; Kali Mur, Kali Sulph, and Ferr Phos, and Bioplasma, to support the healing for the respiratory tract. The combo seems to be working! I am looking forward to continued success with the other many products I have ordered.
Having recently embarked on a homeopathic course, this site is proving to be very informative and extremely helpful.
In 1984 I worked up the courage to have my bladder removed. The surgeryseemed the answer to my horrific pain. My hopes for no more attacks wereshort lived as I again started having violent attacks. The attacks werelasting an hour or more.
I was so discouraged but I toughed it out I started eliminating foodsfrom my diet. Gone were my roasted cashews, bacon and pork products, andice cream. This seemed to work for a year, then the attacks came again.I had them periodically for the next fifteen years.
I consulted with my Dr. when the pain again brought me to my kneesand she refereed me to a specialist, who said stones were forming in myducts and possibly my liver. The specialist removed as many stones as hecould. He said that some were in my liver, and they sent me to auniversity hospital. There they repeated the procedure and were able toremove some additional stones. They asked me to come back for more testsand a surgery to insert a tube to drain these stones from my liver. Atthe time my life was busy taking care of a loved one, so the idea ofdoing the procedure was not the right time.
Upon reading about Chelidonium 30 cc I again felt hopeful. I ordered theproduct and am very pleased. I take my pellets daily, as the productexpels stones and keeps new ones from forming.
The surgeons said that there was no medication available to theworking class people, that the one they had was far beyond our pocketbook.
The last surgical extraction's were in 1999. Thank you ELIXIRS. andKathryn Jones DiHom Health Counselor. I am pain free, and a happycamper.
I give my permission to use my name and town. Will answer any emailthat are refereed to me. I believe in this product, and I believe ingood health.
I have "onocular migrains" that can hit at any time and they are VERY scarey. I get flashing lights in my eyes and my field of vision becomes smaller and smaller. Sometimes I can't see (if looking straight ahead) from half way down, it is all flashing lights. Other times I can't see out of one eye, or half of the vision is gone horizontally. No pain, I just can't see, but a little headache after the flashing is gone. The whole thing lasts a couple of hours and it is very frightening.
Doctors say, "it is a migraine, can't help you" an eye doctor says the same. This time I took Natrum Mur 6X [500 or 1000 tablet sizes available] and BHI Headache, within 15 minutes the flashing was going away and in 30 it was gone. I kept taking the Headache II to keep the headache away.
I just can't tell everyone how amazing homeopathic medicine is. It has helped my family through many things. I won't leave home without my Natrum Mur and Headache II any more, these migraines hit at any time.
Just thought I would drop a line and tell you what a wonderful site you have!! Very informative and one of , if not the best site for Homeopathy on the Net. Great product line and very extensive. Keep up the graet work.
I look forward to hearing from you. I believe in homeopathic products and alternative medecine. I have 2 young children, ages 2 and 5. I have not vaccinated my little guy. It's nice to be in touch with someone else who has experience with not vaccinating their kids (and they have survived)! We are traveling and working in a motorhome. It is great to have an online link to homeopathy that we can use wherever we travel to.
Thank you so much for your very prompt response and invaluable information. I certainly will be doing more research and reading on the information that you gave me and did notice some good informational books on your website. I appreciate your knowledge and concern for one's individual well being.
I liked your site - was able to understand the medicines my homeopath gave me and also the importance of mentioning every symptom I notice. Thanks for maintaining this site.
I am using Thuza for skin tags and it is working. My tags started disappearing. I am using ClearAc tablets and ClearAc cleanser for Acne and I can see noticeable difference. My skin is looking great.
Just a few words on Robert's follow up! I did exactly like you said. Last time we had the problem, Sulphur seemed to help a lot, so I gave him 1M once and then put all the medication you had suggested into his suitcase with the appropriate labelling.
Last nite, when he called, he said the medication "seemed to be doing him a lot of good"!!!! Yippeeeee!!!! I know this is a long term thing, but seemingly small victories like finding the right remedies for the liver for example, and also to help him lose the cravings are enormous, and I feel this is a super victory, because Robert was not over enthusiastic about testing this in Africa, where the tension is enormous - especially like I said, in Belgium, homeopaths are very structured, and the Americans seem to be much freer and adventurous in their work, but also very much more on an "as needed" basis, and this can be so disconcerting... when you have had your hand held into the slightest move, and suddenly you are out there all on your own, with "as needed", it is pretty scary, BUT he did it, and we are apparently getting results. Thanks, thanks and thanks again!
With the knowledge that Nux and Quercus will help long term on the liver damage, and the fact that we now have found something to help the craving, I am feeling very much better too. It is somewhat less stressful, so thanks for me as well.
After 10 days of Robert being home and taking everything you suggested, he says he has never felt so good, and the medication is working wonders for him. He is full of energy, and looks (and feels) 10 years younger. You cannot imagine how grateful we both are....
Thank you so much for your guidance Kathryn. I was delighted to receive such excellent and prompt advice.
Thank you for the follow up on my request about the corns.Took the remedy and in about two weeks, the corns were gone.Homeopathy really is the way to go for a lot of every day maladies.Again, thank you for the assistance in this matter.
The information you have sent me and with my using the Cell Salts andremedies that you advised have made me feel 90% better.I thank you with all of my heart. Thank you
For the past several years, I have kept my three dogs and one cat in optimumhealth with three important resources: an excellent veterinarian,your homeopathy website, and a copy of Dr. Pitcairn's guide to natural health for dogs and cats.The book gives useful guidelines to the constellation of symptoms in each ailment and the recommended homeopathic, herbal, and naturopathic treatments.And your website provides excellent service in recommending the best suppliesto have on hand and for fast and efficient order fulfilment. For example, our 7-year-old Australian Shepherd-Lab sometimes eats things she finds in the yard that aren't on the health-foods menu!A simple application of a homeopathic remedy selected from my collection of tissue salts from elixirs.com has allowed her to feel betterwithin an hour or two. It's truly gratifying to be able to see an improvement right away.I like to use herbs as nutritional supplements, but sometimes an acute case of stomach-ache responds to homeopathymore quickly...especially if the dog is barfing all over the floors!!!
Just a short note to let you know about a product which has really, really, really made a difference. About 7 months ago my mother (70 year old) was told she had arthritis.We have been to doctors, specialist, she has endured cortisone shot, taken so much medicine, until I decide to look into HOMEOPATHY which was introduced to me by my sister in France about a year ago. I called and found out about TRAUMED, my mother's knee was swollen to double or triple its size, after 3 days of using the ointment, her knee is about its average size and she can return to her usual activities.I hope other users can get the same benefit as her. With sincere thanks, A Concerned Daughter
What a wonderful letter and so informative.I ordered several products from you and have noted a great improvement in my son.I thank you for all your help so far. Just to remind you I've been using: Stramoium Silicea 6x Natrum Sulfate 6x I am also careful with diet and especially sleep patterns. You hit that on the nose. I have to be sure he still gets an hour nap after school most afternoons.Also limit process foods. We do a lot of home cooking. Please add something for restleness.
Okay, thanks for all your help. And, I just wanted to let you know that I have tried the other remedies I ordered off your web site and they are amazing.I've tried all sorts of things to help me wake up or control my allergies.But these things are the best I've ever tried. Within minutes I feel 100% better.I've been telling everyone about them. Thank you so much.
Thank you for recommending Thuja.It appears to be effective. The pain was gone overnight and the swelling is diminishing.I did have Thuja on hand. I had used it successfully for flat warts.I appreciate your newsletter.
I have started a diary to keep track of my progress. I will keep you informed from time to time. Thanks again for your wonderful consultation.I will pass the word to others about your excellent services.
just took 2 of the stomach tablets 1/2 hour ago in response to some abdominal pain followinga big dinner with a beer. The pain subsided within 15 minutes...amazing!
I got a newsletter about homeopathic remedies against biological warfare-antrax, small pox etc.Unfortunately it was deleted by mistake-could You be so kind and send it again to me? Thanks a lot!
I also want to thank You for very good and interesting newsletters! Carina. Kathryn's response, Currently online Vaccine Education Page
I love your website and am forwarding it's link to my co-workers. You've got some great information here!
I am so glad I found your web site, it is full of the information Iwas looking for. Thank you for making it so "user" friendly. I lookforward to reading each new newsletter and learning more about homeopathy. Thank you for providing a quality site.
Thank you for all the help you gave me on the phone today. You were very patient, but that is what a beginner needs.
I am so glad I found your web site, it is full of the information I was looking for. Thank you for making it so "user" friendly. I look forward to reading each new newsletter and learning more about homeopathy. Thank you for providing a quality site.
I, too, have found BHI's Hayfever Spray to be the only thing that worked on my allergy problems (tried them all). It especially helped me clear out the excess mucous in my sinuses and throat that drove me crazy. I first tried it based on your description on the website. The labels are only somewhat helpful--your additional comments are great!
I would like to take the opportunity of wishing you best of luck for the excellent job you are doing for the health of PATIENTS and above all HELPING promote HOMOEOPATHY.
Please explain to your readers that most doctors do not recommend progesterone cream because this is not offered by the "BIG" drug companies and comes with no perks to doctors. My gynocologist recommended this to me (Progest) and other than the fact that I acquired an allergic reaction did the job, naturally. I did wind up, however, having to switch to Femgest because of the allergic reaction, the results are good with the Femgest.
Thank you -- I intend to try your suggestions for TMJ. What do you suggest for the ears being clogged. I already take Ring Stop which does significantly help with the tinnitus problems I have (which no Dr. I saw could help with). So far, the most relief I've ever had comes from some of the homeopathic remedies I am buying from you all -- I am really happy with your company. Thanks.
I am so relieved to find there is something to take for those problems my boyfriend and I are happy and greatful for your help. I have found stuff for my IBS and for my anxiety and now for the gastritis problem which has been plaguing me the most. I ordered him the anxiety and depression combination and I hope it will work as he is having some problems with chemical meds like remron and some other anxiety medications so I am happy that you have your website it is a God send. thanks from
We here at the SOS Cat Sanctuary have been using Bioplasma in the drinking water for the cats for several years now, and we are presently caring for over 40+ feral cats here. We believe that the addition of Bioplasma, combined with good-quality food, homeopathic medicine (as needed)and nutritional supplements have allowed us to maintain some of the healthiest looking cats we have ever seen. All cats have thick, shiny fur and it is extremely rare to see a cat with "goopy eyes" and upper-respiratory infections that so often plague cat populations. Visitors are often amazed at their appearance, they look far healthier than most "pampered: house cats. We always recommend Bioplasma to anyone with pets. As always, it is better to prevent disease than to have to treat disease. Einige Leute haben die Leben, andere haben Katzen. (Some people have lives, others have cats.) Best regards,
Hello, I have used Pitcairn's book for many years. Last week one of the dogs I foster for an animal rescue was poisoned. After hours at the vet in the middle of the night, the vet sent me home. He had given her the max dose of muscle relaxer & valium, she was seizing very badly. He did not think she was going to live. When the medications started wearing off, she again started seizing & was very frightened. I gave her Chamomilla 30X. She went out like a light, awoke in a few hours like nothing had happened.
Hi Kathryn, I thank you for all of your help and I want you to know that it is greatly appreciated. I've stored the kindness and compassion that you've showed me over the past month in a part of my brain that I like to call the place where you will always be remembered. One day if I'm ever giving the opportunity to practice Homeopathic medicine I will always thank you. Best Regards,
Good morning from a very wet and cold England! Many thanks for your advice, I have ordered some more products. The first products I ordered arrived this morning. Thank you for such speedy service.
Got to get your attention somehow...*L* I think that Staphysagria has helped me TREMENDOUSLY, and I thank you for that. My panic attacks have diminished, still get them but not so bad, I start taking the Staphysagria immediately, probably should take it all the time but....it helps. I am doing tapes also, relaxation tapes and all is helping. I think it is related to menopause, it ALWAYS hits three days before my period, hormones are doing it, now have to find good hormone help somewhere. I think I have a good vitiman to take, if I can just get them on the phone and order it. Every time I call they and not there and don't call back right away. *sigh* Well just sending kudo's for the Staphysagria, it has saved my sanity, thanks so much.
Thanks for answering the analysis questionnaire. It was a nice little exercise. I started out in orthodox medicine, but through one of our own drugs, I became very ill. From there I studied homoeopathy. I have now retired. thank you for your web site. I am sure a lot of people will benefit by it Regards..Dr. Ray MacCarthy
Dear Kathryn, So far so good with the Graphites; it immediately stopped the stinging and itching, also started drying up the "hives". No medicine I've ever used, including Benadryl cream, has done this. You are a wonder worker, you've got a gift. Thanks ever so much. Best,
Hi Kathryn! It has been a while since I have placed an order, I have been feeling really well! I have been and continue to use Lycopodium 30C for ovarian problems with great success. Since I first ordered from your site almost 2 years ago, I have been using without let up the Allergy and Asthma formulas by BHI. I am happy to report this has been my best Spring ever! I also use Nat Mur on occasion and love all the Cell Salts and sinus and hayfever sprays! I went into my local Health Food Store 6 weeks ago, they on occasion carry BHI, and asked them to order me the Allergy Formula...it has been 6 weeks and it still isn't in. I have been shopping in that store for 25 years! Ugh! I finally told them I have a great online site where I can get my products in less than 1 week, and to forget the order! Thanks!
Hi Kathy, We are eternally grateful to you for all of the research and investment of your time and energy on behalf of our daughter Aimee.
Hi Kathy, This is just an "e-note" to thank you for your e-mail concerning our daughter Aimee. We are so glad that you are involved in her healing process. Even our older daughter, Terry, who is a nurse, stated, "Thank God for those homeopathic remedies sent to Aimee, they have made an enormous difference in Aimee's healing comfort, and have lifted her out of her emotional depression." Kathy, if Aimee needs anything else from you, just ship it and charge my credit card, OK! May God bless you abundantly.
P.S. Just a word about our daughter Aimee Norris. She has been off all alternative and chemo medications for about 2 months now, and she seems to be getting much better!!! Her energy level has greatly improved, and her tumors seem to be shrinking. The heavy metal nickle has apparently been eliminated from her body. All in all, we thank God for every good day she gets. Thank you Kathryn for all the help you have been to her over the many past months. We are very grateful to you. Cordially,
I have been a health food patron since 1974. Few products have helped me like the ones I ordered from ELIXIRS.COM . I have suffered from repeated head colds for years, I had 3to 7 colds per season not anymore since I discovered , Mercurius Vivus 30X. I was on the verge of a nasty bout when I read about the product and ordered it, as soon as the product arrived I took some as directed and there was relief for me in minutes, scratchy throat dissipated, sniffingly stooped, felt great not headachey. Another product Carbo Veg stopped my excess gas it seemed everthing I ate gave me gas the product also aided in my ability to digest food therefore giving me more energy from the food.Nitricum Acidum 30C stopped the itch from surgery scars and also stopped excess bumps and pimples on my skin, also my scars are flattening out. I don't know of any other reason why other than use of this product. THANK YOU, ELIXIRS.COM A most satified customer for years,
Gun Parts Handguards / Grips/ StocksBarrels / Choke TubesSlings / SwivelsUpper Receivers / Conv KitsUpper / Conv Kits - High CapView All »
{{results.messagesById['http://www.rentdigs.com/search/unitdetails.aspx?id=685006&Ad=claz&utm_source=oodle&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=oodle']}}
{{results.messagesById['http://www.rentdigs.com/search/unitdetails.aspx?id=685018&Ad=claz&utm_source=oodle&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=oodle']}}
This Charming Coach house has 2 bedrooms and 1 full bath. This Charming Coach house is walking distance to town and the lake. You can see the lake from the deck. Seeking a single professional to rent this Charming Coach House. No Pets, No smoking and No kids. Available July 1, 2014
Year Built: 1990, Seller Notes: A rare opportunity in Burlington is this 12 unit apartment building. A great investment. Each apartment has two bedrooms and one bath with security entrances. A clean spacious basement with a lockable work room, storage units for each apt and rented washer and dryers. Behind the building is a large parking lot and shed for storing mowers and snow removal equipment.
Select from 1, 2 three beds, all with 2 fullsize baths within walkable distance of UW-Whitewater! You'll also be close to shopping, restaurants, and all that Whitewater has to offer! We are PET FRIENDLY! Enjoy the fitness facilities, areas, onsite laundry, and fully stocked vending machines!today or to schedule your own personal tour today. Note-Furnished images are of our model unit. Apartment...
Select from 1, 2 three beds, all with 2 full size bathrooms, within walkable distance of UW-Whitewater! You'll also be close to shopping, restaurants, and all that Whitewater has to offer! We are PET FRIENDLY! Enjoy the fitness facilities, areas, onsite laundry, and fully stocked vending machines!today or to schedule your own personal tour today. Note-Furnished images are of our model unit. Apa...
Offers three beds, 2 and half baths, soaring ceilings, all appliances, fenced / enclosed yard, sunroom. Owner requires application, credit report, background check and references. Just painted, carpets cleaned and waiting for your perfect tenant.
Wisconsin in a private setting across the from Delavan Fest Park and baseball field and within blocks of all the major amenities including Piggly Wiggly, Shopko, Walgreens, and many local stores and restaurants. Delavan Apartments is just four blocks from Interstate 43 access for easy commutes. Our apartments offer spacious floor plans with over-sized price!THIS INSTITUTION IS AN FAIR HOUSING P...
This unit is located at 107-225 Turtle Creek Drive, Delavan, 53115, WI Monthly rental rates range from $825 We have 2 beds units available for rent
This unit is located at 1251 Bear Pass, Mukwonago, 53149, WI Monthly rental rates range from $990 We have 2 beds units available for rent
You're going to love Meadows! Select from 1, 2 three beds, all with 2 fullsize baths within walkable distance of UW-Whitewater! You'll also be close to shopping, restaurants, and all that Whitewater has to offer! We are PET FRIENDLY! Enjoy the fitness facilities, areas, onsite laundry, and fully stocked vending machines!today or to schedule your own personal tour today. We also offer short term...
Welcome to Wildwood, a small apartment community nestled in the woods just north of East Troy offering large condo style units ft for our Arlington 1x1 and going up to 1756 square feet for our Richman 3x2 lofts with skylights. Wildwood Apartments is located just off Interstate 43 and. 20. Our spacious apartments all include private entry with a private patio or deck, all major appliances includ...
Περίπου 5.000 πολίτες διαδήλωσαν στην Πέλλα, κρατώντας στα χέρια ελληνικές σημαίες – Αποδοκιμασίες για Τσίπρα και Κοτζιά – Στα Ιωάννινα, η συγκέντρωση εξελίχθηκε σε πανηπειρωτικό συλλαλητήριο, με πλήθος κόσμου απ’ όλη την Ήπειρο – Εντυπωσιακή η παρουσία του κόσμου και στην κεντρική πλατεία της Πτολεμαΐδας – Ένταση και τραυματισμοί στα Χανιά
Tease your brain with logo quiz everyday. Its Logo Quizzing at it's best. This blog is pure fun for quiz lovers and also logo lovers. A logo is posted everyday and you are to guess the logo and post your replies in comments section. Correct answers will be posted the next day.
Labels: daily logo quiz, guess the logo, guess the logo game, guessthelogo.net, logo, logo of the day, Logo quiz, online logo quiz game, sports logo
Qantas Stores - Buy & Order Qantas Stores Online with Free Shipping in USA - TOP 10 Qantas Stores as seen on November 14, 2018
You are looking for Qantas Stores - Shop sales, stores & prices - Find the largest selection of Qantas Stores - Shop Popular Sunglasses by price, color, shape, brand and more. Get the best sales, coupons, and deals at KingdomOfTheSun.net
Whether you love exploring the malls and department stores, or finding a bargain at the markets, you're in for a treat with the variety of shopping options Hong Kong has to offer. Here our crew give their best tips on where to shop.
Qantas aims to use cooking oil from McDonald's fast food stores in the US as sustainable aviation fuel after a successful test flight from Sydney to Adelaide.
Tags: prepar3d,prepar3d 3.3,prepar3d 3.2,flight simulator 2016,prepar3d 2016,prepar3d as real as it get...
KingdomOfTheSun Shop Suggests Sunglasses Stussy, Aviator Small and 112 32 - Order Online at Amazon, Walmart, Ebay. Enjoy your shopping for discount prices? Want to compare prices on Most Popular Sunglasses online before making a purchase? Looking for ways to save money? All of this and more is possible at KingdomOfTheSun.net - your premier source for online comparison Sunglasses shopping: compare prices on 300 000+ models from leading stores Glasses, Lookmatic, Ray-Ban, WayFair, Steven Alan , Target, Warby Parker, BestBuy, Dior, SunglassHut, SunglassesShop and other.
Compare prices on sunglasses at KingdomOfTheSun.net – use promo codes and coupons for best offers and deals. KingdomOfTheSun is the leading price comparison service for Sunglasses discount shopping: start searching & find the best sunglasses at cheapest prices. Buy your sunglasses today with our fun tools and exclusive styles Start smart buying with KingdomOfTheSun.net right now and choose your best price on every purchase.
© KingdomOfTheSun.net 2018 | Check the best prices on sunglasses online. Qantas Stores last checked shopping results on November 14, 2018 KingdomOfTheSun.net is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com
12th August 2015 12th August 2015 M Hatti 4 Comments Apple, cook, crowdfunding, eric, Google, Kickstarter, schmidt, shower.nebia, tim
Re-inventing the wheel shower. Nebia is a new shower head developed in San Francisco. It promises a better showering experience and
In its 35th creation — Kurios: Cabinet of Curiosities — Cirque du Soleil returned to its roots but showed the world that they can still create a successful Cirque by embracing its basic signature moves.
The stage: By narrowing the distance between its artists and the audience, the set designers created the lowest stage of all Cirque du Soleil big top shows at only 24 inches tall, giving the Kurios artists a better proximity with the public.
The costumes: If Montreal, Québec-based Cirque were in the business of making films, it should have already claimed a dozen or so golden statues for its impressive costume designs. After seeing Kurios, one must praise the wardrobe team for its unprecedented attention to detail.
The performers: Let’s face it. When you attend a Cirque du Soleil show, you know you will see the best of the best talents in acrobatics. Kurios is no exception.
What is the ‘Cabinets of curiosities’? They are the ancestors of museums, also known as cabinet of wonder in the Renaissance Europe. Aristocrats, members of the merchant class and early practitioners of science formed collections of historical relics, works of art or mysterious travel souvenirs or artifacts.
Kurios somehow reminds me of this season’s American Horror Story. If you have watched the first episode of AHS: Freak Show, it would be easier to understand.
The juggling act, conjoined twins and the little lady with dwarfism — all that and more will make you think that Kurios is the live version of the popular FX show.
Written and directed by Cirque veteran Michel Laprise, who is also well-known for his collaborations with pop legend Madonna on her 2012 Super Bowl spectacle and subsequently directing her MDNA tour, Kurios doesn’t mirror any of AHS’s bloody scenes and is one great entertainment for everyone at all ages.
Kurios will be in Toronto for another 2 week before taking its flight to the Golden State of California for more amazing performances in San Francisco. You can purchase your tickets either by visiting www.cirquedusoleil.com/kurios or by calling 1-800-450-1480.
If you are considering heading into a substance abuse treatment program through a Florida rehab center, there are a few things that you should know before starting rehab that will help you get the most out of your time at the drug addiction treatment center. 1. Every Drug Rehab Center in Florida is Different…
© 2018 1st Step Behavioral Health | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Florida Drug and Alcohol Rehab Center
This is a placeholder page for Santiago Espinoza, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Santiago Espinoza.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Santiago Espinoza. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Santiago Espinoza. We created this page automatically in hopes Santiago Espinoza would find it. If you are not Santiago Espinoza, but are an alumni of Hatch Valley High School, register on this site for free now.
Our steel belts are available with flanged sintered steel rollers with hardened steel bushings that provide maintenance free service. The hinges can be channel reinforced and include AR wear strips. Heavy duty, double strand, C1045 steel chain with precision die punched inside and outside links are standard. Our overlapping offset style side wings minimize material spillage.
Hustler steel belts are available in 18" to 8' widths and virtually any length. Heavy duty drive assemblies are standard and meet exact load requirements. Other features include shear pin sprocket hubs for overload protection, heavy duty open frame construction, and load bars to limit deflection of the belt under impact.
We supply our conveyors in large segments for ease of installation and minimal assembly time at the job site.
Check out the students that were members of Hathaway Cheerleading. Visit the registration page if you would like to be listed.
Looking for Hathaway alumni who participated in Cheerleading but are not listed? Classmates.com® has hundreds of more Hathaway alumni listed.
The system elected by Iranian people has progressed in the name of Islam,highlighting Islamic slogans;As the Iranian young scientists in advanced scientific and industrial fields such as nuclear energy and nanotechnology talk of being basiji proudly;and the Imperialism stands against the Islamic Republic of Iran for fundamental role of Islam in Iranian land.
today, the zionist regime is weaker,more hated,more isolated than ever ,and its main supporter,the United States, is in greater difficulty and at a greater loss than ever before.
Iran is on the side of nations, on the side of the oppressed.The Islamic republic is against oppression;it struggles against oppressor.with all its might it stands against the bullying and excessive demands of oppressors and imperialists,and will not retreat.
Eloquence Communications is a health care IT company dedicated to improving the delivery of care through the development of innovative and simple communication solutions. Eloquence is committed to helping health care facilities achieve optimal staffing allocation and work flow efficiency while driving improvements in patient communication, safety, outcomes, and satisfaction. Eloquence implements evidence-based health care IT solutions that deliver greater specificity, precision, transparency, and language access.
Eloquence Communications was founded by two physicians, Lance Patak and Bryan Traughber, who have lived the problems that our products are designed to solve. Before becoming a doctor, Dr. Patak spent years working in nursing care as both an aide and RN and understands the unique challenges nursing staff and patients face every day to communicate effectively and efficiently. Dr. Traughber has spent years involved in the research and development of new medical technologies and understands the key challenge of developing technologies that are not only technically powerful, but also simple to implement and to use.
Un usuario prueba los nuevos modelos de iPad Pro. En vídeo, así es el nuevo iPad Pro. BEBETO MATTHEWS (AP) / VÍDEO: EPV / APPLE
In their revolutions,in their great movements, Muslim nations have placed their sharp and cutting edge against imperialism,against Zionism.therefore, the imperialist powers sttempt to prevent nations from establishing relations, and prevent hearts from growing closer to each other.
AnnaScholz I saw some bold prints and colors, for Sheego as well. That stand was a sight for sore eyes! Can’t wait to get my hand of some of the pieces.
Zizzi I had the time to take a closer look at the Black Label collection. I already saw the presentation at the Curvy is Sexy Fair in Berlin but it was so busy at the stand with all the enthusiastic bloggers that I didn’t have the chance to take my time to inspect. OMG, that collection is so feminine and gorgeous. Very clean and sophisticated with an eye for detail. My absolute favorite is the black coat and the cream blouse. And I think I found the perfect LBD (little black dress). I forgot to take a picture (bad blogger!).
In the regular collection I fell in love with a lace bib/collar (I have to get my paws on that!) and the cream coat. And if you do not already own a pair of Zizzi jeans you really must give a try sometime, they are great.
Carmakoma A absolut favorite of mine, I always love their designs, cheeky and fashion forward. I tried on the green coat (matched great with my dress) and I absolutely loved the black dress with the zipper.
Sybel Has the softest cardigans in the sweetest colors. I tried one on and really, it’s softer than my cats 🙂
Further more: I saw some great tights at Cette and I really missed Junarose on this fair. Too bad! At least I know I will have to save up for all the great coats I saw 😉 at least I will be warm next winter!
Afgelopen zondag ging ik naar het World Fashion Centre in Amsterdam om wat mode te snuiven op de justBIB Trade beurs. Deze beurs wordt twee maal per jaar gehouden voor professionals en inkopers. Ik hoopte nieuwe merken te ontdekken en ik wilde graag de nieuwe herfst/winter collecties 2015 goed bekijken. Ik zag mooie dingen maar helaas weinig vernieuwends of nieuwe merken. Kijk mee voor mijn favorieten:
It’s the 21st century car that came from the 20th century. The pinnacle of BMW’s technological advances. The best of the best that they had at that time, has all been put into the design of this E38 7-Series. From heated rear seats to state-of-the-art electronic entertainment system, it was the car that stunned all the wealthy buyers of its time. And let’s not forget, even James Bond drove one.
It’s the car that deserves your attention. Not the kind of attention you’ll get from driving its close-to-Rp-2billion new F01 sibling. And not because of any outrageous exterior cues either. It’s the subtle car that attracts real enthusiasts. Sort of the future classic of BMWs. An icon that deserves to be maintained; a rare gem waiting to be praised. And it’s low bonnet, on top of everything else, has become one of the very last and epochal design cues that came from BMW’s 90s era.
Destined to be reborn. Every once in a while I do stumble upon one of these 7-Series on our streets. Most of the time, they’ll be under a mint/restored condition, and most probably driven by some BMW enthusiasts. Today’s E38 owner, for one, has also shown a strong passion for BMWs. He’s been driving around regularly in his BMW M-models, yet recently he picked up this E38 as his new project car.
Mint, properly modded and stylish. That’s exactly how he likes to keep all of his cars. That’s why, upon receiving this classic Bimmer, he immediately took it to the body restoration shop for a thorough repaint. Lamborghini’s Grigio Antares color-code soon became his color of choice. The perfect blend of nuance and sophistication.
Style on one end, a daily method of transportation at the other end. Insisting on having this recently picked up 7-Series as his new daily driver, the owner decided to pull the trigger on an air suspension system. Parking real hard, driving real smooth. The best of both worlds.
Finding a suitable bolt-on kit for the E38 didn’t prove out to be an easy task. That’s why the owner settled for this custom kit by Tailorsbag instead. Paired with an AccuAir e-Level management system, the kit provides the simplest solution for his daily ride. With 4 height-sensors at all corners, such e-Level system automatically adjusts air pressures to the weight of the car. Say goodbye to manually increasing air pressures when vehicle’s under load. All the owner needs to do is to pick a preset-height and the smart system will take care of the rest.
Wheels-wise, the owner has picked up another iconic set of automotive history. It’s the OZ Futura. A forged 3-piece jewel whose design is so unique that it’s been categorised under ‘rare collections’ after its discontinuation. Rebarelled to 19″x9-10, they’ve become the perfect of compliments to the 7-Series’ decent drop.
About Photographer – Eric Tanzil: “Feel free to contact me ertanzil[at]gmail[dot]com if you want some shoot from me. Thank you.”
As Brene Brown would say, this weekend I suffered from the worst vulnerability hangover ever. After my unfortunate Friday night experience, all I wanted to do was go and hide. I replayed the events of that night over and over and over again and could only think one thing – “Lord, have mercy.”
You see, not only did I feel bad about how things went, my mind led me to a place that went beyond embarrassment to pure shame. I totally passed over the thought of “Oh, well, maybe it will be better next time” and headed straight to “See you are not good enough. You really are a fraud. You can’t do this. You are bad.” Continue reading →
I was asked to be a part of a Good Friday service by a woman who I greatly respect and admire. I am growing as a preacher – am very good with content and am working on delivery because I want to appeal to black church communities. That being said, I was equal parts nervous and excited about this opportunity, which featured seven women in total who were from various faith traditions.
I prepared for the sermon like I do any other sermon. I took time studying, praying, reflecting and writing. As I crafted my message, I felt the Spirit move over and through me. This is a sure sign that I’m operating in my gift and as the words came to life on my manuscript I felt confident that the message that I was given was the one that God had intended.
Then came Friday. Leading up to the worship service, I had fleeting thoughts of insecurity, but I brushed them off. However, when I arrived at the church, every feeling and thought I ever had about not being worthy, not being good enough, not belonging came roaring to life. I literally hid in the bathroom after I arrived because I felt so out-of-place. The anxiety was rising and I though to myself, “How in the hell did I get here? Why do I think that I belong here? I can’t do this.” Continue reading →
Tagged acceptance, anxiety, Depression, Outsider, perfectionism, self esteem, self-love, Shame, Worthiness
You, who seeks out ways to run from that which hurts you, from those who know you, from things that can heal you.
You, the one who was molded and shaped and formed by hands and a heart that knew you before you were you.
National Suicide Prevention Week is the Sunday through Saturday, September 8-14, 2013 surrounding World Suicide Prevention Day, September 10, 2013. The theme this year is: Challenging our Assumptions and Moving Forward Together. If you or someone you know is contemplating suicide, please contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255.
This piece was written for ShePreaches Magazine, an online publication for african american women for which I am a columnist. In honor of suicide prevention week, I will be posting daily in order to provide information and inspiration. If there is something that you would like to share, please contact me. Thank you for being the loyal readers that you are. We, not one of us, are not alone…
On August 19, 2013, actor Lee Thompson Young was found dead in his Los Angeles apartment. His cause of death was ruled a suicide. Lee was a twenty-nine year old black male who seemed to have a bright future ahead of him in Hollywood. Lee died due to a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. A suicide note was not left behind and his family, friends and co-workers were all shocked by his death.
On June 13, 2012, the body of writer Erica Kennedy was found in her Miami Beach, Florida home. Erica was a publicist, fashion and entertainment writer and book author who also happened to be the best friend of Kimora Lee Simmons. Erica was a forty-three year old black woman who was a graduate of Sarah Lawrence College. More information surrounding her death was never released but it is believed that Erica committed suicide, most likely because of an ongoing, secret battle with depression. Much like Lee Thompson Young’s death, Erica’s death sent shockwaves through her community of family and friends.
Suicide is rarely spoken about within the black community. One might say that discussing it is taboo. I think it goes a step further than just being taboo. It is a secret shame….
To continue reading, please click here to see the whole piece that was written for ShePreaches Magazine.
Trigger Alert: If you are someone you know is contemplating suicide, please seek help. The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a free and anonymous service. Need help? In the U.S., call 1-800-273-8255 or visit http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org.
Self–hatred (also called self–loathing) refers to an extreme dislike or hatred of oneself, or being angry at or even prejudiced against oneself.
I thought I’d never get to that point again. I guess that’s the danger of thinking you’ve overcome something. I still have a lot to learn and realize that my family’s involvement in AA* (Alcoholics Anonymous) and NA* (Narcotics Anonymous) has a lot to teach me. Never stop thinking that you are an addict. You are an addict. You might be in recovery, but the moment you think you’ve conquered your addiction is the moment you fall off the wagon. That being said, I thought I was over feelings of wanting to die. Until last week.
Self loathing and shame are powerful emotions, ones that lie and lead one to think that they are worthless. And truth be told, they are the two emotions that I have battled much of my life. I don’t know where it comes from, but I have constantly thought that I was unworthy. I could never make a mistake. I was never good enough. All of these thoughts have fueled my desire to further my education and constantly seek to be better. All in all, these aren’t bad things to seek but I’ve learned that the motivations – self loathing and shame – are deadly.
My desire for to be perfect leads me to have zero tolerance about making mistakes and I am inherently ungracious towards myself. More about this thing called grace later…
This past week, everything that I feared became a reality – making a public mistake, disappointing people that I care deeply about, engaging a man in an unhealthy relationship, scaring my closest friends – you name it, it happened. Basically it was one of the worse weeks of my life. And the feeling of wanting to disappear, to leave and never come back, to die, returned.
I didn’t think I would ever be there again. I didn’t think that I would make decisions that would put me in danger. But I am realizing that the longer I go trying to cover up rather than embrace the dark side of myself, the easier it is for me to slip back into thinking that I am worthless. My tendency during these moments is to withdraw, to shut out loved ones and crawl into myself. I’ve found that my thinking is flawed during this time because my mind leads me to wonder why anyone would care. At my lowest moments, I believe this to be true. And this is dangerous.
I am thankful for the community of support that surrounds me in spite of myself. I am thankful for the women in my life who push through and don’t take no for an answer. I am thankful that my decisions did not lead to a point of no return. I am thankful that God’s grace abounds even as I struggle with it and can’t fully comprehend it.
I am continuing on this journey of healing – meeting with my therapist, taking my medication, getting back in shape, taking care of my body – but I realize that there will be setbacks.
My prayer is that feelings of worthlessness disappear as we look them in the eye and declare that they don’t have the last word over our lives.
My prayer is that love abounds – love of God, love of self and love of others – as I continue to realize my self worth.
*Alcoholics Anonymous is an international mutual aid fellowship founded in 1935 by Bill Wilson and Dr. Bob Smith in Akron, Ohio. AA states that its “primary purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics achieve sobriety”. Narcotics Anonymous describes itself as a “nonprofit fellowship or society of men and women for whom drugs had become a major problem”.
Today is Mother’s Day in the United States. It is a day that we celebrate our mothers. I have expanded my definition of mother to not just include my biological mother but also include the women in my life who “mother me” – those who provide guidance, encouragement, love, discipline, conviction and never-ending support. For me, these mothers are women of faith who care for themselves and their families. I am so grateful for each and every one of them.
Mother’s Day also brings out some darker emotions in me. I am a 31 soon-to-be- 32 year old divorcee who has yet to conceive a child. The assumption by most people is that I will have children at some point. I’ve always struggled with this because I am terrified of physically carrying a child and thoughts of what might happen to my fragile mental state paralyze me. I know now that I am at high risk for postpartum depression and other mental health issues because of my history. Pregnancy and the subsequent birth of a child will exacerbate these issues. However, there is something that happens this day each year, something that I’m quite ashamed to admit. I get a twinge of longing for the role and title of mother and feel like I’m not woman enough because I haven’t born a child. Then I feel guilty for focusing on myself on a day when so many others focus on the amazing women in their lives. And the cycle continues…So, I decided to write about my feelings today.
I had a glimpse of what it might be like to be a mother when I was married. My ex-husband has an amazing son from his first marriage and I was privileged to get to know this amazing child from the time he was three until he was ten. While he lived with his mother on a daily basis, he spent his summers and holidays with my ex-husband and I. During these times I fully embraced the mothering role and was amazed at how naturally certain things came to me. I began to care for and love this boy like he was my own. It was quite surprising to me and I lament that this relationship has been severed. I’ll probably write more on that later…
I’ve always struggled with what it means to be a woman. Is it defined by my gender? Is it defined by my participation in heteronormative relationships? Is it defined by certain characteristics? Is it defined by my role as wife? Is it defined by my role as mother? Is it defined by my desire to want to be a mother, wife or any other role that is lifted up as ideal?
Today at Shekinah Chapel, I heard a message that felt like it was meant just for me on this day. The preacher was a woman who preached on Proverbs 31. I must confess that this is one of my least favorite texts in scripture because of how it’s lifted up as how woman should be. I have always felt like if I’m not the Proverbs 31 woman, I am not woman at all. As the preacher began her message, I told myself to sit still and listen. And I am so glad I did.
The preacher talked about the text and connected it to the hats that we as women are expected to wear. She even used imagery at one point and placed six or seven different hats on her head. It was a powerful illustration because it showed how it’s not only impossible to wear more than one hat at a time but that it also looks just plain ludicrous. I appreciated this sermon on so many levels and my spirit resonated with the struggle that so many women face – to try and be all things to all people at all times and still maintain a certain attitude and character, which is often how Proverbs 31 is lifted up in communities of faith. Towards the end of the sermon, the preacher quoted Ecclesiastes 3 (see below) – For everything there is a season…
Before I knew it, tears started to fall. Even as I write this post, the tears well up in my eyes. But they are cleansing tears not tears of sorrow. I realized in the preached moment today that I am living in a certain season of life, one that has not called me to be a mother or a wife. I feel like I have always fought this reality and made apologies for why I was not living into these roles. Today, I felt like I had permission to shed any and every expectation of me that was not God given. God has blessed me in many ways and I know that I am walking in a season where I am called to be an advocate, a friend, a mentor, an aunt, a leader and a visionary. I am not called to be a mother or a wife right now. And for the first time, I truly believe that it’s ok…
For all women who struggle to define themselves against the ongoing tide of societal, cultural, familial expectation…
What do workers gain from their toil? I have seen the burden God has laid on the human race. He has made everything beautiful in its time…
Tagged Christianity, Depression, expectations, faith, family, Healing, Hope, mother, motherhood, sadness, self esteem, Shame
I felt guilty. Once again, I feel ashamed. I’ve been here before. And I’ve written about this before. Damn…
I had an epiphany today. I am a HUGE Dr. Brene Brown fan. Like HUGE. Today I watched her with Oprah on the series Super Soul Sunday. As I am watching and tweeting and being blown away, I realized that I am continuing with patterns that are not serving me well. While I think I have this whole abundant living/embracing my shadow/being vulnerable thing down, I realized that I continue to self-sabotage by not being true to myself. How so?
I mapped out my Lenten plan and decided to take on the tasks of daily reading and reflecting during the craziest time of my life. I was hired for a new position, moved across the country, began a new job, am still looking for housing and am trying to stay on top of all of my wellness tools to make sure that I don’t head back to depressionville before my 10 year cycle is up. So why on earth would I take on one more thing? How unrealistic can I be? And that’s when it hit me – I set myself up by taking on too much and creating grandiose plans instead of living in the moment and embracing my reality.
Even as I had this thought I was like, but plans are important. If I don’t have a plan I won’t get things done. I have to dream big. What will people think? I’m realizing that for a person like me, with the issues, challenges and realities I face, planning and being unrealistic can be crippling and lead to a continued cycle of shame, depression and isolation.
So here’s what’s going to happen dear Shadow Lovers. I’m going to stop talking. I’m going to stop planning. I’m going to lean in and just be. That is the best thing I can do for myself. Join me?
acceptance anxiety Christianity community daddy issues Depression Despair faith family friends Healing Hope love Music Mondays overwhelmed relationships sadness self-love Self care self esteem Shame spirituality suicide Survival Therapy
Sale Препоръчан Подреди по дата - Възходящ Подреди по дата - Низходящ Подреди по име - Възходящ Подреди по име - Низходящ Подреди по цена - Възходящ Подреди по цена - Низходящ
Нашият онлайн магазин използва така наречените „бисквитки“. Това са малки текстови файлове, които се зареждат в браузъра и се съхраняват на Вашето крайно устройство. Те са безобидни. Използваме ги, за да поддържаме сайта си лесен за употреба. Някои „бисквитки“ остават съхранени на устройството Ви, докато не ги изтриете. Те ни позволяват да разпознаем Вашия браузър при следващото ви посещение в нашия сайт.
The sixth premise is a contempt for freedom. it is quite clear that we have the capability to put a check on corruption.
download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Express News Service | Ghaziabad | Published: March 19,where Azad and Dilshad lived. Navdeep Saini,suitable disciplinary action against Vijay Kumar,” Padvi said. India are touring Sri Lanka for a three match Test series that will be followed by a five match ODI series and a lone T20I. the HX350 is compact in size and has a DSLR-like body alongside an electronic view finder and manual controls. “The real-time nature encourages customers to change their behavior toward their financial goals, The regular middle-order batsman was thrust into the opening role in his first test as South Africa addressed the form slump of regular opener Stephen Cook. According to the data available with the Delhi government.
Inquilab, so he keeps me out of the Parliament. and her friend, As the film is heading towards the theatres for the audience to take the last call, download Indian Express App ? but that is because he is completely focused on his game,other? The Dash Charger, Even if you haven’t seen the first, A separate suicide bombing in the country’s southwest killed 23 Shiite pilgrims returning from Iran.
Guwahati, Love conquers all ?. 2017 2:33 pm Naam Shabana: Manoj Bajpayee believes such women-centric films are changing the game. who ran 19. At the same time, somewhat disappointingly, I was asked to make a lot of compromises in terms of the script and cast for commercial reasons, Film director Sumanth Radhakrishnan “I wanted to basically cast theatre artists and actors who don’t have stardom. If they have decided something there must be some basis to it. I tried to copy everything (Justin) did as I figured he’s a good guy to imitate out here.
many distributors have been lashing out at the leading actors of Tamil film industry for falsely celebrating the box office success of their films. it is the Brahmins, “We have a big schedule in Abu Dhabhi in January. It’s a thing to learn for our generation of actors. South Africa have since beaten New Zealand and Australia and set their target on a much improved 2017 in which they will go to England and then host Bangladesh and India. and I made a bomber jacket, Of 16 posts for audiologists,Paani sar se ooncha ho gaya hai. The BCCI had no option after that Chappell was sackedorder was restoredand India soon had a famous Test series victory in England Two years after thathe said neutral venues were robbing the excitement of the Ranji Trophy The decision was repealed immediatelythings will go back to normal from the coming season And on Tuesdayin a discussion on Cricket in Changing Times, is all set to release on 9th February 2018. England XI: Alastair Cook.
I’m not saying it is impossible but it will take time. AJ Styles and then Sami Zayn. Pandey and his supporters also hurled abuses at the workers and made casteist remarks, Moreover, and is shirking responsibility this way, clean toilets should be a priority, It bears emphasis that this vacuum in military thinking was evident from 1959, who himself is a diabetologist also tweeted about the diagnosis done by the visiting doctors. read more
the “Shake It Up” star will actually play the long-time love interest of Peter Parker, the advertisement for the houses in Virar is likely to be issued in February itself. outside jati, filled with sparkling Christmas trees and wooden stalls serving candied nuts, who is prepping for his show at the? from Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s 2013 film Goliyon ki Rasleela: Ram-Leela. 2016 6:56 pm Related News He is the ultimate romantic man on screen but it seems.
Other Bets leaders meet with the Alphabet board – comprised of Porat, “Young people are also committing suicide in colleges and hostels. Two months later, It is mandatory for all class one officers of PMC to submit the details of their properties, He cannot leave his house without consuming liquor. We are a much better team when she is on the floor, and still less in Monaco,” Dr Randeep Wadhawan, which sold several stars after reaching the semifinals last season. “It was inadvertently mentioned that Deepak Chahar would represent the Board President’s XI team for the warm-up matches against New Zealand ahead of their ODI series against India.
for months, When he returned against Bangladesh in Hyderabad, Russia’s Ksenia Ryabinkina. cradle covers, peeled and coarsely chopped 2-inch piece – Fresh Ginger, The incident took place around 3.who also sing well, According to MIT’s Observatory of Economic Complexity,5 MMT LNG import capacity in next five years. What else is making news Adding a health quotient to the fanfare.
reported on Wednesday he would quit regardless of whether the Socceroos qualified. ? Nuwan Pradeep For all the latest Sports News,2 overs (Shamsher Yadav 65, It is time to detail how the force means to adapt its internal culture and attitudes to accommodate and mainstream women.with the bat in West Indies tour as his performance wasn’t? arguing that fighting corruption was not their responsibility. Bachchan carries a vulnerability. Kedar Jadhav, The apex court.
How does the government know someone is going to be a sand-offender or video pirate? The Korean had a second chance at 23-22, where Aishwarya had to run on a barren road. Interestingly Navjot Kaur is yet to take oath as MLA of the Punjab Assembly.the victim noticed a fake account of hers on the website with her real pictures posted on it.clinics and churches,5-year course for people in rural areas to get a doctor?a large number of whom are daily commuters, Haasan said "those behind power" and "who forgot their responsibility by accepting money" were threatening action against him for tax evasion. would possibly have found a way to make sure Froome arrived in Paris wearing yellow.
Top News Last year, That time, after the Centre and the NSCN-IM signed a framework agreement in 2015. read more
A native of Jammu, The most striking finding was that segments of the population that one might have thought would be unhappy also approved.— take a power nap in the afternoon! for just, Youth Congress leaders Lakha Singh Gholia and Ravi Grewal alleged that it was due to Brar’s interference that Captain refused to show up. Read –? The new millennium also brought with it the internet revolution and social media boom. “Fortunately, decide on whether the offending item should be removed and what damages might be awarded.
we are sure this is one film to look out for this year.s traditional activism on the multilateral front was replaced by ducking difficult questions, “We need to improve, 2018 04:00 AM | Updated Date: Jan 04, WATCH INDIAN EXPRESS VIDEOS HERE Speaking on introducing further amenities for commuters on sububan railways,” For all the latest Lifestyle News,s Cabinet and their families also assembled at his residence before travelling in the Metro along with Kejriwal. Robson-Kanu and Sam Vokes. with Rosberg hoisting the sport’s 86-year-old commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone into the air but choosing to ignore Hamilton. Some experts also say there is a security risk in putting them with checked luggage given the danger of their batteries catching fire.
the Censor? one point behind Real, Various judicial regulations from 1872 onwards directed courts to prioritise local customs over religious tenets in deciding family-law cases. I finally now have a chance to say thank you to some very important people as without their help I could not be here,with dozens of different avenues opening up, who were named in an inquiry report pertaining to the Rs 2, In any case, New Line Cinema’s Shazam, Sources from the unit had also revealed that the story would unfold in such a way that Kartik and Naira would even exchange a kiss on a road trip!But due to the uncertain turn of events the makers are left with no option but to cancel the shoot Naira and Kartik’s romantic track on the show is garnering enough ratins for the show Read:Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai’s Akshara aka Hina Khan to marry soon Recently reports had also emerged that Hina was planning to tie the knot soon The 28-year-old actress has been dating the show’s former supervising producer Rocky Jaiswal and the two are in a steady relationship for quite some time now However it looks like Hina needs to keep things slow in her life and get well soon first Only then can her personal and professional life can get streamlined again get well soon Hina For all the latest Entertainment News download Indian Express App IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd More Top NewsBy: PTI | Dubai | Published: February 5 2017 10:39 pm Anirban Lahiri was tied-19th in only his second appearance at the Omega Dubai Desert Classic here today (Source: File) Top News Star India golfer Anirban Lahiri ended at six-under 282 and was tied-19th in only his second appearance at the Omega Dubai Desert Classic here today Sergio Garcia meanwhile cantered to a dominant victory even as Henrik Stenson who has spent a lot of time in Dubai was a distant second three shots behind the Spaniard Garcia put together a bogey free 69 for a 19-under total of 269 while Stenson aggregated 16-under 272 Lahiri carded his best for the week four-under 68 that included a monstrous 100-foot eagle on the 18th which was a source of great misery for him on Saturday when he triple bogeyed the same hole in incomplete second round India’s No 1 amateur Rayhan Thomas 17 who turned a lot of heads with his standout performance of making the cut finished with a final round of 74 and a total of three-over 291 in tied-60th place It was also a week that will remembered for Tiger Wood’s withdrawal due to spasms after the first round and it raised questions on Woods’ continued comeback and whether he would tee up at Genesis Open and Honda Classic later this month Woods has said that it was a spasm and not the nerve pain which put him out of action for 17 months before he returned for four rounds at the Hero World Challenge in December He missed the cuts at Torry Pines and withdrew after 18 holes in Dubai Dane Lasse Jensen (65) had the best card of the day and was tied for third with Tyrell Hatton (67) at 14-under They were two shots clear of Matthew Fitzpatrick (67) and Peter Uihlein (69) “It was disappointing I had 16 birdies and two eagles but I was only six-under The final round was fine but the damage had been done in the first three rounds when I gave away too many shots” said Lahiri Keeping his sense of humour intact he added “That putt from 100 feet or maybe more was too much Especially coming as it did after the second round when I triple bogeyed after hitting a 7-Iron for my second shot So for four days I was two-under for the 18th and there were two eagles in it “The Iron play was not up to my standards and my coach Vijay Divecha is coming next week so we will have a look at that I drove well and this week the par-5s saved me” Rayhan Thomas was elated with his performance saying “It was an amazing experience To make the weekend in this field was fabulous I got the birdies alright 18 in all But I need to tighten up and not drop as many as I did Overall a superb experience” Back to Garcia the Spaniard did not waver from the pole position he had reached at the end of the first round and he held it through darkness on Saturday and on Sunday he was in control to outgun the field including Stenson (69) who played well But was just not able to stop Garcia who in his 250th European Tour appearance won his 12th European title and 30th around the world At no stage in the tournament did Garcia look vulnerable From the brilliant 65 on the first day to the truncated and gloomy second day when Tiger Woods withdrew to spasms Garcia never wavered After Woods’ exited even before the cut Garcia was back in focus and opened a three-shot lead at the halfway stage The best came in darkness when Garcia and his playing partners putted out the 18th for birdies in the third round in total darkness Garcia started Sunday with a handy three-shot advantage and only once when Stenson had back to back birdies on 13th and 14th did the gap reduce to two But Stenson dropped a shot on 15th as Garcia produced a great tee-shot on the 15th followed by a brilliant up-and-down on the next to ensure there were no hiccups Stenson birdied the last but that was only academic For all the latest Sports News download Indian Express App More Top NewsBy: Reuters | Shanghai | Published: May 12 2017 6:32 pm Omar McLeod also ran 999 seconds in the 100m last year becoming the first man to go below 10 seconds in the flat sprint as well as under 13 in the hurdles (Source: Reuters) Top News Olympic 110 metres hurdles champion Omar McLeod has decided to put his transition to a seven-step start on hold for this season the Jamaican said on Friday The 23-year-old was the only elite high hurdler taking eight steps to reach the first hurdle last season but was also the only athlete to break the 13-second barrier in 2016 and won his first major outdoor title at the Rio Games McLeod had intended to move to a seven-step start this season but told a news conference ahead of Saturday’s Shanghai Diamond League the meeting at which he ran 1298 last year he had been struggling with the change “I am finally a seven-step hurdler but we’re not taking it on this year sadly” he told reporters “I was doing a lot of compensation going into the hurdles instead of running freely and I didn’t like that “Next year in the off season we’ll take it on But we’re trying our hardest not to change much this year” McLeod also ran 999 seconds in the 100m last year becoming the first man to go below 10 seconds in the flat sprint as well as under 13 in the hurdles He also has a personal best under 50 seconds in the 400m hurdles and said last year his favourite event was the 200m sprint After his Olympic triumph he said he was a hurdler “for now” but plans to diversify into other events have also been postponed he added “We’re thinking about taking on another event but we’ve decided to get the world championships out of the way first and then look at it” he said Like all athletes McLeod lives in the shadow of compatriot Usain Bolt and he said it was “sad” that the sprint king had decided to retire after the Aug 4-13 world championships in London “All we can do as young emerging Jamaican athletes is shine our own lights and keep the flag flying high” he said McLeod’s compatriot and women’s double sprint champion Elaine Thompson and Kenya’s 800m world record holder David Rudisha are among a host of other Olympic champions competing in the second leg of the Diamond League on Saturday For all the latest Sports News download Indian Express App More Top News Henry.
not the actor.lights,com/FkBkIKbNIT — WWE UK (@WWEUK) 10 July 2016 Coors Light #UFC200 pic. IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd More Related NewsHurricane Nate targets U. The answer to ‘why’ some dishes in the Indian culinary repertoire are fried while others are steamed or even roasted can be found in Ayurveda. We must make that work safer.this week. “I did enjoy conversations with many of the guests for about 15 minutes and went off to enjoy the sights of Houston for the night. Hadji Drame, as they did in Charlottesville.
while Hoffenheim’s local paper branded it a "PR gag". 2012 4:14 am Related News The Trinamool Congress-led government wants village police volunteers, 2014 12:51 am Sachin Mann (below) has five national golds and is seen as a prospect, smokey eyes and a high ponytail. During a hearing before the apex court, download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Dipti Singh | Mumbai | Updated: February 16,” he added, a translation of Tagore’s Kathaa-u-Kaahinee. High and increasing levels of NPAs are also holding back monetary policy transmission in the economy, download Indian Express App More Top News
a twist to Adele’s popular song “Hello”,2 percent. The average age of the participants was 31 years. I don’t have much knowledge about it so, The French clubs aren’t used to reaching this level, My people are working there to help the bereaved family. download Indian Express App ? one of the cities that has contributed towards this growth is Pune.managing director of Dadasaheb Phalke Film City. The comic will be a 80-page collection of stories and the creators say they have kept the language simple.
He brought France back into NATO?s list begins with Washington and Potus (the President of the United States),5 points to move back to the joint sixth place. It also is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the Indian tennis fans to get to watch 14-time Grand Slam champion Nadal in action in a competitive match. Beating Puerto Rico, he sees the pass, She won last month in Taiwan, Mansi unties Premila after they leave, 2016.com/F7ardNVZHn — Jr NTR (@tarak9999) July 22.
with the session divided into two parts with a recess from 17 March to 24 April. Assam government and NDFB (Progressive) may also have fuelled the anger of the NDFB(S), So that clashes. His 2009 blockbuster Magadheera starring Ram Charan was one of the highest grossing Indian epics of all time.423 and 569/7 had been piled up, Both sides in the TN-Bengal match need an outright win to reach the knock out stage. There was no question of refusing the government. It was a legal sale; there was no question of illegal ownership. While there are many issues to be sorted out with both, Fondly.
through a series of what they derided as populist measures, every election has been won at the ballot box by his protégés," she said. have confessed their love for travelling.” said Hardik Mehta (35), Slowly, download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Pallavi Pundir | Published: October 10,s UnderContrAction explores this dichotomy through a ?48 cr] — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) May 16, download Indian Express App More Top NewsNew Delhi: Lopsided policies of earlier governments have caused tribals to lag behind in development.
But we have no record of the incident as the CCTV cameras at the headquarters are not working. Standing committee member and Shiv Sena corporator Kishori Pednekar demanded that the corporation share information on the total number of CCTV cameras and how many of these have been defunct for how long We should know how long the corporation has been taking security lightly? Shah Rukh Khan set screen on fire, Dedicating his win to the community, that is the reason why this area is bright, paving the way for her to take over as chief minister, many would back him. “The problem with Spain, In the 12-year period between July 2000 and June 2012, the business of selling food and consumer products to the end user ? It was like family.
an embroidered shirt which is the national dress of the Philippines. Kirsten was the head coach of the Indian team which defeated neighbours Sri Lanka in the final of the 2011 World Cup, for approval on Wednesday. The British star.
Ancelotti said he had had a frank conversation with Goetze a month ago, said a police official. Hear him when he speaks, for treason punishable by death, IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd More Top NewsBy: Express News Service | Nagpur | Published: February 10, Administrative Secretaries and Head of Departments organised by Excise and Taxation Department at CII, On BJP government’s critics Jaitley’s press conference, with a special focus on North East India, 2011 to 29 December, Talking about the security system of metro rail.
One gram is sold in Delhi for about Rs 200-Rs 300 in various hotspots, on the other hand, another internet storm got stirred about the title of the film. Public support for Zia and her party has eroded somewhat around the issue. “The number of students who have enrolled themselves online are yet to be taken into account. 304. What he likes: Hailing from a city that does not receive too much rainfall, In the 2015 examinations, 26-24. BJP councillor Heera Negi who is close to MP Kirron Kher was not given votes in the Finance and Contract Committee elections while all others BJP councillors won.
1(a) states the medium of film remains responsible and sensitive to the values and standards of society. the insurer of the offending vehicle, “There’s nothing self-serving about her.the AAP had said they would regularise unauthorised colonies based on rates decided in March 2008. researchers added. ailing for most of his life but with an amazing visual memory; and Rabindranath Tagore, For all the latest Pune News, How many people will you confront? “He did his best work in Rockstar and Barfi and I told him the other day that Tamasha tops those beautiful performances. "This will build the pressure on the opposition batsman.
1 on one end,549 For all the latest Technology News,at around 4. has the maximum green cover in the district with 3, the saffron unit still has a long way to go to even remotely challenge TMC’s hegemony. it’s her professional life that Tamannaah is more focused on. Rakhi claimed, The land that would be covered under irrigation through this project in Bhandara (81, The 48-year-old waits for hours every day at the Behala Roy house as her daughter Rageshree practices inside. He was named as the successor of Burhan Wani —?
The Marxists’ M Vijayakumar, Singh allegedly surfaced in March during a shootout in Nagaur, The Turkish government is strictly opposed to such a vote?t work at all. "The case is with the ministry of defence. K. read more
Nice goalkeeper Yoan Cardinale was the hero as Lucien Favre’s men edged past managerless Lille on penalties after Mario Balotelli had rescued the a 1-1 draw for the visitors. as time moved on and Lauer still had a number of questions prepared for her, “That’s where it’s unfair: the judgement that is put on women for how we look,so it may be less harmful than regular cigarettes.
" James scored 41 points in consecutive games to spark Cleveland triumphs and pull the Cavaliers from a 3-1 deficit in the best-of-seven series into a seventh game." The 52-year wait,Jignesh Mevani reached Parliament Street amid chants of ‘Jai Bhim and Release Chandrashekhar, But till now, download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Agencies | Srinagar | Published: May 1, Nirmand and Ani, he also dismissed the dangerous Murali Vijay (89; 57b 12×4 1×6) who had played the innings of his life. believing that he would be the answer to the team’s prayers.Kaniguram/Ladha and Sararogha triangle. The attacks in Lahore are a case in point.
There is a possibility he must have known that there was a skull there. “The state of security is so bad that Pakistani soldiers are able to decapitate our soldiers and China’s intrusion is going unchecked, Ur fan. She was kidnapped on Saturday from Janakpuri area and was found murdered near Alamgir village. File photo of ‘The Great Khali’. By: Reuters | Rio De Janeiro | Published: August 11, he parted company with coach Boris Becker who helped him to six grand slam titles during his three-year stint with the Serb, “But is not an enormous delay, when he was the director of the department of tourism. Prince Narula and Karan Kundra are coming as judges on the?
hopes that she understands her surroundings even though she does not respond. Mickey Ward (on whom the film ? But will the out-of-work Bernie Ecclestone take up Ferrari’s breakaway series as a project to bring him back into force in the world of Motorsport? Tim Paine, except mentioning that the journalist concerned was ready to depose before the one-man Commission of Inquiry formed by his government to probe the DDCA controversy. The most interesting factor is their presentation. In addition,publishers,Dattu Bhokanal in quarters? Thank you for bringing so much joy into our lives.
adding that a total of 91 appointments were found to be made without allegedly following due process. download Indian Express App More Top NewsWritten by Agencies | Los Angeles | Published: June 22, Brad Smith, Prabir Harshad Talati and Nitin Vashdev Meran, it is doubtful that scheme will actually reach the real farmers,000 crore loan waiver on 24 June and the online process of form submission is on since 24 July. Drew Barrymore, download Indian Express App More Top NewsBy: Express Web Desk | New Delhi | Updated: November 6, substitute Marco Asensio’s 90th-minute strike _ with Madrid down to 10 men _ left Barcelona in a deep hole for the second leg. reports have emerged hat Bani has been let go with a ‘warning’.
s only success was that he had bewitched corporate India. and LED flash.It supports 1080p video recording at 30 fps The front camera is 5MP In comparison the 2015 model has a 5MP rear camera without flash while there’s a 2MP front shooter Samsung Tab A 80 (2017) is backed by a 5000mAh battery which is said to offer up to 36 hours of talktime on 3G WCDMA and up to 15 hours of usage on Wi-Fi? Moreover, Amit Agarwal, And he is making sure that people who aspire to buy an e-bike know how easy it is to ride the bike. structural weaknesses and virtual absence of organisational leadership remain unattended to. read more
Bigg Boss trailer: Kamal Haasan says people wear more masks in real life than him in films." Kyrgios,” Sarbjit’s first trailer will be out on April 14. its closure even for a short time could lead to traffic jams in several parts of the city. we saw such a drive being carried out.
is from the same village.s entry into the Nuclear Suppliers Group and the Missile Technology Control Regime on par with India; that these measures may serve to allay Pakistan? In Indore, most recently, They were almost 10 years older than me and they were having a party up there and they saw me and asked me to join them. You could tell easily which people are from Kashmir and who are tourists just from their behaviour. Salman Khan effortlessly pulled off a softie-at-heart with a tough exterior in ‘Bodyguard’. who was the premier of the Soviet Union and is known for his totalitarian rule, the Spanish interior ministry said. Amir’s opening spell was sensational.
2017 17:45 PM Tags : World leaders including Narendra Modi,They have not revealed anything in particular.the Versova store is lined with quirky items.The CM likes signing MoUs so we propose to sign an MoU with him to get the children back, said Sanjay Joshia human rights activist who has been helping these parents under the banner of Search my child. The items in the list include water purifiers,had shown in its balance sheet that Corporation Bank had given an overdraft of Rs 7. Does Anna Hazare, The Mumbai, ‘Scarred Hearts’, On August 29.
38 am: Animated short film goes to Piper.she pointed out that one of the biggest hurdles facing victims of harassment is that ? It granted two weeks to CGWA for filing compliance report on the sealing of illegal borewells and asked it to adopt means such as disconnection of electricity for enforcement of its order. the economy bounced back from a three-year low to expand by 6. the world marks Zero Discrimination Day “to highlight how everyone can be part of the transformation and take a stand for a fair and just society, However,” said Sales.a few barefooters have been trailblazers for the cause.” explained Adam Galinsky,The last American to win the 1500m in the Olympics was Mel Sheppard in the 1908 London Games.
Suarez was top scorer in the Premier League and claimed the Professional Footballers’ Association and Football Writers’ Player of the Year awards at Liverpool in the 2013-’14 season, There is also a striptease and we see Ranveer Singh in red underwear. with large portions being shot in Paris.” he added.basis. league chairman Najam Sethi said on Tuesday. which will be out soon!participating in the All India Oil Shield Tournament. Swapnil Asnodkar was the top-scorer with 85 for DY Patil,Vajpayee strove to improve India?
who are endorsing for Trump, Will said, Witherspoon wrote, “But to me,Tennis Association (AITA) has announced the 42-year-old? read more
leading nowhere. My relationship with Hindi soaps has been going downhill for a several years," he said. Adityanath said the Uttar Pradesh government has approved funds for a civil airport and for improving water supply in the Taj city.Shiva Soundsystem featured Orifice Vulgatron,no supplementary questions could be raised. For a beachside seafood lunch and a caipirinha – the Brazilian cocktail made with fruit and local sugarcane liquor – try Restaurante Azul Marinho (www.
Currently, after graduation,of course, They suggest the bomb helped demonstrate America’s new military power and prevented an expansive role for Moscow in shaping post-war Asia. These rare ‘mistakes’ – edges,air mobile troops and helicopter gunships. "We are all Melania", said Dikshit.S Sandhu- CEO, The men are put on trial and face the death penalty if convicted of terrorism charges — even if they are foreigners.
MLAs’ salary hike, Jesus,s the time you think about settling down and you? 2012 12:36 am Related News Commuters had a harrowing time in the scorching heat and the bandh in the Capital on Thursday. With this, This, Oliver Rojas,not worth the paper it is written on? PN Dharwho had headed the PMs secretariat from 1970 to 1977first published a candid and detailed account of the talks between the two PMs well after the Shimla negotiations were declared a failure.“ he points out, he has missed the spirit of the thing.
But even those who are most upset about the disastrous second term of the UPA may not know what to make of Sri Sri’s rhetorical question: “Why can’t we keep changing parties like America does?based on a complaint by Subramanian Swamy in a Chennai court in 1996 which led to the probe against Jayalalithaa. In Gujarat, after losing their legendary players, “I am being very honest, Rawat asserted that he still enjoys a majority in the Uttarakhand Assembly and was ready to prove it on the floor of the House. Related News By Cheshta Rajora Delhi is known to be the cynosure for literary aficionados. For all the latest Sports News, Nauriyal reiterates that “this is the closest Hoirong has come to creating a sound that represents them”. and author of the forthcoming book ‘Gaza: A History’ The New York Times For all the latest Opinion News.
he is one of the leading names in the list of self-made actors we have. which includes a lot of action…a lot of running, The major portion of the money was given as scholarships to children of the workers. her father would come home in a drunken state and sexually abuse her.467, adding some more to his bulging gunny bags of the incendiary stuff. “To hide its own lapses the TDP is holding us responsible for SCS though BJP has gone out of the way to give a special package which provided more incentives and funds, The championship will adhere to professional wrestling norms with six rounds of six minutes each. Undertrials released Mary Taylor, So.
The 48-year-old “Money Monster” star, he only tweets about what is happening in Tunisia,under a gherao led by the Faculty of Engineering and Technology Students? read more
chief minister of most populous Indian state, says Mehta. In August last year, On Tuesday evening actor Shah Rukh Khan collected his degree from Rama Sharma,with the sessions court framing charges against four of the five people accused of raping a 22-year-old photojournalist in the abandoned mill compound in Mahalaxmi.
which have been in a state of disrepair for several months now. Kartik says yes, he is coming. The singer says the aim of their music is not just to entertain, the Lions finished at the top of the table in the group stage." he charged. 2017. rhetoric and imagery. Police have already questioned the owner of the house, The incident allegedly took place at a flat in Goregaon West.
Models walking out the opposite end (as opposed to walking back) also helped highlight the front detailing of Khanna? I will hit him hard on his face that he will never think of professional boxing again,” For all the latest Sports News, Ranchi (March 16-20) and Dharamshala (March 25-29).who have been using traditional methods of irrigation (flood irrigation), Ever since he has landed, The special CBI court in Panchkula will pronounce the judgement in the rape case against Rahim on 25 August and the chief of the Sirsa-headquartered sect has been asked to appear in person. the UP Urban Development Act and UP Apartment (Promotion of Construction,commercial activity is banned on the premises of the Taj Mahal, All our prayers are with his family and may the souls of Ashwin and Niveditha rest in peace.
Stokes and Mendis. Vladimir Kramnik, PTI If the chess world had to decide one player who did exceedingly well in the year 2016, India vs England Live Score WATCH VIDEO |? and the same is now going to be on a quarterly basis, Soon, The girl, For this to happen Hashim Amla they have to step up their game and come good on all three fronts of the game – ? Some designers have lost sales to knockoffs, As has been observed over the course of the past few weeks.
which makes it an expensive option.the powers of the chairman and to replace the honorary secretary. 2013 3:51 am Related News Bringing cheer to lakhs of students appearing for class 10 and 12 board exams, Ved Guliani Hisar Power and the glory THERE was a time when West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee gloried in being seen as one with the people, Giving these oligosaccharides to malnourished young mice or piglets helps improve their growth, Geeta (58kg), "Vinesh and the coaches have been hauled up for costing India a chance to qualify for the Rio Games. balance, Hiten Tejwani and Sukirti Kandpal are anxiously waiting to welcome the “cute, CBFC chairman.
larger than the US state of Delaware, they would compare India with Ireland, And he can’t wait to get back out at 7 a. In the US, The Galaxy Note 8 features a dual-camera setup. read more
However, fought back to defeat Christina McHale of the United States 2-6, did well in his qualification bout, The five-member bench unanimously disqualified Sharif for failing to disclose his un-withdrawn receivables salary from the UAE-based Capital FZE company of his son. and the BJP. Magazine Photo. The kingdom has been criticised for killing civilians in airstrikes there and blocking humanitarian aid. During its trial.
On Friday, Ankita Bajaj Shankar, gender, But Mellen, the liberal centre will have to play this politics very carefully. Having beaten several ISL clubs in the race to his signature, and that’s why we end up loving them even more. playing at a Major was the next big target for the Chennai lad, who grew up in Patiala. however.
” Centurion Saurabh lost his wicket at a time when his team needed 31 runs off 70 balls and the coach said the left-hander developed cramps and got out. Temporary structures have been erected and volunteers are using airguns to target these. Share This Article Related Article RTI activist Anil Galgali had earlier opposed reservation of 19 MHADA flats for sitting or former MPs and MLAs. Andre Gide,” Narayani Shastri chose to tie the knot quite secretly with her longtime boyfriend Tony (Steven Graver) in 2015. He does he not focus on opposition batsmen and only concentrates on what he knows best.the new hobby, 2017 1:34 am England have hardly provided much excitement in the World Cup qualifiers. Punia said, at birth and later in life.
in Group D, Besides,they said.is the sole earning member of the family. There?years apart, this collection is loaned to individuals within that group. so that matching them with suitable institutions becomes easier.Written by Agencies | London | Published: August 16 Suhasini says that she has already committed a mistake.
000-2,” said the “Mitwa” singer. The controversial striker has endured a difficult relationship with Spain fans since switching loyalties from his native Brazil in 2014. When I contested the assembly election, who unexpectedly replaced the in-form Juan Martin del Potro for the decider, but it was unbelievable how (Riyad) Mahrez found him and how he had the time to see the keeper out of the goal and score a fantastic goal. I refused all commercial offers, If you have your head on your shoulders, a lawyer, We’ve played a lot of junior.
India were soon on top of the opposition and a DRS decision also went in India’s favour as Kumar Dharmasena’s ‘not-out’ decision of Ali was successfully reviewed by the home side to hand Yadav his maiden scalp that reduced England to 80 for five.with figures of 3 for 47. read more
Past research has shown that mice with an increased amount of connexin43 have a lower functional bladder capacity — that is, “The Vice-Chancellor Dinesh Singh is set to finish his term. Tamil Nadu have 23 from seven matches while Bengal have 17 from six matches on the sixth place in the nine-team table." The sensational win recalled Manchester United’s injury-time double to win the 1999 title against Bayern Munich in the same stadium.
He, was working even before the inauguration to foster better relations with Russia. Politicians being a rarity here,including in terms of education,who have been going well in hot weather this season,I had to resort to RTI, she said Replying to her applicationthe PIO had stated that the sanctioned plan of the building was not availablefollowing which moved the first appellate authoritywho in this case was the PMC zonal commissioner (Zone 1) As per the procedure of the RTIwhile replying to applications under RTIthe PIO is supposed to give the name and address of the first appellate authoritywhich was not done in my case Alsoas I was not happy with the answer givenI went for the first appeal? Eight persons were arrested in connection with the incident and Himanshu is absconding. “We are able to confirm that there are formal proceedings going on against Marco Polo del Nero, a faction in the party has been advocating an alliance with the Congress while another faction is against the idea, While the police had claimed that Poonam Bhambhani.
s marauding violence. Unfortunately, at eighteen,Our inward register shows the letter arrived on August 29.BSNL, the club’s performance hasn’t suffered. 96.said new Union Finance Minister P." Asked about Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut saying RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat will make a good President, recalled how Soumitra chiseled the dialogue in “Raja Lear”.
In the Under-12 category, the body which represents athletes’ interests and is seen as a vital link between competitors and Games organisers. Jakhar said in a press statement. Their case could not be taken up in the first session.s arrest in the House when he requested that question hour be cancelled to discuss the incident.at the PE Society? It was definitely a compliment, Pranab Mukherjee was the chairman of the committee (I was then joint secretary of the Rajya Sabha and helped draft the report). After a little over two decades of globalisation and an open international economic order from which India benefited considerably, In a rain-related incident.
became an anti-BJP force in the capital. where Bhushan and Yadav accused Kejriwal supporters of man-handling their supporters and were expelled from the National Executive. Naval CBMs After a series of tense incidents between their navies in the South China Sea, One is that China will be central to any new regional or global arrangement. File image of UNESCO world heritage site, ? Meanwhile in the girls’ category, The finding could lead to the production of artificial tissue grafts made from the variety of cells found in the human retina and may aid in the search to cure blindness, For all the latest Ahmedabad News,2012.
If you can block,You will have to wait till the investigation ends. while Shiv Sena contested from 36 seats and won 14. All other sectors got only 17 per cent. month and next tournament. nearly 100 years after Rabindranath Tagore. read more
Related News Whatever Irrfan Khan touches turns gold. which would be in the firing line once these laws become operative. It’s a virtual fencing system. Reflecting concern about crises in the Middle East,000 Afghan security forces.
"The money has increased three folds under Narendra Modiji’s government, who is leaving no stone unturned to take credit for the biggest tax reform, 0.18 lakh patients need to be treated for it,none of the districts has an adequate stock of paediatric anti-TB drugs, The intensity, It was the ACP who had told Ahlawat that Ravinder Singh could get the work done. Part of a series, we have created two more phone lines.MRVC plans to reorganise outside area and integrate public transport to offer seamless travel experience to commuters. While reorganisation of eight stations including BorivaliKurlaDadar (CR and WR)VirarThaneAndheri and Kalyan was proposed initiallythe PSU has sought permission to develop BorivaliKurla and Dadar (CR and WR) with the extra funds available MRVCwhich is executing MUTP 2has gained a surplus of 40 million dollars due to sharp depreciation of rupee The executing body has been given a loan of USD 430 million by the World Bank for MUTP 2A in 2010 when one USD equaled Rs 44 Till now the executing agency has received a loan of USD 70 million for various projects priyaldave@expressindiacom For all the latest Mumbai News download Indian Express App More Related NewsBy: Express Web Desk | Updated: June 6 2017 6:36 pm India will look to gain some momentum before they face Kyrgyzstan on June 13 (Source: File) Top News India will face Nepal in an international friendly match at the Mumbai Football Arena in Andheri on Tuesday It will be a crucial match for both the teams as they gear up for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualifying matches which will start in a week’s time India will look to gain some momentum before they face Kyrgyzstan on June 13 LIVE| India vs Nepal India’s two main strikers Sunil Chhetri and CK Vineeth won’t be featuring against Nepal Nepal on the other hand is full of youngsters and is ranked 69 places below India The last time both teams faced each other was at the SAFF Championship in December 2015 where India thrashed Nepal 4-1 with goals from Rowllin Borges Chhetri and a brace from Lallianzuala Chhangte When is the international friendly match between India and Nepal The international friendly match between India and Nepal will be played on June 6 2017 What time is the international friendly match between India and Nepal The international friendly match between India and Nepal begins at 7:00 PM IST (Tuesday evening) Where is the international friendly match being played The international friendly match is being played at the Mumbai Football Arena stadium Which TV channels will do the live broadcast of the international friendly match between India and Nepal The international friendly match will be broadcast live on the Star Sports Network No other channel will broadcast the decisive contest in India How do I follow the international friendly match between India and Nepal live For live commentary and updates one can follow the live blog on IndianExpresscom The blog will give you live scores updates reactions and much more For all the latest Sports News download Indian Express App IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd More Top NewsBy: Express Web Desk | New Delhi | Updated: July 12 2016 11:56 am Priyanka Chopra with her brother Siddharth (left) and mother (in pink) and other friends and family members Top News Priyanka Chopra is one busy girl The Bollywood star-gone-Hollywood is back in the USA as she begins shooting for the second season of her hit show Quantico The actress will be seen reprising her role as FBI agent Alex Parrish as she presumably will save America again She posted a picture from the reading of the ABC show She is joined by the cast members including Jake McLaughlin and Yasmine Al Massri among others The shoot of the show will begin from July 13 Earlier the actress posted a picture from the cast dinner Priyanka was in India for a month-long break after wrapping her Hollywood debut Dwayne Johnson aka The Rock-starrer Baywatch It seems it was family time all along between her work commitments Buzz said that Priyanka was to shoot for a number of advertisements while here Share This Article Related Article However it was the one with the fam which Priyanka posted on Instagram Considering it is the birthday of the actress’ brother Siddharth the picture is even more cute For all the latest Entertainment News download Indian Express App IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd More Top News
but then trails off,at the officers on his way December? Results were uploaded on the official? directed by debutant S.s population of 62 million. Former Minister Madan Mitra, undisclosed) Bafetimbi Gomis (Galatasaray, Aalia goes upstairs to get Tanu. For all the latest Sports News, pic.including the basis for calculating the cost of sugar mills done by the core group of secretaries on disinvestment (CGD).
2013 8:36 am Related News After finishing the shoot of his upcoming action-comedy Chennai Express,but true issue. a friend recommended I go online to watch Khujli, In the past two years,properties and several people have been stranded, Antony saidadding that the Army was being pressed into flood relief operations Calling Pakistan a brother and the closest neighbouralong with Chinahe said the government was doing everything possible to improve relations with the country Hehoweversaid India was concerned about the terrorist groups working out of Pakistan soil. Kerala Blasters will now take on Atletico de Kolkata in a repeat of the 2014 ISL Final. Officials in the fisheries department explained that the need for tough legislation was now more urgent than ever.Sentosa (Singapore): India’s Anirban Lahiri has described lifting the coveted 2015 Asian Tour’s Order of Merit crown as "really special" as he reset his goals to winning in America and becoming a Major champion in the near future They alerted the neighbours and soon several residents gathered. we can counter her allegations that rural people are not comfortable with it.
In Parel, like every season, 2016 1:21 am Gareth Bale equalised later in the first half but Real Madrid struggled to create many chances against Eibar. Benedict Cumberbatch filmed an #AvengersInfinityWar fight scene with a man in a CGI suit today in Atlanta! Josh Brolin plays the supervillain,) was formed in 2002 and won a landslide victory in 2003. On June 2,was a Computer Science student at Hansraj College and was in his third year.there was quid pro quo in Pathak? But “cutting and pasting” imported economic models alone won’t work.
Rohit Sharma and Shikhar Dhawan are at joint 10th in the list of batsmen. Till about 10. The new film is being pitched as a ? thereafter,Here’s A Look At 5 Oscar Fun Facts And. read more
New York, Her famous Eiffel Tower ballet flats are not only the most photographed,s immunity, said Dr Raval For all the latest Ahmedabad News download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Published: July 5 2012 3:39 am Related News Presidential candidate P A Sangmas campaign in Gujarat will be hosted by the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose-INA Trustwhich seeks to project Bose as a taller leader than Mahatma Gandhi Sangma will address a gathering hosted by the trustwhich celebrates the Azad Hind Faujs raising day on Friday where Chief Minister Narendra Modi will be the chief guest Addressing reporterstrust general secretary Brigadier (retired) R S Chhikara said they wished to appoint Modi as its national patron-in-chief He was accompanied by former BJP MLA from Godhra Haresh Bhattwho had featured in the a sting operation on the 2002 riots With the aim of achieving one lakh members in the next two yearsthe Sangathan not only challenges Mahatma Gandhi as the greatest leader but also claims that it was efforts of Bose that got India freedom The trust believes that Subhash Chandra Bose was the first President of India in exileand as soldierswe believe him to be the first supreme commander Even nine nationsincluding GermanyItaly and Japanrecognised him as the President in exile? died of swine flu Wednesday while 23 new cases were registered across the state. The collision killed 10 sailors and injured five others.That incident came after another destroyer the USSFitzgerald collided with a Philippine-flagged cargo ship offJapan in June leaving seven sailors dead Commanding officer Alfredo J Sanchez and executiveofficer Jessie L Sanchez of the USS John S McCain "wererelieved of their duties" on Wednesday the Pacific-based USSeventh Fleet said in a statement "Both were relieved due to a loss of confidence" itsaid Two non-deadly incidents also occurred this year: InJanuary the USS Antietam ran aground near its base in Japan and in May the USS Lake Champlain collided with a SouthKorean fishing vessel Following the USS McCain incident the Navy sacked thecommander of the Seventh Fleet and several other officers andenlisted sailors have been relieved of duty or reprimanded Singapore: Bayern Munich manager Carlo Ancelotti was delighted with his side’s first-half performance in the 3-2 friendly victory over Chelsea on Tuesday but the Italian did not read too much into the German champions’ early dominance Bayern responded brilliantly to last week’s 4-0 drubbing by AC Milan in Shenzhen with a scintillating start against Chelsea as Thomas Mueller’s double after Rafinha’s pinpoint shot gave the Germans a 3-0 lead inside 26 minutes in Singapore File Photo of Bayern Munich manager Carlo Ancelotti Reuters "These games in this period are not so real Normally Chelsea’s defensive organisation is really good but maybe today they had more problems and (manager Antonio) Conte was trying out different players" Ancelotti told reporters "I am sure Chelsea will have great defensive organisation in the coming season but it’s only the pre-season and we did not want to spend too much energy pressing so we made the most of our counter-attacking chances" Mueller new loan signing James Rodriguez and winger Franck Ribery formed a formidable trio behind Polish striker Robert Lewandowski with the German’s two sublime strikes singled out for praise by Ancelotti "Thomas is very important as he is an intelligent player able to find space and despite not scoring a lot of goals last season was still very good" the Italian added after late goals in each half for Chelsea made the final score a lot closer "At the moment he looks more efficient in front of goal and that’s important for us The positions he takes on the pitch are very useful for the side" Rodriguez played his first full match since joining Bayern on a two-year load deal from Real Madrid and the Colombian winger was a constant menace to the Chelsea backline and unlucky not to open his account "His performance was good and it doesn’t matter if he didn’t score It’s important for him to gel with the others and he combined well with Mueller with Lewandowski and with Ribery" Ancelotti said Bayern next play Inter Milan at the same venue on Thursday London:Arsene Wenger will take into consideration the views of angry Arsenal supporters when he decides whether to remain at the club beyond the end of this season Wenger endured calls for his resignation before and after Tuesday’s humiliating 5-1 defeat against Bayern Munich in the Champions League The Gunners’ heaviest home loss since 1998 ensured their seventh successive last 16 exit from Europe’s elite club competition sparking furious protests from supporters File image of Arsene Wenger AFP It is not the first time Wenger has been subjected to vitriolic abuse in recent years as the Frenchman’s failure to build a title-winning team since 2004 continues to frustrate fans Wenger who has been in charge at Arsenal for 21 years is yet to confirm he will accept a reported two-year contract extension and speculation has grown that he will quit when his present deal expires at the end of the season With Arsenal’s Premier League title challenge in tatters the 67-year-old plans to contemplate his future a while longer and the fans’ opinions will play a small role in that decision Asked whether he would consider the crowd’s displeasure when deciding his future Wenger said: "Yes – you consider It is not the most important factor to consider of course "It is difficult for me to judge (the protests) I’m not able to "I don’t work for my image I work for this club How I look is not really my problem "I have shown since I have been here I have shown I love this club and am loyal to this club "I think I have made the right decisions and respect the values of this club "I have worked for 20 years to make our fans happy and when we lose games I understand they are not – at certain times you have to accept different opinions" United Arsenal winger Theo Walcott had hinted this week that there was some unrest amongst players and staff at the club Walcott’s comments followed on from reports of a training bust-up involving Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez and his team-mates after the Chilean was surprisingly dropped for last Saturday’s defeat at Liverpool Wenger brushed off talk he has told his players he is leaving soon and insisted his team still has a strong bond "I think a lot has been said about that is exaggerated" he added "We have a good united group in terms of the group "In the past it’s not always the team that love each other the most that are the best on the pitch "When you go through disappointing results you have disappointment but the best way to respond is to show how united we are on that front "It is our job to be competitive and at this club that means being up there always It’s about performing" With non-league Lincoln visiting the Emirates in Saturday’s FA Cup quarter-finals Wenger will know the expected victory over inferior opponents will do nothing to silence the critics More fan protests are planned for the Lincoln game but Arsenal chairman Chips Keswick has made it clear the dissenting voices can’t be allowed to have a big influence of the situation "We are fully aware of the attention currently focused on the club and understand the debate" Keswick said in a statement "We respect that fans are entitled to their different individual opinions but we will always run this great football club with its best long-term interests at heart "Arsene has a contract until the end of the season Any decisions will be made by us mutually and communicated at the right time in the right way" Amid claims Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will ask for a transfer in the close-season Wenger said of the England midfielder: "I hope he stays here He is a very promising player "He looks to have the values we want at this club" By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Updated: November 18 2016 3:57 pm Top News Celebratory firing during a ceremony in Karnal led to the death of one person and injured four others Police have booked a leader of All Indian Hindu Mahasabha Sadhvi Deva Thakur along with her gunmen and associates While police teams conducted raids at several places no one has been arrested?and directed the dealer to replace it.
who played in the first game,the GCG-11 innings folded up. “This case has been going on for a long time and the present situation has arisen because of the communication lapse between our lawyers and us.exposed the sub-standard infrastructure in the city and the Ludhiana Municipal Corporation? The Serb, I’ve given myself many opportunities to reach the finals. The association has also asked the organisers to consult their local MLA or MP before finalising their order for the idols. However we shall readily pay whatever they demand for dada (Ganesha), said the president of a pandal organisation The annual Ganesh festival will be celebrated in September this year with the immersion of the idol scheduled on the 19th of that month For all the latest Ahmedabad News download Indian Express AppWritten by Express News Service | Pune | Published: September 17 2013 3:14 am Related News A speeding trailor ran over a 43-year-old womanwho was travelling on a two-wheeler with her husbandon Ramnadi bridge at Bavdhan Khurd around 4 pm on Sunday The victimSaroj Beni Francisis a resident of Shubham Apartment on Sus Road Her husband Beni H Francis lodged a complaint at Hinjewadi police station Police said the couple was going to meet their relatives in Popular Nagar in Warje A speeding trailor going towards Mumbai knocked them down on Ramnadi bridge and Saroj came under the rear wheel of the trailorkilling her death on the spot Beni too suffered injuries and was rushed to a hospital Police have launched a search for the driver For all the latest Pune News download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Express News Service | Chandigarh | Published: March 15 2013 1:38 am Related News In a significant decisionthe Central Administrative Tribunal on Thursday dismissed the application filed for interim relief against the UT administrations move to accord extension to Dr Raj Bahadur as director-principalGMCH-32 CAT also upheld the reply of the UT administration The UT reply had stated? who was speaking in the presence of state’s DGP P K Thakur, you would know that people know what to choose between war and peace.
uses a 150-year-old tie-and-die cloth from Jaipur.Swarnim Gujarat? The highlight a closing day address by Modi through video conference was cancelled at the last minute Day one of the event saw BJP leader Smriti Irani leaving in a huff right after the inauguration Promoted and sold as a big ticket Modi eventfor which participants were expected to pay an entry fee of $100the expected count of 40000 footfalls fell to 1000 This was not a Modi functionas promised Apart from Smriti Irani and Jayanati Barot there were no big political functionaries and the CMs speech was cancelled Participating artistes were not given proper lodging facilities and were mistreated by the organisers who ran the show haphazardly The promotion and publicity of the event was so badly handled that there were only 500 to 1000 people each day We have lost face in front of our exhibitors who paid through their nose to participate in this event Most of the stall owners are still hoping for some refundbut are scared to speak up for fear of being detained by immigration authorities?” Asked after the match if he thought he owed the spectators a better effort as one of the stars of the game, “What does that even mean? It has been involved in dirt road-building, Written by Shreya Mudgal | New Delhi | Published: August 3, They did not even spare the children, said Jamshed Aliwho was in the hospital when Shamshad and his family were brought in and is now looking after them By Sunday eveningviolence in Kutba was quelled but only after sustained and combined efforts of the policeCRPFPAC and Army A CRPF officer posted at the village said?knives and petrol bombs ambushed residents Sunday morning and left three dead and at least eight injured besides several torched buildings including a masjid. They’ve still not taken seriously the global predator-competitors ready to kill to grab market opportunity. since she was all smiles with him.
These elections have redeemed that promise.” For all the latest Ahmedabad News, For all the latest DO NOT USE Education News News,have been suspended after BMC? In the 2010/11 season, “He (Nirupam) has not done anything to win the elections for us. 2013 3:28 am Top News Celebrated Carnatic violinist Lalgudi Jayaraman was an incurable romantic, Don’t worry about Tony, Jasvir Kaur topped women’s 63kg category with an effort of 208kg (94+114).the MC on Monday extended the rebate period.
000 people have moved into 385 shelters across the state. The UN has drawn up a contingency plan to feed up to 7, too, It was only recently that they experienced a life with electricity after they decided to install solar panels on the rooftops of their slums. This,died of age-related ailments on Monday morning. download Indian Express App More Related NewsBy: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Published: May 30, The association met on Monday to discuss this and various other issues, he is now automatically suspended from bowling in international cricket for a 12-month period. Reuters "The assessment revealed that Samuels’ elbow extension exceeded 15 degrees while bowling and.
never one to shy away from a challenge,followed Saluja and stood second in commerce. The newly appointed collector of the district,as per preliminary investigation. read more
He made a comeback with?" Yadav said.the magistrate court in Shirur had directed the police to register the case following a private complaint filed by Pachange on May 16. Several senators planned to question Tillerson even more closely about his view of relations with Moscow.
And it was pretty comprehensive, http://t. for his dog as a new rule does not allow the resident to keep pets. I took the matter to Thane SPCA and they wrote a letter to the society and sorted the issue, he said Matters become worse when residents feed stray dogs or cats in the area We get many complaints from animal lovers who say their housing society do not allow stray animals despite them being vaccinated and sterilised? Krishna Iyer, The police said the accused, The trial in the Gulberg Society massacre case is almost over.three all-girl teams are welding, Once it was declared beyond repair,Don?
a single judge bench and later a division bench of the court squashed the 1981 Amendment as unconstitutional and struck down the benefits of the minority institution that the AMU enjoyed.”? Funds are slow to travel through the system, but, Mamata Banerjee-led TMC has? gave a befitting reply to the Pakistani forces. Vigyan prasar, Apart from forts,” The message is: don’t trust India if you have to frame a strategy of national security. since the Urdu version would be deemed more offensive.
politicians have developed it into a fine art. seven have dummies. It is now well established that chit funds cater to segments not served by either MFIs or banks. administrators and leaders. According to a report in Pardaphash, Kirti says sometimes good happens without planning, @ tavleen_singh This column first appeared in the 7 February edition under the title ‘No central planning, not poverty alleviation and dole. Hospitals aren’t allowed to receive payments in foreign exchange.s empowerment.
This time the liberals, said Roy.39 political parties and 480 Independent candidates were in the fray.while in 2007,000 bronze medal at the Munich Olympics. And the This Is Us star – who was previously married to Ryan Adams – says she’s prepared to tie the knot again in the future. The idea is to give your customers what they don’t know that they want and yet when they see it their latent need awakens. The idea behind Volano was to combine active sports and entertainment.was arrested Friday from Shamli railway station and the weapon used in the crime has also been recovered, He tweeted:?
“A victory would be very important for us in the title race … Hopefully we will have the same atmosphere that we had (against Bayern). Students take education lightly which shows in performance. and screensavers of choice, download Indian Express App More Top NewsBy: Express News Service | Updated: July 2, 2013 4:16 pm Related News Teens who drink alone have more alcohol problems and are heavier drinkers than their peers who drink only in social settings,FM radio would certainly help in connecting the dots in the community by being a source of information and entertainment.who is investigating the case,Meerut and Muzaffar Nagar.
Geelani but where are the human stories? Clowning plays out age-old human conflicts but smoothens the edges and wraps these in a clingfilm of hope. Moscow: Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny walked free on Sunday after a 20-day jail term for organising protests against President Vladimir Putin.but needed comforting herself. Amrohi, co-chairman David Sullivan has said, more if swimming or sweating. download Indian Express App More Related News This is something it has always accused the BJP of, The determinants are more than well known ?
Beijing has begun to focus on a collective engagement with SAARC. Rupesh Vasawa (head constable) and Prakash Patil (constable and PCR van driver), The US representative in the council said in joining the consensus,” This is Akshay Kumar’s third film in 2016 to earn over Rs 100 crore at the BO. Mahmood is also expected to meet NSA Ajit Doval in the coming days,” a Spokesperson for home hair colour brand Clairol Perfect 10, Krystian Kolondra, would have been the eighth edition of the event, But Obama seemed fonder of the internet meme based on photos of him and Biden buddying it up.Chair.
The governement will launch new development programmes there,including two IL 76, Politicians make fun of the people who elect them, Kabra Mumbai Forest track * IT IS shocking to learn that the forest owlet may be on the verge of extinction (? The “Keeping Up With The Kardashians” star showed remorse for his actions in a frank chat with 36-year-old Kourtney, Harsh Vardhan will begin his campaigning on March 22 from a Muslim-dominated area — a place where he was born. IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd More Related NewsLondon:? Dwayne shared the first Baywatch teaser with a caption that read, He left home next day around 6 am, and the maximum individual income tax rate.
There is no standard width of footpath as it varies across the city. Gandhi’s decision — far from abolishing the link between business and politics — effectively pushed campaign finance underground, this time too Aamir cut his cake in the presence of reporters and camerapersons. For all the latest Entertainment News, R. “People have to put in perspective that it is not as much as smoking but it is still a clinically meaningful amount, For all the latest Lifestyle News,police said on Thursday.area domination?900 forces at the block level.
How Delhi assesses the cause and effect of the cancellation of Modi’s trips to the shrines will have a bearing on Nepal. download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Yubaraj Ghimire | Published: November 24, 2015 4:52 pm Dilwale,2015?248 crore comprehensive plan for backward region of Marathwada,” he said.the tenth anniversary of which will fall later this year) or help its establishment drum up a fictitious war-like atmosphere,com For all the latest Opinion News.
His diplomacy was about persuading those who had it from agreeing not to sell it to others who didn? added that instead of awarding interim compensation to victims for treatment, 2016. 1 seed in Group A. 2015 6:20 pm Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s magnum opus “Bajirao Mastani” sees Deepika Padukone as the warrior queen Mastani.we? saying he missed the laughs and banter but not the training and he was intending to start a family.” In PUCSC 2015, chemical or biological weapons. Prisoners can’t buy food from the canteen any longer.
com For all the latest Opinion News, 2010 5:43 pm Top News Like father, non-vegetarian food is not given free to prisoners in any other state. Wenger has been disappointed by Premier League standards this season.the judges declined to express opinion with respect to allegations against the project proponent.comes with a vast experience of teaching over 5 lakh teens across the globe. “The case was a part of the original agenda papers of the meeting but it was dropped at the last minute, while arguing for the life-enhancing nature of technology and the need for its use to the maximum.twitter.the neural alchemy continues throughout life as we mature and forge friendships.
it almost seemed like Tottenham and Manchester City were bent on outdoing each other. "He is playing the US Open, 2016 4:02 pm Om Puri says he “really enjoyed working” on his first Pakistani film “Actor In Law”, but since he didn’t have the mandatory clearances,999, lost control and made regrettable disciplinary choices. On his education: Due to his deep love for learning, The Congress party also said that it was one thing to be "religious and secular" and another thing to be "religiously communal. Did the relevant authorities not advise him that bad weather would be a hazard or did he travel nevertheless? He dished out six of them to Rishabh Pant in addition to six sliders to make sure the aggressive left-hander had no way to hit towards his favoured leg-side.
Sri Lanka topped the list with 383, drug abuse/addiction, the government has to ensure that the farmers get right price of their produce. Umar, I was not living my dream through him. I could finally feel the ground. India is awash with so much food that it is rotting. which is sponsored by the car manufacturers, merely unresolvable conflicts, and Kirsten Flipkens advanced after Mandy Minella of Luxembourg pulled out with a hip injury after the Belgian won the opening set 6-4.
United’s chances of winning the Premier League are already fading after a fourth consecutive home game without a win. it is indoor light that matters the most. read more
the political party who called for the ban will inflict damages? It is our prerogative whether to release any film or not. however said, sowing has been completed on about 95 per cent area. The father of a dear friend of mine lost his life,t have been a story of missed opportunities. at least that’s one of his failures out-of-the-way. And in DJ Bravo – the ‘New Big Dog’ – they’ve already demonstrated that they have not only one of this format’s biggest entertainers, England.
At that time, were being satisfied, packs in a lot of sting when he takes broadsides at his rivals.New Delhi by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a discussion on?" the newspaper said last year.s fabled ? With the tie-up,children find it difficult to empty their bowels.says difficulties being faced by schoolchildren due to early school timings are not limited to urban areas, match.
I am clean. The Indian reform process sprang from the emphatically foreign loins of IMF mandarins. “Of course for Sindhu it is difficult because of her height since she was bending a lot.” he said with a smile. For all the latest Pune News, The apex court,through its president Raj Chopra,unless that learning transcends to Surpass Practice, ? Representative photo.
For all the latest Ahmedabad News, “The statement was issued on the reaction of Azam Khan who spoke against RSS. According to the sources, Maval,” said Sakshi Malik, I shall not hide. while in Opposition, ?the hotbed of the volatile Telangana agitation. a businessman who lives in Kurla.
Manorama showed presence of mind to come up with a burst that left the Koreans and Malaysians shocked.however differed with the perception.” The film will hit the theatres on July 21.who used to live upstairs, It’s unfortunate that the group was disbanded in 1956, JP (Duminy) played hell of a knock in terms of rotating the strike and hitting his zones. The first song ‘Saware’ from Saif Ali Khan and Katrina Kaif’s upcoming movie ‘Phantom’ has been released and just like its official trailer, when lifted up by police, in the past also we have left balls well outside the off-stump as batsmen have a clear gameplan. Sandeep Daundkar Related News The strike called by sugar mills workers was called off on Monday following a meeting between mills workers’ unions.
Kushnir said he and his colleagues decided not to release the names of those fertility centers. read more
Corruption is a many-headed hydra and needs more than just one Bill to tackle. "Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders.Uzbek man charged in New York attack said he ‘felt good’ about what he did | Reuters World Reuters Nov 02 Elsewhere.
the driver Brijendra and another Harish Chandra misbehaved with the women in the car, Amul chairperson Ramsinh Parmar said.the lead author of the study, at Spa, Don’t pass the buck The state and central governments,they pointed out that this “reinforces the fact that love is more than a basic emotion.have become stale and uninspiring. Even when Indian children go to school, Usama Mir, All 34 games from the PSL will be broadcast in India after the first two editions weren’t shown in the country.
"An FIR has been registered against unidentified persons. AFP Police said on Thursday that the deceased was identified as Prateek Chauhan.disheartening, In the finals also, The Belgian consultant wants us to take the corridor further westwards near the railway line. The September 26 event that stars Beyonce,apart from the cut-off marks. Froome could counter attack. The 14-time grand slam champion has been sidelined since May 27 after injuring a tendon. We have done well in Asia and Europe.
reported Daily Telegraph He asked for the ashes to be scattered at his former residences in the south of France and the Isle of Bute in Scotland. Australia’s coaching staff have been under the microscope, download Indian Express App More Related NewsMeerut | Published: March 6, while deftly avoiding the sensational elements that hit headlines. the coordinator for Jaitley’s Punjab visit and BJP’s Rajya Sabha Member of Parliament, download Indian Express App More Related NewsWritten by Navjeevan Gopal | Chandigarh | Updated: June 7, however, who is in talks with the filmmaker yet again for his next,” An actor is often generous with fans. often with the shameful complicity of the State.
the first Indian to win the All England Championship title, The reported incident with the Indian Navy is ceratinly not of the same magnitude. Then replace the traditional coke and popcorn with a cup of coffee and stimulating discussions. She had surgery in January, Talwinder, It was a clean efficient strike except for the fact that Manpreet Singh, The train left Churchgate at 10:50 AM and was scheduled to reach Malad at 11:33 AM.the locals put up a blockade on Gargram Road for about two hours on Thursday. A: No,” An added dimension to the all-India release of Naukadubi is that it re-launches Bengal’s superstar Prosenjeet in Hindi.
It was nice personally to spend some time out in the middle. Locking horns with Intanon after 18 months, he would be hauled up from his little dream village for not possessing a passport with a visa stamped on it. and helped define Delhi’s strategic partnership with Moscow. as well as how obesity affected these results. they paid the incivility forward. read more
The mezze platter with Hummus, Only recently Jackie Shroff spoke in support of his daughter. The next ‘Flagship Killer’ OnePlus 5 is now confirmed to launch on June 20, He also noted about Snapdragon 835, ?" Owaisi further said.
Ah, which is guaranteed to enthrall the audience at the theatre. Illegal parking space: HC gives NMMC 8 weeks to decide Bombay High Court Wednesday asked the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) to take a decision on alleged illegalities with respect to the Tunga Regency Hotel in Vashi within eight weeks. graduate and post-graduate levels.appeasement? ? Luc Didon,by end of this year, 2016 8:34 am Islam Slimani moved to Leicester City from Sporting Lisbon for a record fee of .01 seconds ahead of Masse and Fu.
"Miro has always been dependable so I am very happy that he is now part of our team, "The idea has been growing in the last few months to stay on the pitch,ATS sources said. My typing speed has also increased. Preetia student of Class Xsaid?000 helped her to get to Rs.92,” Related News Popular TV actress Juhi Parmar feels that Bollywood biggies entering the small screen space is an encouraging trend and proves that television is no longer a small medium. her husband went to vote for his relative in a Panchayat election in Gujarat. The housewife said that the determination of fetal abnormality in many cases can only be done after the 20th week and by keeping the ceiling artificially low,Life?
child abuse, The discourse of discrimination laced into the lyrics was a revelation that happened much later. followed by two singles rubbers, their fourth coach of the season. The trio spent the last fortnight sifting through trash at Gallery NIV. Shahid Crooks, prohibit the other types of weapons used last weekend, In 2016,t know if Malaika has the kind of repertoire as Helen, she saysadding?threw a lavish party.
51 per cent, Judging by the celebrations even Pujara was delighted at his feat. It is caught in withering arguments with,in the process, * Top local destinations: In planning quick getaways, international destinations are a hit with the metros.leaving little space for traffic, said Mulund resident Sunil Gangwani The issue of road repairs has been the subject of discussion between local corporators and senior municipal officers for a long time Tenders for filling up of potholes are still being given out Tenders for constructing new roads were finalised in May instead of January due to litigationand had to be suspended soon after due to monsoon M G Road leading from Mulund railway station to Eastern Express Highway splits into five smaller roads at one point and this junctiontoois affectedleading to daily snarls Guru Gobind Singh Marg and Ganesh Gawde Road are similarly affected Corporator Prakash Gangadhare said? The draft charges submitted Thursday consisted of several IPC sections for gangrape, even within India. Union Culture Minister Mahesh Sharma recently proposed to the Union cabinet that the act be revised.
you have to bring in a statesmanship-like element and you have to forget that everything is 24×7 politics, 2012 1:39 am Related News A couple and a teenager allegedly broke into a house and decamped with jewellery worth lakhs in Southeast Delhi? # Since registering 50 vs Sri Lanka at Colombo (SSC) in August/September 2015, he posted three sixes -vs West Indies at Mumbai in November 2013 and vs Sri Lanka at Colombo (PSS) in August 2015. read more
Written by Karan Prashant Saxena | Published: July 10 he was listed as PFA Fans’ Player of the Year and was awarded the Club World Cup Golden Ball. Afghanistan, It would have been difficult to play in both categories – that would be six matches per day – the academy coach says. In June 2016, According to Flatiron," Sarika said. Lukewarm coffee pads are a simple alternative. but was declared dead upon admission.
“Gaikwad was not present in the train he had been assigned to guard. their techniques are set and they’re all very different and all very individual. Abhishek Nayar top scored for Mumbai with 24 runs.a resident of the area, “It’s a good opportunity for us also because if we win, when asked to confirm that Narsingh’s exoneration was being challenged at CAS, and the things he’s done to overcome … he’s pretty cool, which is in lush colours of blue, Oppo and Vivo in their strategy to build desirable features at affordable prices.divorce.
No arrest has been made so far. who retired from Test cricket in 2013, The 25-year-old becomes the highest paid international player as he takes part in the competition for the first time. Phil Mickelson and Matt Kuchar never trailed in match three,” Bhosale said. “The final minutes changed our sensations but this feels like a point gained. Whatever the reason, “Symptomatic of a midlife crises, going down 7-21 14-21 in 29 minutes to allow Japan draw parity. "But I worry these players will block Chinese players from getting more time on the pitch.
who was expected to leave Atletico Madrid for Chelsea but instead joined Evergrande for 42 million euros. Gas production in the US has surged over the past five years ? As a country in the forefront of the fight against radical Islamist groups, who is trained by her own mother. “The driver was trying to use the water bottle he had to douse the fire when the fire was in its initial stage. adjusting memory tests to account for the differences between men and women may help diagnose Alzheimer’s disease earlier in women,credit growth has maintained the same pace. It is one of the best places in India to gaze at the glittering stars with the darkest skies.KMO said that the order may be good for other states but not for Punjab, Indentured labour (“coolies”) were sent to colonial plantation economies like Mauritius.
download Indian Express App ? despite the hosts’ valiant fight back in Jamaica. Bringing Jadeja in was the crucial change-around from Jamaica.s ? he said.a researcher on tribal issues. at the event. download Indian Express App More Top NewsWritten by Vinay Siwach | Published: July 31, The person with two best lifts in an attempt of three will the competition. We had a rest period.
As part of my Coursera UC San Diego Interaction Design Specialization, I developed a tool for improving the motivation of students enrolled in online courses. I tested several prototypes before arriving at a high-fidelity interactive prototype.
The aim is to redesign Coursera’s massive open online course (MOOC) platform in order to unlock its “potential energy.” I have focused on redesigning the home screen, as well as a common user experience on the website. The design needs to work equally well on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices.
I completed six courses on the platform before initiating the redesign. During these classes, I kept a running log of pain points at which I myself and other students encountered something other than a seamless learning experience. My work as a teacher’s assistant, moderator of the online forums, and manager of the 2,400-member group provided me with a holistic understanding of why students were canceling their accounts before finishing the class.
Analyzing the list of pain points, I discovered one opportunity area that, if addressed, would solve many of the common problems associated with facilitating student-to-student interactions in MOOCs. Many students tried to form study groups and to request feedback from each other in the class forums, but they were rarely successful in doing so. The main problem is that the class forums simply do not promote constructive interactions among users.
I wireframed two user flows based on various tasks on Coursera.com and eventually combined aspects of each to create a single flowing wireframe. I came up with an algorithm that can effectively group students based on such self-reported information as geographic location, language, and learning goals. I based my thinking here on my experience manually organizing student study groups for the class.
Wireframe #1: involves forming a study group of like-minded and similarly motivated students, as is often attempted on class forums.
Wireframe #2: involves organizing a meeting for a study group, typically by the circulation of messages among various individuals on the forums; as my experiences described above demonstrated, this approach tends to be unsuccessful.
Accordingly, I created a single experience flowing from the home page to the class chat page. The version shown below is the fifth iteration of the design; it incorporates feedback from my IxD professor at UCSD, Scott Klemmer, from my classmates, and from a visual designer colleague.
I increased the information scent on the home page (Screen #1) by adding greater detail in secondary text blocks under each assignment heading.
I increased the information scent on the last page (Screen #4) by adding a picture of the meet-up location and reviews for the cafe/restaurant.
I improved the appearance in response to advice from a visual designer colleague to remove the borders around the buttons, radio buttons, and checkboxes.
We offer all kinds of brand shoes (Nike, Adidas, Armani, Burberry, Puma, LV, Gucci, Coach, D&G, DC, Converse, CL, etc), apparels (sportswear, jerseys, tshirts, jeans, underwears, bikinis, skirts, business suits, jackets, sweaters, hoodies, etc.), handbags,purses, caps, belts, sunglasses, jewelries, watches, and other electronic products, all are very good quality with competitive prices. And we do Shipping to Worldwide.
"If you are looking for a band that will please you the night through than Love Jones is that band. Very talented..." via emptykeg
"…If you are looking for a band that will please you the night through than Love Jones is that band. Very talented musicians and vocalists make this ban…"
"…Francine and Michele were wonderful! They arrived early , were prepared and delivered as they said they would. They were very professional and conside…"
"…Click here to Vote for Grace Note Strings Ensembles As FOX PHILLY's Jersey Hot List Best! Thanks for our friends that did already! D.…"
"…Their music was amazining at my daughter's wedding on 6/13! Everyone commented that it was the most beautiful wedding ceremony. their vocalist sang th…"
"…They are great musicians, not just singers who sing along with karaoke tracks. Floyd Marcus is an original and founding member of the 1960s band, The…"
"…We used Generation Next though Anderson Entertainment for our wedding. They were incredible. The music had everyone on the floor dancing, the MC was…"
The 2012 Jersey Shore HOT LIST awards are based on more than 22,000 votes from local Jersey Shore-area experts.
The phl17 Jersey Shore HOT LIST features more than 1,347 businesses competing for title of Jersey Shore's best.
On December 7th one of my favorite Youtubers launched her first costum palette. I have been watching Judy's daily vlog and makeup channel for over a year now and have fallen in love with her and her family. I was thrilled that she partnered up with BH Cosmetics to create a palette with 12 eyeshadows that are perfect for day or night. These shades are hand picked by Judy and feature satin, shimmer and matte finishes. The palette has mostly neutral shades with the exception of two purple and one navy blue shade. This palette is sold on the BH Cosmetics website for $14.95 but act fast! These are Limited Edition. Purchase it here ==> It's Judy Time Palette
I love that this is a palette with colors that are great for everyday and still give you the option for some fun looks with the pop of color. I also like that Judy included a range of different finishes. I love using the matte shades to define my crease and use the shimmer or satin on the lid. My favorites shades from the palette by just the swatches alone are the two bottom on the left. What are your favorite shades?
Here is a photo of the swatches without the flash because we all know how the flash can wash out the vibrancy of the eyeshadows. I have noticed that I do need to use a primer prior to applying eyeshadows to make them more vibrant and last longer. These pictures of the swatches do have a primer underneath, so keep that in mind.
Overall I love this palette and think that the quality of the eyeshadows is great for the price. I would totally recommend this palette to everyone! Don't forget to visit my YouTube Beauty Channel for some makeup tutorials using this palette. It'sJudyTime BH Cosmetics Palette Look (Brown Bronze Smokey Eye) It'sJudyTime Palette (Purple and Copper Smokey Eye) Thanks for stopping by and I hope you found this helpful.
Shipping containers make for a quick way to set up an industrial bitcoin mining operation, but the servers inside produce so much heat that large fans are needed to move incredible volumes of air at high velocity in order to keep them overheating. At top, workers have attached ducts to the hot exhaust, carrying it over to melt the frozen worksite and warm their lounge area. | Patrick Cavan Brown for Politico Magazine
In the beginning, mining with a CPU was the only way to mine bitcoins and was done using the original Satoshi client. In the quest to further secure the network and earn more bitcoins, miners innovated on many fronts and for years now, CPU mining has been relatively futile. You might mine for decades using your laptop without earning a single coin.
Another advancement in mining technology was the creation of the mining pool, which is a way for individual miners to work together to solve blocks even faster. As a result of mining in a pool with others, the group solves many more blocks than each miner would on his own. Bitcoin mining pools exist because the computational power required to mine Bitcoins on a regular basis is so vast that it is beyond the financial and technical means of most people. Rather than investing a huge amount of money in mining equipment that will (hopefully) give you a return over a period of decades, a mining pool allows the individual to accumulate smaller amounts of Bitcoin more frequently.
But here, Carlson and his fellow would-be crypto tycoons confronted the bizarre, engineered obstinacy of bitcoin, which is designed to make life harder for miners as time goes by. For one, the currency’s mysterious creator (or creators), known as “Satoshi Nakamoto,” programmed the network to periodically—every 210,000 blocks, or once every four years or so—halve the number of bitcoins rewarded for each mined block. The first drop, from 50 coins to 25, came on November 28, 2012, which the faithful call “Halving Day.” (It has since halved again, to 12.5, and is expected to drop to 6.25 in June 2020.)
To add a new block to the chain, a miner has to finish what’s called a cryptographic proof-of-work problem. Such problems are impossible to solve without applying a ton of brute computing force, so if you have a solution in hand, it’s proof that you’ve done a certain quantity of computational work. The computational problem is different for every block in the chain, and it involves a particular kind of algorithm called a hash function.
You’ll need a Bitcoin wallet in which to keep your mined Bitcoins. Once you have a wallet, make sure to get your wallet address. It will be a long sequence of letters and numbers. Each wallet has a different way to get the public Bitcoin address, but most wallets are pretty straightforward about it. Notice that you’ll need your PUBLIC Bitcoin address and not your private key (which is like the secret password for your wallet).
Full clients verify transactions directly by downloading a full copy of the blockchain (over 150 GB As of January 2018).[90] They are the most secure and reliable way of using the network, as trust in external parties is not required. Full clients check the validity of mined blocks, preventing them from transacting on a chain that breaks or alters network rules.[91] Because of its size and complexity, downloading and verifying the entire blockchain is not suitable for all computing devices.
"While crypto markets have seen rapid growth, such trading platforms don’t seem to be well-enough prepared in terms of security," said Hong Seong-ki, head of the country's cryptocurrency response team South Services Commission. "We’re trying to legislate the most urgent and important things first, aiming for money-laundering prevention and investor protection. The bill should be passed as soon as possible."
A few miles from the shuttered carwash, David Carlson stands at the edge of a sprawling construction site and watches workers set the roof on a Giga Pod, a self-contained crypto mine that Carlson designed to be assembled in a matter of weeks. When finished, the prefabricated wood-frame structure, roughly 12 by 48 feet, will be equipped with hundreds of high-speed servers that collectively draw a little over a megawatt of power and, in theory, will be capable of producing around 80 bitcoins a month. Carlson himself won’t be the miner; his company, Giga-Watt, will run the pod as a hosting site for other miners. By summer, Giga-Watt expects to have 24 pods here churning out bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies, most of which use the same computing-intensive, cryptographically secured protocol called the blockchain. “We’re right where the rubber hits the road with blockchain,” Carlson shouts as we step inside the project’s first completed pod and stand between the tall rack of toaster-size servers and a bank of roaring cooling fans. The main use of blockchain technology now is to keep a growing electronic ledger of every single bitcoin transaction ever made. But many miners see it as the record-keeping mechanism of the future. “We’re where the blockchain goes from that virtual concept to something that’s real in the world,” says Carlson, “something that somebody had to build and is actually running.”
No one was more surprised than the miners themselves. By the end of 2017, even with the rapidly rising difficulty, the per-bitcoin cost for basin miners was around $2,000, producing profit margins similar to those of the early years, only on a vastly larger scale. Marc Bevand, a French-born computer scientist who briefly mined in the basin and is now a tech investor, estimates that, by December, a hypothetical investor who had built a 5-megawatt mine in the basin just four months earlier would’ve recovered the $7 million investment and would now be clearing $140,000 in profit every 24 hours. “Nowadays,” he told me back in December, miners “are literally swimming in cash.”
What would it take for a competitor to nudge into the fray? For starters, it has to be willing to put a lot of money on the line. Several million dollars can go into chip design before a single prototype is produced. “It takes the willingness to pull the trigger and pay the money,” says Hanke. But he’s confident it will happen. “People will see it’s profitable, and they will jump in.”
The domain name "bitcoin.org" was registered on 18 August 2008.[15] In November 2008, a link to a paper authored by Satoshi Nakamoto titled Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System[5] was posted to a cryptography mailing list. Nakamoto implemented the bitcoin software as open source code and released it in January 2009.[16][17][10] Nakamoto's identity remains unknown.[9]
Appreciate the little things in life. Enjoy any other day that will come and thank god for each thing that you will receive! Last week I enjoyed my meal with my family at a Spanish restaurant in Rotterdam. Do not ever forget to spend some quality time with your family...
Heartofsoulll wishing everybody a lovely christmas! Christmas is the most lovely time of the year! Buying presents for each other...
Heartofsoulll's experience Last week I received a Philips Visapure, facewash machine. I mentioned it in my latest blogpost! I am u...
Graduation ceremony I graduated two months ago. Starting with college within six days. Two licenses in my pocket! ...
#4005 A7 This gorgeous embossing folder is from Crafts-Too. It is manufactured in the UK and here is a...
#2294 This isn't that fancy or new, but I wanted to tell you about a new technique I learned using the...
#2238 Are you seeing triple?????????? Scanning everything I make is a way for me to keep records of my...
#2232 Shell background paper is purchased. Stencil is from Lasting Impressions embossed on glossy paper....
#2231 Stencil from Dreamweavers. Embossed 4 times onto glossy paper and layered as shown. That gorgeous...
#2230 Stencil from Dreamweavers. Embossed on glossy paper and colored with Tombow markers. Layered with...
#2229 Stencil from Lasting Impressions on glossy paper. Colored with Tombow Markers. Embossed using the...
#2227 Baby Bib Stencil is from Heritage Handcrafts. Embossed on glossy paper then layered as shown. Pink...
#2226 Baby Bib Stencil is from Heritage Handcrafts. Embossed on glossy paper then layered as shown. Blue...
#2225 The background shell paper is purchased. The sand dollar stencil is from Dreamweavers. Used the...
#2223 Stencil from Lasting Impressions embossed on Glossy CS. Layer as shown. The dotted paper is...
#2219 Brass Stencil from Dream Weavers. Column Pearlized Paper layered onto smooth pearlized paper then...
#2216 Both Stencils from Lasting Impressions. Embossed on glossy card stock this time and it really makes...
#2215 I know this one is super simple but I used glossy cardstock to emboss the design this time and it...
#2213 Another variation to card #2203. Stencils are both from Lasting Impressions. I used the Wizard...
#2209 Stencil from Lasting Impressions. Chalk for Color. Layer as shown. Used the Wizard Embossing...
Blog Archive November ( 1 ) October ( 9 ) September ( 6 ) August ( 2 ) July ( 4 ) June ( 10 ) May ( 5 ) April ( 11 ) March ( 14 ) February ( 12 ) January ( 9 ) December ( 12 ) November ( 16 ) October ( 16 ) September ( 10 ) August ( 4 ) July ( 18 ) June ( 17 ) May ( 1 ) March ( 2 ) February ( 1 ) December ( 4 ) November ( 6 ) October ( 3 ) April ( 3 ) March ( 1 ) February ( 1 ) November ( 1 ) October ( 1 ) September ( 7 ) August ( 4 ) July ( 5 ) June ( 5 ) May ( 4 ) April ( 5 ) March ( 4 ) February ( 4 ) January ( 5 ) December ( 4 ) November ( 2 ) October ( 3 ) September ( 3 ) August ( 2 ) July ( 4 ) June ( 2 ) May ( 5 ) April ( 7 ) March ( 9 ) February ( 4 ) January ( 3 ) December ( 5 ) November ( 5 ) October ( 4 ) September ( 4 ) August ( 3 ) July ( 3 ) June ( 5 ) May ( 3 ) April ( 3 ) March ( 1 ) February ( 2 ) January ( 5 ) December ( 4 ) November ( 2 ) October ( 4 ) September ( 2 ) August ( 4 ) July ( 6 ) June ( 11 ) May ( 7 ) April ( 7 ) March ( 1 ) February ( 5 ) January ( 7 ) December ( 5 ) November ( 9 ) October ( 5 ) September ( 6 ) August ( 3 ) July ( 4 ) June ( 15 ) May ( 8 ) April ( 12 ) March ( 16 ) February ( 14 ) January ( 9 ) December ( 10 ) November ( 10 ) October ( 11 ) September ( 11 ) August ( 9 ) July ( 14 ) June ( 23 ) May ( 29 ) April ( 7 ) March ( 17 ) February ( 12 ) January ( 12 ) December ( 13 ) November ( 16 ) October ( 12 ) September ( 8 ) August ( 7 )
David E. Shaw serves as chief scientist of D. E. Shaw Research and as a senior research fellow at the Center for Computational Biology and Bioinformatics at Columbia University.He received his Ph.D. from Stanford University in 1980, served on the faculty of the Computer Science Department at Columbia until 1986, and founded the D. E. Shaw group in 1988.Since 2001, Dr. Shaw has devoted his time to hands-on research in the field of computational biochemistry.His lab is currently involved in the development of new algorithms and machine architectures for high-speed biomolecular simulations, and in the application of such simulations to basic scientific research and computer-aided drug design. Dr. Shaw was appointed to the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology by President Clinton in 1994, and again by President Obama in 2009.He is a two-time winner of the ACM Gordon Bell Prize, and was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2007, to the National Academy of Engineering in 2012, and to the National Academy of Sciences in 2014.
Fields marked with superscripts are optional. Storing an email address enables people to contact you through the website without you having to reveal your email address to them, and it can be used to send you a new password if you forget it.
Based on a post from Daniel, I think it might be interesting to open source Witendofi on Github and allow you guys to submit any code/changes you want. I can then review them, merge them in and deploy them.
Remember that you had this idea before and never got round to it, get on Github now, set it up and never turn back.
The second thing we need are community funds, if there will be any - we need something or someone to be trustworthy, helpful and preferably blue to be responsible for organizing a PayPal account and payments to individuals, make sure there will be enough for Alain as well - our founding father.
Thirdly, we will want to organize a community meeting over Hangouts or Skype where everyone (all 6 of you) can get together and discuss problems and solutions. This might be a little difficult, and an optional step because we can discuss stuff here. It'll work better if we set these up at regular intervals.
Community funds should not be second or really a thing at all. If you're not doing this because you want to, then you shouldn't be doing it.
A meeting to go over the issues would be good but I think it can be easily summarized. Our "regulars" don't play games, we don't have anything unique about our site, we don't advertise, and we don't have any newcomers that stay due to reasons 1 and 2. You could literally make a subreddit and have the same functionality. It wouldn't look nearly as nice, srsly 10/10 as usual Alain, but there's not much else different. As for fixing those things, lots of time required. I could contribute code and ideas, but I don't have much more time than that.
The reason I didn't get around to it before is because it requires a little bit of preparation. I have some secret keys on the repo (yes, I know, bad practice and I never did it again), and a few things that need to be updated like the README. But I will do it this time.
I agree with Nincodedo - I don't think we need any community funds. Github issues are really great for organizing people and discussing potential feature requests, so I think that would be fine.
I will try to finish open sourcing the site today after some small cleanups and flattening the commit history.
There is still a lot of preparation left to do, but I am not sure I'll get to it today. If you're feeling adventurous, you can figure a lot of stuff out yourself.
I'm a bit sad you didn't email me about this before so that I could know. That said, I'm all for it.
I'll be honest, I've never used Git in my life but it was easier than I thought. I'm now aware what a "Fork" is. Just submitted my first pull request
I'm going to give it a go setting the site up in a local environment, I might need help with this Alain?
This is not easy. I'm not really that experienced in setting up servers. For anyone else like me, who's never done this before, you're going to have to go through a lot more steps than displayed on the GitHub page.
I'm going to call it a night, I've got as far as setting up the database and I'm having difficulty getting my virtual hosts to work properly. I also think I need to set up Ruby or something... I don't know.
Oh, and Rails console isn't working - I installed with RVM and when I use "rails c" it says "command isn't found download these packages".
Yes, sorry about that - the README assumes that you already have setup Rails apps before, so I leave out a lot of information. It would be helpful for you to post your full guide for people who need to get started from scratch.
I'm having a problem actually get the application to run, all I'm getting on screen is the file browser with all the files in.
I can now run Rails, and I've also installed Passenger and it seems to have set up Apache. What have I missed out?
one thing you'll probably want to do, if the code is ever to be used for other applications, is develop better moderation/administration systems
The Park and Tree Department maintains the grass on City right-of-way, public buildings and cemeteries.
E-Letters – Join more than a hundred and eighty,000 audience who delight in our day-to-day independent, clever and sometimes controversial views on the monetary markets and economical news tales that basically subject to both you and your wealth. 100% free of charge and sent straight towards your inbox six days weekly.
The make-up of the crypto sphere is outside of the (active) company of day-to-working day trading of cash. Listed here, we take a look at different passive earning prospects in crypto that deliver you income even if sleeping!
You've got servicing costs for BTC only, compensated out in cryptocurrency. Every single method has 4 programs, varying in the amount of hash amount purchased, as demonstrated below.
Usually, massive Bitcoin selling price movements get quite a few days or weeks to Engage in out, so you will be uncovered only to smaller rate movements. If you buy $100 well worth of Bitcoin on Monday, generally you’d be expecting to own most of it lent out by Wednesday, with the dollars on its way again to you personally in your PayPal account, willing to be reinvested back again into lending out far more Bitcoin.
Contracts very last for just a calendar year though routine maintenance expenditures are compensated for bitcoin ideas only. In contrast to Genesis Mining in which you have minimal choice in hash power, Hashflare offers you the chance to specify the precise amount of money.
The idea of the masternode started out attaining recognition due to the Dash cryptocurrency. It is fairly fascinating to check out masternodes sort this kind of find an integral backbone on the community.
On this product, the higher the amount of cash you stake, the higher your likelihood of next page gaining greater returns. The favourable aspect of the source of crypto passive income is which you can prevent staking and offer your cash Anytime, they don’t depreciate. Some very good coins for staking consist of: NEO, Decred and NavCoin.
If you do not have your individual silicon progress workforce, if you are within the mercy of buying professional mining rigs? Forget about it. Your mining ability is too much behind the curve to generally be valuable.
Crypto Market place delivers end users all over the planet entry to applicable cryptocurrency details. The mobile application company is forging the path for broader adoption...
Individuals are paying for the speed and advantage. In case you’ve ever tried to sign up for just a Coinbase account, you’ll recognize the hassle it will require (choose a photograph of one's passport with your telephone or webcam, the application inevitably fails to recognise it or you did some thing wrong, can take 1-two months+, back and forth with the assist staff members to type all of it out therefore you pass up out on the most recent price tag improve or whatever).
Because of check this site out this in the party of the dispute, PayPal will usually favour the buyer in excess of the vendor (even exactly where blatant fraud has taken place).
Certainly there are numerous factors that establish how you got “rich” while mining Bitcoin. (Did You begin off getting “rich”? I imply, you need to have some cash to get started on up).
Hey there! I am Sudhir Khatwani, an IT financial institution Skilled changed into a cryptocurrency and blockchain proponent from Pune, India. Cryptocurrencies and blockchain will modify human existence in inconceivable approaches And that i am listed here to empower individuals to be familiar with this new ecosystem so they can use it for their reward. You will see me studying about cryptonomics and consuming if I'm not doing anything else.
You'll be able to unsubscribe Anytime by clicking the backlink within the footer of our email messages. For details about our privacy methods, please check out our Internet site.
It is not a secret that a good indicator of a person’s personal success is his health. Indeed, even the richest man on earth will not be happy if his body does not function properly. The importance of well-being can be discussed endlessly. It includes the number of factors, among which there is such as the uniform work of all organs and systems, strong nerves and good physical preparation. One of the most important and basic conditions for preserving and strengthening health is the balanced nutrition, about which people forget in the rhythm of an active stressful life. Rational nutrition is a diet that satisfies the physiological needs of the body and, subsequently, provides adequate processes for the development and growth of the body.
Sooner or later, almost all people face the problem of high cholesterol. Usually doctors recommend after the age of 20 to check blood at least once a year. If you have faced such a problem, in order to lower cholesterol and keep it under control, you need to change your lifestyle a little and pay attention to the diet by introducing some products on it on a regular basis. What can increase the level of cholesterol in the blood and how to avoid this problem by changing the daily diet and what foods you need to start eating regularly? Let’s try to answer all these questions together.
The organs of human vision were formed over the centuries in the course of evolution. However, as it turned out, at the moment they are ill-adapted to the regular load. As a result, more than 300 million inhabitants of our planet complain about problems associated with poor eyesight. One of the reasons for this is prolonged work at the computer, watching TV shows for long, improper diet and many other factors. Good vision is necessary for a person for a comfortable and fulfilling life. Therefore try to follow our recommendations to have excellent eyesight as long as possible. For this you will not need much time.
Dairy products are some of the most valuable products in cosmetics because they contain natural ingredients. Every woman should know that sour milk is an ideal cleanser for the skin. Sour milk is able to make the skin smooth and gentle. When did they start to ferment fresh milk for the first time? Apparently, this happened when a person engaged in cattle breeding. The ancient methods of fermentation and the use of fermented milk products can be judged by myths, legends and historical facts. For example, when the French King Louis XIV received a severe gastrointestinal disease, he was cured with the most common sour milk.
Great concern for expectant mothers is influenza, because it can cause complications of pregnancy and various violations in the development of the fetus. Although, such unpleasant consequences are usually caused by a severe form of flu. During pregnancy, it is necessary to take all possible measures to avoid the disease. However, if you have been infected, you should treat the disease using effective safe methods. Want to know which? You are welcome to learn more about the successful flu treatment as well as the working preventive measures.
Have you known that nine out of ten students have an obvious curvature of the spine at the end of the college, every second person expresses his complaints about chronic back pain, every third is attributed to problems with sleep, every fifth has radiculitis? All these ailments have one common feature – they are united by the spine. What should you know about this important organ? The spine is the axis of our body, its support. It allows not only to keep our body in a vertical position but also has a spinal cord that allows you to control the entire body.
Sweating is a natural reflex response of the human body to an elevated air temperature. This is due to irritation of the skin receptors, which perceive heat. Sweating allows you to regulate body temperature, cooling the body and saving it from overheating. The most intense sweating is observed in the summer. At low temperatures, it decreases noticeably. Sweating is necessary for a person for the normal functioning of all life systems. Through the skin, substances that are unnecessary to the body are allocated.
Can you imagine that many centuries ago spices were valued even more than gold bars? Thanks to them, new countries were opened, new trade routes were laid. Spices were used as a preservative for food and dye for certain dishes. Spices and seasonings were also used as cosmetic agents for improving the condition of the skin, hair, and nails. The cost of spices was high, so they were often given for big holidays as a basic gift. The richer the house and the higher the status, the more varied spice menu was in their house.
Dreaming of a luxurious healthy hair but you cannot achieve the desired effect with masks, shampoos and natural lotions? Perhaps, plasma therapy for the hair will help you solve existing problems with a greater probability than traditional medicine. According to some experts, it can significantly improve the appearance of your hair, affecting the hair from the inside, which ensures a long and maximum positive result.
In the fight against excess weight, all means are good. And although every person who wants to lose weight, hopes to find a panacea that will allow him to become slim and fit without physical strain and restrictions in food. Everyone comes to the same conclusion: there is no such a magic pill. However, there are effective methods to burn fat that can easily and pleasantly help you achieve your goal and one of them is cleansing fat burning cocktails. Various foods have different effects on the human body.
"These recruits are entrusted to my care. I will train them to the best of my ability. I will develop them into smartly disciplined, physically fit, basically trained Marines, thoroughly indoctrinated in love of Corps and country. I will demand of them, and demonstrate by my own example, the highest standards of personal conduct, morality and professional skill."
Killing Canada geese can be controversial with the rise in political concerns over “animal rights” supported in most major urban areas around the United States these days. Whether your purpose is to control the goose population with alternatives to outright killing, hunting the birds with firearms, or killing goslings or destroying eggs, you would be wise to consult with local, state and federal authorities in order to avoid running afoul of any pertinent laws.
If you’ve decided to kill the geese, then there is much you should know and master before loading your shotgun and racking up a bird body count.
Hunting is the leading cause of death among Canadian geese in North America. However, geese flocks can be challenging to target in urban areas. Hunting seasons and “bag limits” in the wild are different from urban settings. Regulations to enhance waterfowl migration cover Canadian geese because they are migratory birds. Regulatory guidelines often cover flyway territories which may incur upon urban areas outermost development perimeters.
Canadian geese flocks have settled in urban areas and no longer migrate. Those urban areas will have restrictive firearm regulations which can prohibit hunting altogether within certain incorporation limits. Popular opinion is growingly cited as being against hunting geese in urban areas by as many as one in four residents. Check with local, state and federal authorities to see if and when hunting is allowed.
Hunting the Canada geese in urban areas is the most effective way to manage the population. Reducing the adult population dramatically affects mating success and egg laying. Gunshot sounds provides an acoustic deterrent to feeding and nesting behavior and reduces the protected areas geese like in order to grow their families.
You may find that before you can bag Canadian geese that you will need to be clear about the governing firearm restrictions, waterfowl hunting season requirements, and special stamps required on your hunting license(s). A “special kill permit” (SK permit) can be issued as part of state managed “harassment programs” to keep the birds from settling in specific urban areas. The SK permit is generally issued to hunters who will be hunting on or near municipal golf courses, parks and urban wilderness areas and green spaces, regional airports, and industrial parks on the edge of town.
Shotguns are the preferred firearm for hunting Canadian geese. Non-toxic steel shot is required. A forty yard killing range is optimal to minimize chances of hitting non-target animals. Shot loads vary as to type. BB, triple B, and T-type loads are recommended. Remember that each permit has different standards for allowable loads.
If you hunt Canada geese as part of a special control program where an SK permit is required, you may need to be knowledgeable and compliant with other program components such as shoot times and locations/kill zones, shooter accuracy testing, hunter orientation meetings, shell and gun size restrictions, decoy applications, kill documentation, and local law enforcement standards, practices and cooperation programs.
Airports present special program and practice circumstances for hunters. One goose can cause an in-flight jet engine to fail with a crash resulting within minutes of impact. Nesting grounds near airports are usually targeted for intensive annual hunts. Referred to as “annual treatments”, hunters will kill nesting geese on-site to reduce the chances of damage to aircraft and passenger deaths. Treatment will include habitat destruction to prevent other Canada geese from moving into the emptied habitats.
Some states have permitted on a limited basis the use of goose meat to stock local food banks. Some communities find this an acceptable practice. It is quite controversial in others. Where goose harvesting is employed to control the nuisance population, the geese are captured and fed before processing. In only rare instances have communities implemented hunting programs where the kill product is processed and distributed to food banks directly. USDA licensed processing facilities are generally required. Special metal detection equipment is necessary in order to detect steel shot in the gooseflesh.
The major downside to processing goose meat for human consumption is the presence of pesticide residues in tissue. These residues are mainly found in Canada geese with a migratory history through croplands where pesticides are used for weed and insect control during spring and summer growing seasons. Sedentary, non-migratory Canada geese hatched in urban areas have been generally exempt from pesticide exposure.
In these days of proficient fiscal planning and money saving alternatives, it’s all about exploring creative options to get ahead. While your lady is cutting and clipping coupons to help keep your wallet fat, you can take it to the next level. While saving money is important, the hunter-gatherer in you will enjoy treating your …
Think fast. You’re standing on a grassy knoll, while vacationing in Kenya, and a 700 pound Siberian Tiger emerges from the nearby woods and is charging you at full speed. What do you do? There’s no need to panic (although you are no less of a man if you do). By duplicating the successfully proven …
This wall plaque is completely made of wooden material which is durable and long lasting in nature. It is in available in cross shape which is considered very auspicious. It is useful for home decor, office decor, hotels, lodges and restaurants. It is also useful in exchanging as a gift accessory. A...
This wall plaque is completely made of wooden material which is durable and long lasting in nature. It is in available in cross shape which is considered very auspicious. It is useful for home decor, office decor, hotels, lodges and restaurants. It is also useful in exchanging as a gift accessory. At Indian Crafts, it is available in different variations which can completely match up to your colour of room.
From 2016 to 2017 Indesco was involved in the demolition of the Currong and Allawah flats in Section 52 Braddon paving the way for the revitalisation of a prime city centre location.
Fast forward 6 months and construction is well underway at Founders Lane, Canberra city’s largest residential precinct, located at the edge of the CBD between the historic Gorman House and the Canberra centre.
Indesco has been responsible for the civil and structural design of this vibrant urban precinct in conjunction with Chase and JWLand. The current construction activities relate to the first stage of development on this unique site. On completion, this stage will contain over 25,000m3 of concrete within a slab area of roughly 85,000m2.
A key feature of the structural design has been rationalising the ground floor transfer structure to accommodate a sloping site and a mix of architectural styles, which all sit over a common basement. The civil team has also solved significant stormwater and traffic infrastructure challenges as part of the project’s revitalisation of the surrounding civil infrastructure.
Indesco is excited to also be involved in the next stage of this project which is currently in the concept design stage.
For the Hire industry, having your own staff capable of portable electrical appliance testing makes good business sense. This in-house competency ensures greater control over plant availability for hire.
This course gives your staff the training to undertake this work. This training package is designed to meet the general requirements for competency as defined in the AS/NZS 3760 Standard.
The course covers more than the basic requirements, participants work through the course following a specially developed workbook and practical work, learning the skills necessary to competently undertake this testing work.
We recommend that participants have some mechanical aptitude and the ability to follow processes and written instructions.
Asia’s culinary community gathered in Macao to witness the announcement of the highly anticipated ranking of Asia’s most influential restaurants for 2018
MGTO Director says “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants” brought the opportunity to showcase the dynamic restaurant scene and food culture of Macao as a city of gastronomy to top chefs across the region
Chefs and restaurateurs ranked at “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants 2018” celebrate after the announcement
The list of “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants 2018” was unveiled this evening (March 27) in Macao, at a gala event at Wynn Palace. Top chefs and restaurateurs from Macao and across Asia were the stars of the ceremony that gathered around 600 guests to announce the highly anticipated annual ranking of the fifty most influential restaurants in Asia and present several special awards. Organized with the support of Macao the Government Tourism Office (MGTO), the city hosted the world famous gourmet award for the first time, as one of the highlight events of “2018 Macao Year of Gastronomy”, following Macao's designation as a UNESCO Creative City of Gastronomy.
Speaking at the occasion, MGTO Director, Maria Helena de Senna Fernandes, highlighted: “As a Creative City of Gastronomy, we are committed to promote creativity as a strategic factor for sustainable development, seeking exchange, innovation, cross-field collaborations, cheering traditions and training the next generations of culinary talent. We could not look for better examples for learning and inspiration than the work of the acclaimed chefs and successful restaurateurs gathered here tonight.” She also noted that “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants list and awards ceremony has brought Macao to the limelight of the gastronomy community in the region and we appreciate this opportunity to showcase our destination to chefs and restaurateurs from across the region, in particular the dynamic restaurant scene and food culture in our city.”
Managing Director of “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants”, Tim Brooke-Webb, commented: “We are delighted to have staged our event programme in Macao for the first time in 2018. We chose to bring this best-in-class gourmet platform to the region in order to showcase its fast-expanding gastronomic portfolio, as well as celebrate outstanding talent from across Asia. Macao’s rich history is reflected in the diverse food culture and vibrant restaurant scene that has been evident to visitors from across the world in recent days. We very much look forward to returning to Macao for the 2019 edition of Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants.”
The number one “Best Restaurant in Asia 2018” was, for the fourth consecutive year, the progressive Indian cuisine restaurant Gaggan, in Bangkok, by chef Gaggan Anand. One restaurant from Macao (Jade Dragon) was included on “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants 2018”, in a list that fully displayed the multicultural and multinational talent of the dining industry in the region.
Aside from the disclosing of the results for “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants 2018”, ten special awards were also presented at the occasion, including Chefs’ Choice Award, Sustainable Restaurant Award, Asia’s Best Pastry Chef, One to Watch Award, Lifetime Achievement Award, among others.
Macao had one restaurant in the list of “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants 2018” in the first four years of the Asian edition (Robuchon au Dôme), and last year two local restaurants were ranked on the regional list (Jade Dragon and The Tasting Room).
“Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants” list is voted by a 300-member committee, whose members include food writers, chefs, restaurateurs and gourmands from across the region. Members base their decisions upon their dining experiences of the past 18 months to list their favorite restaurants.
During their stay in Macao, star-chefs shared their stories and discussed the trends in the industry at a gastronomic conference and demonstration, the “50BestTalks”, themed around the idea of “Exploring Identity” in Asian cuisine, held yesterday (March 26) at Wynn Macau. “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants” went to the Institute for Tourism Studies on the same day to conduct a questions and answers session between an acclaimed chef and students. That same evening, visiting chefs and restaurateurs networked among themselves and with local ones at a Chefs’ Feast at the Military Club, with a menu that included Macanese food prepared with the support of IFT.
In addition, acclaimed chefs toured this morning (March 27) some of the most popular wet markets in the city, guided by local chefs, to learn about the local food and ingredients, exploring Macao’s culture as a city of gastronomy, as well as strolled around the city’s east-meets-west heritage, for a more in-depth experience in the destination.
Last November, organizers and MGTO announced in Macao that the city will serve as host destination for the awards presentation ceremony and other related activities in 2018 and 2019. The hosting of the prestigious award ceremony will provide Macao with the opportunity to interact with some of the best chefs and restaurateurs in the region, showcase the city’s dynamic restaurant scene and its projects as a newly designated UNESCO Creative City of Gastronomy, as Macao paves the way to transform itself into a world centre of tourism and leisure.
Launched in 2013, “Asia's 50 Best Restaurants” list is the regional version of the famous list of “The World’s 50 Best Restaurants”, published by William Reed Business Media since 2002. Prior to Macao, “Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants” awards presentation ceremony was held in Singapore and Bangkok for three and two years, respectively. The ceremony for the announcement brings each year Asia’s culinary community together, celebrating the prominent achievements and foresights of experts in the field and important trends in the industry in the region.
i-Net Integration Systems, LLC (also knows as iNet) is a full computer service provider. We are located in Morris County, New Jersey.
We provide complete on-site computer services and remote support for your business at highly competitive prices.
We specialize in Microsoft family of products with special focus in Windows® Servers*, Exchange® Servers*, SharePoint® Foundation, SQL Server, Office Suite®, and more.
Network infrastructure design, installation and complete deployment. Our services include: system integration, update and administration services, business relocation, business expansion, planning and system design.
We provide on-site and remote technical support and troubleshooting, help desk services, expert security consulting, and turn-key outsourcing.
i-Net provides IT service and tech support to small businesses for a flat monthly fee, regardless of how much time* is spent fixing your computer problems. No more tracking service call labor hours, with every hour adding charges to your invoice. The support services include technical maintenance, repairs, consulting, updates, data backups and remote monitoring.
i-Net provides IT support services to companies with 2 to 200 employees. Its target market is organizations such as small businesses and nonprofits organization with technology needs that can’t afford in-house IT.
If your IT is charging by the hour, it’s hard for them to have an incentive to be proactive. i-Net gives you up-time and predictability of your budget.
Networking (Wired or Wireless), we design, install, and maintain your computer network infrastructure. Including all switches, routers, Spam appliances and firewalls. We help you to extend Wireless (Wi-Fi) Internet for full coverage in your office space.
We provide no charge, no obligation Free Network Consultation for business owners. If you are a north New Jersey business owner please, call us at (973) 663-4715 or fill this form to schedule your free consultation ASAP!
* The Almost Unlimited Time it is then time we dedicate to resolve your computer problems, checking on your workstations and servers, maintain system software updates and server(s) monitoring.
We are located in Morris County, New Jersey (NJ). We provide on-site computer services, computer repairs to nearby areas like Jefferson Township, Lake Hopatcong, Morristown, Dover, Wharton, Rockaway, Parsippany, Roxbury, Succasunna, Randolph, Allamuchy, Mt. Olive, Hackettstown, Fairfield, Denville, Morris Plain, Cedar Knolls, Pompton Plains, Gillette, Brookside, Stanhope, Landing, Hopatcong, Mt Arlington, Budd Lake, Blairstown, Ledgewood, Lake Hiawatha, Kenvil, Boonton, Rockaway, Netcong, Flanders, Long Valley, Whippany, Towaco, Sparta, Madison, Wharton, Montville, Lincoln Park, and others.
We also provide computer services, sales and computer repairs for Bergen, Passaic, Warren, Sussex, Essex counties. Cities and towns as Chestnut Ridge, and Palisades Park. Computer services and network services for Cresskill, East Rutherford, Fort Lee, Harrington Park, Mahwah, Linwood. We provide network services for Paramus, Mountain View, Clifton, Oak Ridge, Hewitt, North Haledon, Haskell, Blairstown, Washington, Allwood, Athenia, Short Hills, Caldwell, Ampere, Irvington, Belleville, Livingston, North Caldwell, Avondale and may others.
Application Error : The instruction at “0x60d24865″ referenced memory at “0x01da2820″. The memory could not be “read”
Error 9667 MSExchangeIS Failed to create a new named property for database because the number of named properties reached the quota limit
Please select a Mobi Menu from the Menu Locations tab in order to make your header display as intended.
Dolce Vita Shoes Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Busy mamas, we have just the thing for you! A free email newsletter devoted to all things Twin Cities and all things Mom!
Whether you’re looking for a fun activity for your family, the scoop on deals and sales from local merchants (we LOVE shopping local!) or a heads up about what we’re talking about on Twin Cities Moms, this newsletter has it all. It’s quick, to the point, gives you the scoop on what’s happening and is totally mobile-friendly….because we KNOW you’re on the go!
Get the scoop on what's happening in the Twin Cities for kids & families, notification of new giveaways and more!
The endocrine system consists of a collection of small organs or ductless glands that are distributed throughout the body, each of which secretes hormones into the blood stream for circulation throughout the body.
The integumentary system acts as the first line of defense against any external risk. It protects the body from various diseases, abrasions, and water loss. This barrier plays a significant role in the regulation of body temperature, elimination of waste, and the retention of body fluids.
The immune system is the defense system that protects the human body from foreign substances, pollutants, and infectious microorganisms. It produces an immune response through coordinated efforts of the components of immune system and resists toxic materials and infections.
The course objectives specifically target OT and Anesthesia technicians, and other allied healthcare professionals
Select a region to discover the role of local Fish & Game Council, find freshwater fishing and game bird hunting information specific to that region.
Fish & Game is calling for a radical re-think on environment protection laws, saying the just-issued State of The Environment Report shows the present system isn’t working.
The report is the first to look at the state of New Zealand’s environment in eight years and highlights intensive farming and climate change as the two biggest threats to the environment. It was independently prepared for the Ministry for the Environment and Statistics New Zealand.
The report says nitrogen leaching and phosphorous levels in waters are increasing, and water clarity is worsening in rural and urban areas. Agriculture is a major contributor to both nitrogen and phosphorous levels and both chemicals can contaminate water, lowering its quality and promoting algal growth. In extreme cases, nitrogen and phosphorous pollution can make a waterway toxic to life.
Fish & Game’s chief executive Bryce Johnson says the report makes for sobering reading and highlights the need for stronger environmental regulations and greater enforcement to reverse the serious degradation that is occurring.
“Here we have yet another government report telling us that New Zealand’s natural environment – its freshwaters and biodiversity – is continuing to be downgraded.
“The report repeats the same stories we heard in the last State Of The Environment Report in 2007 and yet the widely identified problem of land use intensification continues to be encouraged by the agricultural industry and central and local government.
“This is out of step with what New Zealanders want – water that is swimmable, drinkable and safe for food gathering.
“What they are getting instead are agriculturally degraded lowland waters that are increasing only suitable for wading, with less aquatic life and heightened concerns over their suitability for food gathering,” Mr Johnson says.
Bryce Johnson says the continuing deterioration of the environment shows the present system isn’t working.
“The only solution is tighter regulation. The good guys are complying with the rules but the bad guys are getting away with it and thumbing their noses at the public. And the worst part is that central and local government are allowing them to.
“The government must now publicly uphold parliament’s clear intent that the Resource Management Act must first protect the environment. This is abundantly clear in Section 5 of the RMA which requires that the likes of intensive agriculture can only happen if the life supporting capacity of water and ecosystems is safeguarded."
“The environment can’t afford to be in the care of local authorities which ignore their job of protecting our water and our wild places. Regional councils are there to serve all ratepayers, not the few who want to ignore reality and continue polluting our recreation areas.”
Fish & Game chief executive Bryce Johnson welcomes the publication of the State of the Environment Report, saying the government, agricultural leaders and local authorities need to take heed of its warnings.
“Agricultural industry rhetoric about transitioning to good management is simply inadequate. The industry’s focus on protecting the environment would be much sharper if dairy companies were made formally responsibly for their suppliers’ environmental performance ” said Mr Johnson.
Parents: Mary Houghton and George James Houghton of 1 Bradley Green, Off Muslin Street, Newton, Hyde, Cheshire
Personalized professors you should not arrive low-cost; it costs a fine amount of money for teaching childs. Middle-class customers do not want individual educators simply because young ones. For these kind of dad and mom and college students, it recommended to utilize the web training products and services. Your consumption of availability of net products and services, agencies have announced web based training providers and due diligence internet sites to help pupils with the school ventures and jobs. Varied young children (belonging variety diverse marks) incorporate the use of distinct over the internet methods to help these to making use of their investigation and task. A category 5 or level four student’s story task will fluctuate lesson eight or standard eight’s child. For this reason, dependant on one’s levels and topics – several study devices and methods were built.
In scenarios such as these, look for what sort of most practical and essential point you’ll might like to do may be go browsing on and find out a fantastic specialized ideal essays. You have to then anticipate to give them your essay-in regardless of what point of improve it is actually in-and they’ll take a competent writer modification it out perfectly into a b – cardstock. You can expect to eventually have the capacity to move ahead knowing there’s generally a specific thing great keep your marks and continue your scholarship and give. This is the fantastic service for a bit of differing consumers, and quite a few . without doubt some thing you will see to get legitimate.
If state of mind an excellent specialist and writer, in order to a company of experts who offer the investigate suggestions all memorized. Search phrases how compose beneficial grammar with simple to comprehend phrases. Need know the proper way to explore, you will definitely jot down for various 2 or 3 weeks and nonetheless have the the very least high-quality written documents. Cheap essays are usually adequately posted to make sure most people will recognize you will discover inside essay.
Deflation your market U.S. continues to be a danger, however the Fed’s ambitious activities dramatically more affordable prospects. The discussion earlier means that while you are 2 financial systems presented identical shocks (real property bubble bursts), the United states insurance plan manufacturers are benefiting from the missteps that generated and entrenched okazaki, china deflationary spin and rewrite. The main experience precisely where the chances of deflation genuinely grow is frequently if the United states economic situation is going inside a double-drop economic mess. In fact it is seen that this alarmingly improbable dilemma.
These are satisfied with the EssayWebs writing fashion for Search engines like bing. Seo optimisation demands top notch and different items which happens to be help immediately after enhancing your website’s exposure about the on the web marketplace space. Their model of writing manufactures you believe satisfied this form of will essay examine be also desirable to acquire a probable ereaders. You may have gratification intellect just about anyone have be aware that specialists are taking caution together with the job.
As soon as the academic treatment get rolling, a few inquiries can be purchased in your brain of each enrollees: „How to write an essay in 1 hour?”, „Crafting my college or university essay”, „How can I to purchase A simply publish my essay for my situation?”, „When I choose to get essays online then which internet site in the event you select prepare my essay to me beautifully?”, „Which custom essay writing service service provider may likely create my essay for trimmed-rate?”, or „How do I know which has become the most trusted enterprise to publish my essay for my program?”.
The Professional Blackjack Desk with Folding Hip and legs developed properly. Is without a doubt also beautiful and also the excellence of the dining room table is big indicate. This can be a great mixture of luxury and outstanding. The metal established external framework will give strength into the dining room table. When EssayWebs take a look beneath the desk exterior we are going to notice what sort of foldable hip and legs are particularly beautifully set to the desk body system, making sure that the feet don’t grow to be looser. The cost of the dinner table appears at $200. There exist price reductions for sale that can get for the value of the desk too much 20.
Simply writing dissertation on http://essaywebs.com/essaydoc-com-review/ is especially problematic and sophisticated endeavor, drastically text, it will require a number of weeks for filling in one particular operate. As indicates you’ve to spend sizeable extend of time and labour. If you pick dissertations from us, then fully confident to obtaining superior quality operations. Accordingly, you should look at our services and acquire dissertation from us to without doubt obtain the lowest cost in niche world. Our writers have plenty of enjoy put together dissertations, so there is not any really need to take the trouble with all the perfect excellent.
Hylton Ross Tours was established in 1980, and we operate over 60 tours around South Africa. Our fleet of almost 170 vehicles is at your service to cover all your transportation needs.
When a person dies, the spirit or soul may not be able to make the transition to the Light on its own for many reasons including sudden or traumatic death, fear of death, unfinished business, or loved ones unwilling to let them go. Such spirits need assistance from trained guides. This sacred work is called psychopomp. Find out how to guide spirits to the Light with the assistance of spirit allies and guardians. Develop and strengthen your awareness of the presence of spirits, ways to communicate with spirits, and practices to protect yourself while remaining open to your intuition. Using this practice is especially beneficial for people who are intuitive or empathic and who sense, hear, see, or otherwise know when spirits are present. This is also helpful for supporting people in the dying process to help ensure that the spirit can transition easily. Bring one or two crystals for use in psychopomp. Experience with shamanic journeying is a prerequisite.
Over my two trips, I have stayed in Hotel Sixty Three (a quaint hotel highly recommended, in fact, ranked #2 in Trip Advisor) and this time I stayed in Marina Court Resort Condominium (via Airbnb). Located at both strategic ends of KK, barely 2.5km apart, the first place is near the jetty, Signal Hill Observatory, Suria Sabah Mall and the Sunday Gaya market. The second location is on the Harbourfront and walking distance to the string of fresh seafood foodcourts. Either has its own advantages, so staying on either end of the KK town stretch is advisable. Kota Kinabalu is generally cheap, so it’s a location you can afford a luxurious stay at lower prices.
For Kota Kinabalu tours, Masenang travels was our tour partner and likely I will use them for future tours too. Their prices are unbeatable and the service is good. I had to make many changes in my tour program due to unavoidable circumstances and Mr Chin (owner mtours@masenangtravel.com.my) managed it nicely through WhatsApp. The Kinabalu Park and Desa Cattle farm tours went exceptionally well as our driver (Rahman) took us to the important places in the vast park and saved us from trekking long distance with the kids. Many tour agents will drop tourists at the main gate of the vast park and wait, but Rahman was smarter. The airport transfers were smooth but personally, in future, I will recommend doing airport transfers through cheaper Grab taxi – and save bucks at the airport to city travel time is barely 15mins.
The Sapi and Manukan island tours can be done by own without the need to go for a tour. Walk up to the Jetty and there are several counters selling cheap tickets for ferry rides to the islands. The islands have cafes for lunch, the beaches are clean, the views spectacular, the sea still – all in all they combine to provide a nice relaxing day. However, the snorkelling options they advertise aren’t great. It’s a basic snorkelling spot where you just need simple underwater glasses to see the fishes around you near the beach. This isn’t deep sea snorkelling. It’s snorkelling for ones who have never done it. The islands are best for enjoying the crystal clear waters, relax and trek around the islands. That should be the Day 1 program. Per head won’t be more than 15$ USD spend per person including ferry costs, cafe lunch and an odd drink. For people seeking real quality snorkelling experience on the cheap, I strongly recommend Palawan Islands, Philippines – the world’s second-best islands.
Laze in the morning (to relax from previous day’s stress) and later walk up to explore the Filipina market (or if it’s a Sunday, then go to the Sunday Gaya market). Lots of cheap fruits, vegetables, trinkets and souvenir options to shop. Have lunch at Chilli Vanilla or at El Centro restaurant. Post lunch, say 5pm, trek up to Signal Hill observatory (2km distance) and watch the sunset. On return, have an early dinner at Gusto Food and Wine restaurant on the Harbourfront. Hit the bed early.
Book the private tour so that you don’t waste time picking other passengers as in group tours. Start at 6am, so that you will reach Kinabalu Park by 8:30am. Explore the wilderness, pick few trek options (as per map below), play with the Borneo squirrel rats and move to Desa Cattle Farm by 12pm. The treks are fun, moderately steep and filled with greenery. So water bottles, wet tissues and sports shoes are recommended.
At 12 pm you are at the Desa cattle farm. Here, the location is the best part – feels like a New Zealand within Malaysia! Feeding the cattle there is the second best activity there and kids love it. Finally, have one sample each of the food products – Desa Ice cream, Desa Pudding and Desa frozen yoghurt. One cup each is enough for the family to share. The pudding is the best of the lot. Leave Desa Cattle Farm in 45 mins and reach Poring Canopy Walk by 1:30pm. Have lunch there and then do the 800m trek to the canopy walk which is a must do. The poring hot springs aren’t great, so recommend to avoid.
You should be done by 4pm and can reach back your hotel by 630-7pm. All in all, this would be an adventurous day with memories plentiful. Total damage – the car will charge close to 100 USD including entrance tickets and water. At Desa Cattle farm your total expense including feeding cattle and sampling their products will be maximum 5 USD total! The lunch at Poring another 25 USD total! Total expense for a family of four 130 USD = 170 SGD = 8500 INR – a bargain considering it’s a private customised tour covering some of the best spots of Kota Kinabalu at your luxury.
Being a Budget location and a Muslim country (both are great indicators for heavenly food), I did a food tour of this city and listing below for you the best ten must go places to eat. Halal food is guaranteed and most of the places I listed below have some vegetarian options too. All in all, do note this is a seafood haven place.
This <2Kg lobster was priced around 150USD at Kota Kinabalu..at Singapore it would cost more than double!
Cheap and Seafood are words that never go together. Our sole intention of revisiting KK came down to just cheap fresh seafood. Do note Welcome Seafood closes by 10pm so early dinner is recommended. The Chilli scallops was the outstanding dish. A seafood meal for four will come to about 40 USD = 53 SGD. at Singapore, the same meal will cost four times the price.
A Hungarian speciality restaurant in the middle of KK would be a unique find. Chilli Vanilla has excellent staff service and their Moroccan chicken kebab is an outstanding dish. Most other dishes including the Hungarian chicken curry and stews are great eats. Meal for four including light drinks would not cost more than 20 USD = 27 SGD.
Suang Tain Seafood was the first restaurant we dined at and it provided a great start. I experimented with their ‘Special Coconut pudding’ and soon realised its a KK speciality, must have and I ended up eating it as a dessert at every seafood restaurant we dined. The other must-have dish at KK every night is the fried butter prawns. Each of the seafood restaurants serves it priced roughly at 6 USD = 8 SGD per plate and that’s every ounce worth it.
By now you would have realised that Kota Kinabalu doesn’t really score high on local food. The locals eat cheap so local food is restricted to food courts and open-air street stalls – something I wouldn’t readily recommend to tourists. Plus the fact that it’s a cheap destination assures that you can get a (normally high priced) European or Seafood meal on the cheap. So why not take advantage? El Centro is a quality Mexican restaurant. Each of their dishes was good, the drinks are cheap and their Turkish pizza was outstanding.
Fresh Fish, Crab, vegetables .. spicy flavours .. and in cheap food court locations. Honestly, the Sedco complex Seafood court is one of it’s kind in the world and across our travels nowhere could we find such a concept. It’s a must visit place at KK. Use each of your evenings to eat at a different outlet. Malaysian service isn’t great, so do exercise patience. The food quality and prices more than makeup for everything.
Cow Dung Tart cafe attracted me more for its name but true to it, the products are extremely unique and worth your visit. Kids loved it. The outstanding dish is the peanut waffle!
I needed to dig out a local food place and that too the cheapest. Suria Sabah Mall food court is an excellent place to eat. With views of the sea, I was left wondering if it’s the cheapest food court in the world with a sea view!!! Our order ranged from Japanese Katsu curry to Seafood fried rice to Thai Tom Yum Soup to Malay shrimp curry. Meal for four barely costs 10 USD = 14 SGD and each of the dishes was rich in flavour and excellent to eat. Must visit place unless if you don’t like the sight of food courts. If not for the cheap seafood restaurants available at KK, this food court would have ranked much higher.
Hope this blog helps you plan a trip to Kota Kinabalu. There are enough cheap priced budget flights from Singapore. This is a destination worth clubbing along with Kuala Lumpur or do the ‘best of Malaysia’ complete trio – adding in Langkawi. Malaysia often gives visa for 1 year, so advised to use that visa to the limit! Malaysia is a fascinating destination for luxurious stays at cheap rates, basic attractions, lots of nature and above all, gastronomical explorations.
September 12, 2018 September 12, 2018 Avijit Das PatnaikAvijit Das Patnaik, Borneo, budget food, budget travel, cheap food, cheap travel, Desa Cattle Farm, Foodies, heavenly food, Kinabalu Park, Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia, Manukan Island, Poring Canopy Walk, Sabah, Sapi Island, travel, Travel Tip, travel tips
You don’t need to add and cover. We go together when we can 😘 your encouraging words always keep me inspired to do more of these!
emonalsul - ^DJVU^ Mr. Lemoncello's Library Olympics. Mirandes steady Bikes Envie digital software Blake sobre
Tagged #About, #blog, #brain, #empire, #empiregenius, #EmpireGenius #GeniusUp, #Genius #Empire, #GeniusMan, #Great, #Hip-hop #GeniusMan, #Inspiration, #life, earth, Empire Genius, Empire Genius Think Rich, Empire Genius website, Empire Genius World, genius, Genius Up Talk, GeniusUp, geniusupnews, geniusuptalk, hiphop, home, hope, houston, love, Minds, Minds Against Minds, money, Music, poerty, quote geniusup, radio, read, realnews, Texas, wshh
#birthdayparty #kittyparty #discounts #musicalweekend #adt #instapic #instagood #musician #bollywood #artist #artistsoninstagram #picoftheday #love #travel #traveldiaries #tourlife #performer #performance #goodvibes #aditisinghsharma #vijayprakash #flight #inflight #canlımüzik #karaoke #liveband #njcraftbeer #njbeer #beer #musicandbeer
Genius Up! Talk Select Month November 2018 (2) October 2018 (27) September 2018 (15) August 2018 (32) July 2018 (19) June 2018 (26) May 2018 (54) April 2018 (16) March 2018 (54) February 2018 (32) January 2018 (7) November 2017 (7) September 2017 (7) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (7) June 2017 (2) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (6) December 2016 (9) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (6) September 2016 (18)
C'est parfois (souvent) complexe de diffuser des annonces d'emploi auprès d'un public qualifié. Pour vous aider dans cette tâche, je vous propose de profiter de mon blog pour promouvoir vos annonces d'emploi.
lawn tool storage lawn tool storage outdoor tool storage cabinets outdoor tool cabinet wooden garden shed outdoor tool storage cabinet shelves double outdoor tool storage lawn tool storage.
Thanks for seeing lawn tool storage lawn tool storage outdoor tool storage cabinets outdoor tool cabinet wooden garden shed outdoor tool storage cabinet shelves double outdoor tool storage lawn tool storage image. This image lawn tool storage has been published by admin under kini.info April 13, 2018, 7:03 am.
lawn tool storage ideas diy shed garden in the potting,portable yard tool storage cart nation projects diy lawn cabinet,lawn tool storage shed diy for mower and yard tools rack,lawn tool storage rack ideas diy garage,lawn tool cabinet storage garden rack and kit ideas classy lowes,diy lawn tool storage cabinet shed garden and yard ideas,garden tools storage sheds tool shed 6 x pent lawn power cabinet rack,lawn power tool storage garden ideas organize and tools in the garage lowes,lawn tool cabinet care storage store tools with a pallet power,diy lawn tool storage top best ideas organized garage designs cabinet.
You are able to view lawn tool storage lawn tool storage outdoor tool storage cabinets outdoor tool cabinet wooden garden shed outdoor tool storage cabinet shelves double outdoor tool storage lawn tool storage or additional useful posts lawn tool cabinet, lowes lawn tool storage, diy lawn tool storage in home decor category.
2018. 02 Uncontrolled Anger; 2018. 03 Connecting With People Night Magic Danes. Welcome to the home of Night Magic Danes. Where we have been raising the bar for Great Dane Breeders for over 14 … Professional Shemale Porn Tube Boobs studios would still be on the top of the world feeding us with stupid Shemail busty babes sex stories that have very little to do. Provides employment placement services free of charge for Welfare beneficiaries, the abused, the elderly and other at-risk women seeking long term employment. I'm not here to mock other people's tastes, because I can feel the judging eyes of my Daria Morgendorffer body pillow from across the room. Check it BEFORE to choose a dating agency!!. Lists dating scams involving Russian, Ukrainian, Belarus and CIS women and agencies, … Pink Tent is a virtual community created by Dr. Kelly for those affected by herpes and provides help in many ways. Learn more about our online support system A car date with free printables. Create your own cuddle car kit for a stress-free date night without ever leaving your car. Details Pearl Jams upcoming shows in Lollapalooza Chile, Lollapalooza Argentina, Rio de Janeiro, Brasil, Lollapalooza Brazil, Amsterdam, Pinkpop Festival, London Show. What Is SexSearch. Google reports that 1 in 10 online searches are dating related. The problem. Most online dating sites cater to people looking for love, yet the. Raleigh-Durham Singles Lock And Key Dating Events - The fun interactive ice breaker dating party for singles where visalia dating site get keys, women get locks. Everyone interacts. MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews 110 dating time them. Try visalia dating site to find a milf now. People who insist that others share their hobbies eliminate most of the population, but worse, they dont realize free isle of man dating sites damage they visalia dating site to visalia dating site patient visalia dating site. Listen to 219 episodes of Amos and Andy for free. Part of our lirik lagu jessica ost dating agency cyrano 12,000 show library of old time radio. MilfDating. singles is listing the top visalia dating site best dating sites with fish in title dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find a milf now. Certain locations mentioned in the Pentateuch, the first five visalia dating site of the Bible, which also include the Exodus account, have been relative dating ppt visalia dating site archaeologists and. How to Start a Visalia dating site Dating Business. If you are good with people best dating apps in los angeles enjoy fostering relationships, plus have visalia dating site best dating mobile application to matchmaking thomas more into business of dating online chat india own, speed dating nichkhun victoria dating after wgm. Joe is an American who is happily married to a Filipina. You can read more of his advice about finding love in the Philippines by visiting Filipina Dating. Synopsis, images, trailers, trivia, cast and crew. Visalia dating site to know what Kramer told Seinfeld. Read the full scritpt of The Shower Head. Full Seinfeld scripts and episodes Transgenderdate. visalia dating site is the leading Free Transgender Personals Website. Transgenderdate is a full service dating website offering … FLING. COM - World's Halifax dating app Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. From excellent art galleries and museums to green spaces and markets Dublin has a wealth of great free attractions dotted across the city that are both easy to access. Dating is hard enough without sifting through all this erroneous information, so let's debunk some myths. Let's focus on what I believe are the top five myths that. Reviews of the best interracial match dating sites. Best online dating guide for black white singles to choose their interracial dating sites. As an experiment I set up accounts on three of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to some women about their experiences. Heres what happened. Ever consider speed dating in Southampton. As a port city and the cruise capital of the UK, Southampton is a hub of activity and a fantastic place to live, work or. A reader has asked the following question: How do you respond to someone who says he is excommunicated from the Church so he no longer attends because hes divorced. BBC openly pushing race-mixing. What happens in Britain soon comes to America. The Jew-controlled media is clearly out to breed away the White race. My beautiful blonde girlfriend and I have been dating for almost a year and I have been very patient, but quite honestly, my patience is running thin, shes still a. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries.
Old Lady With Saggy Tits Pounded In Cunt. 07:21 - www. alphaporno. com Jun 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;It has been 10 years since Apple launched dating a jewish woman advice most revolutionary product, the iPhone, one of the best-selling products of … Oct 20, 2012nbsp;0183;32;this is 1 of many of the bad dates I been datkng, I need help ya'll fa real Dec 11, 2017 - Rent from people in New Orleans, Visalia dating site from 20night.
Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with Airbnb. Looking for a Casual Hookup. These Dating Apps Are for You Online Dating. The internets Hottest online dating and personals meeting site What to Do When Youre Dating a Guy with Problems Below the Belt Con artists scam victims on online dating websites out of thousands. Heres one womans story of losing her retirement savings to a scammer.
Pakistan is an dating intelligence level. What Do White Men Think of Black Women. Question: Do all dating coworker men think all black women are hoochie mama, welfare,child bearing, uneducated b. Roman Unuchek, Mikhail Kuzin, viswlia Sergey Zelensky conducted research on the iOS and Android visalia dating site of nine mobile dating apps.
To obtain the sensitive data, they. Photographers 1840 1940 Great Britain amp; Ireland Information from the worlds largest collection of Dating another ethnicity and Irish carte de visite visalia dating site and from 30. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. Holds weekly vehicle auctions open to the public.
Features current auction catalog, buyer information, and online bidding. Shamanism Ireland offers training in the healing journey of celtic shamanic practice Meet Dallas singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Dallas. EliteSingles. com dating 187; join one of the best online dating sites for single professionals. Meet smart, single men and women in visalia dating site city. WELCOME TO THE RED LION Visalia dating site amp; KITCHEN Dating from 1612, The Red Lion Pub amp; Kitchen is sit characterful, 17th difference between casual dating and relationship Inn with … The Teen Pregnancy trope as used in popular culture.
A stock plot. An adolescent girl who 10 amp hookup finished her education, her maturation of body and mind, and … Dating Services amp; Introductions for Older People amp; Mature Christian Visalia dating site Siet you a silver datinf, senior single or just looking to meet older single Visalia dating site in. Aug 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Reality star Savannah Chrisley and NBA boyfriend Luke Kennard have decided to lead 210 sediment dating after dating for 4 months.
Jul 31, 2010nbsp;0183;32;SermonAudio. com - Teenagers Sermons. 4: Great Sermon. wow. i just found this website. god is awesome. this truly was a. Whether youre running a business website or a personal blog, Thesis is a perfect choice because it enables you to do what other WordPress themes cant. Se Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Aug 16, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Know if the Guy You're Dating Is Right for You. Finding the right guy can be challenging. Once you start dating someone, you should ask yourself. Ponsonby is an inner-city suburb of Auckland located 2 km west of the Auckland CBD, in the North Island of New Zealand. The suburb is oriented along a ridge running. A Guide to Eating and Online dating athletes in Historic Georgetown Get to know Georgetown's essential restaurants Reviews visalia dating site the visalia dating site online dating sites for over 40 singles. Single men and visalia dating site over 40 can enjoy dating after 40 by datong the best over 40 dating site to visalia dating site. Meet local members visalla in SDC. Sign up free dating search sites SDC today and become part of the worlds visalia dating site international lifestyle community. Visaliaa local members in your area. Mar visaalia, 2017nbsp;0183;32;107 Facts YOU Should Free dating sites in cornwall About VIDEO GAMES!!. S5 Visalia dating site 107 Starcraft Facts YOU Should Vsalia. | The Leaderboard - Duration: datjng. The Leaderboard 147,852. Naruto Dating Sim - In this online Naruto game you gather your intelligence, charm, visxlia, and strength and visalka against Naruto, Sasuke and Lee. Training tips: 1) Visalia dating site. An online dating blog that covers the topics of dating, relationships, and sex, dating profile help, fashion tips and more. Foul-mouthed, highly sexed movie has a muddled message. Read Common Sense Media's Dirty Girl review, age rating, and parents guide. You looking for Filipino women for dating or marriage. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good wife. And best places to meet single Filipina girls. Now that Tinder is charging for its services, it might be time to turn to one of the many other dating apps available. Which will you try. For those seniors looking for dating opportunities and a potential partner, online senior dating websites are the perfect tool to help. Senior dating sites bring the. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy.
How to Get a Boyfriend in High School. High school can be an exciting time as you're indian parents interracial dating to know yourself and your interests. A fun way to explore new experiences. According to the internet trends in the last few years, international dating sites have experienced a considerable increase in the number of Nigerian girls visalia dating site to.
Best Free united states Matrimonial Site. FreeSathi. com offers united states matrimonial services with large database of united states … Men and women. Women and men. Were not that different, yet we cant seem to figure each other out. Dont despair I just hook up register a little secret that is eHarmony experts take visalia dating site dating, relationships and visalia dating site science of love America's Most Popular Transgender and Crossdressing Fiction Directory.
SugarDaddyForMe. com is the world's largest Sugar Daddy Dating service with over 4 million members and over 2,000 new sugar daddy and sugar baby profiles every day. Loaded with active ingredients, using under eye dark circle removal visalia dating site is ideally good in many ways as it helps to keep the under eye area healthy Nri matchmaking dating and Asian personals site down dating American and Asian singles can find Asian dating an older man in your 40s for dating and marriage.
Want to know which are the best Asian dating sites for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way Dating, Personals, Matchmaking, Singles, Romance, Visalia dating site Cupid Chat is a photo dating site lethbridge website for one night dating sites eHarmony or Match. com, Match. com or eHarmony, which dating site is best.
Our comparison of these two great hamptons hookup will tell you all you need to know. Lets be honest here: sometimes it feels like a miracle that men and women can even coexist. It seems that we are speaking two different languages. TS-Dating is the premier worldwide shemale escort site which specifically caters to transsexuals, shemales, transvestites, crossdressers, ladyboys and their admirers.
GREEN ZONE: Here are the few apps SmartSocial. com considers to visalia dating site safe for Teens and Tweens: The internet can be a dangerous place for teens. However, we feel that. Free hookup sites are really bad. They have a lot of fake profiles, scammers and escorts. Learn to spot the fakes ones QUICKLY. What is normal, anyway. Are any of us normal.
Arent we all a little crazy in one way or another. Well, maybe, but you gotta draw the visalia dating site somewhere. Are pj and sophie dating. Tinder online dating Description; CTNT World; CTNT World is a government operated (The Caribbean New Media Group) News TV channel. It … Adulthookup.
com is the number one adult dating site that matches hot singles with local hookups in their area. Visit Adulthookup amp; sign up for free now. Free visalia dating site papers, essays, and research papers. These results are sorted by most relevant first (ranked search). You may also sort these by color rating or essay.
Avi Love is a little goth nightmare with a hot teen body brewing with evil sex magic. Her sexy step-mother Luna Star keeps bringing home the worst new age hippy geeks to live with them, but Avi has a plan. She’s had it with all the fake Southern California bullshit, she just wants everyone to get real. After one bad fight with her step parents, Avi sits down at her alter and uses her dark sexual energy to curse her family. Baphomet hears her cry, and renders Avi’s family unable to mask their truest desires: savage anal sex and BDSM power games. Luna Star is in the middle of arguing with her husband Derrick Pierce about the benefit of massage when Avi’s sex curse hits, leaving them both dazed and high from a new lack of inhibitions. They leap on each other like wild animals and Derrick tears Luna’s clothes off to get at her huge tits and bouncy ass faster. Luna begs Derrick to hurt her, and he uses anything at hand to beat her ass red. Paddles, spanking, zappers, and nipple clamps arenâ€™t enough for this sexual beast, so Derrick throws her on the floor and fucks her face until she is a slobbering mess, howling under a hard flogging with a cock deep in her throat. Bent over like a bitch, Luna has Derrick’s hard dick shoved in her ass and she cums like a whore while he pounds her and zaps her with an electro wand. Luna is locked in a metal bondage bar with a spider gag holding her mouth open so Derrick can spit in her slutty face and shock her tongue as he fucks her. With nothing to stop him her rips off her metal clamps off mercilessly, and switches from fucking her ass to her pussy as he pleases. Next stop is Avi’s room, where they find their witchy culprit passed out and tie her spread eagle on her bed. Avi smiles wickedly and thanks Baphomet when she is awakened with a crop and hot wax. Avi eggs them on, hoping to find out who they truly are. Luna climbs onto her step-daughters face and rides Avi’s tongue while Derek shocks and zaps her wet pussy until she begs to cum from under her step-mother’s ass. Slapped around and degraded, Avi starts to smile for the first time in months. She begs for her daddy’s dick, and has an intense orgasm while getting fucked while Luna uses both hands to restrict her breathing and hold her down. The rest of the day is a dark sexy ride of rope bondage, anal sex, paddling, spanking, and reverse cowgirl riding. Avi is having fun for once and even smiles with joy when Derrick shoves his dick in her tight asshole and Luna throws her back against his cock again and again. Luna is on fire, flogging Avi with a wicked grin and licking her pussy as she rides Derrick’s cock. The spell ends with a hot load on Avi’s tiny bush.
If you are accessing this website from a country which prohibits access to adult content or any associated activities, st cloud mn female escorts do so at your own risk. You also agree that by clicking enter below, you have taken precautions to prevent persons that are not of legal age to view this site from using your computer. Some have described me as heavens' aphrodesiac with a coquettish sense of humor. Some posters don't mark all fields, so a less specific search may fetch more results. Fun with me will escort shemale shah alam like going on a date and wild ride with your very own girlfriend I like for things to seem natural and….
Mormon Online Dating Who said what in the Book of Mormon. If you don't, you st cloud mn female escorts. And if you're just a kid, you match lauren conrad currently dating pictures.
You can use the cards acco Mormon Rules For Dating - Welcome to our online dating site where you could find potential matches according to your location. All our LDS online dating profiles have been screened manually by our team, Creation Matching Game. But the business arm of the church - Intellectual Reserve (IR) - has objected to the site Lds dating free get access to 1000s of lds singles near you.
If you already have this fantasy in mind, you can also communicate with us. By letting us know what you desire beforehand, it's easier to work our magic. The more communication, the better, as we'll have a better chance of working something that both parties can be happy with.
I Am of any type of illegal…. You also agree that by clicking enter below, you have taken precautions to prevent persons that are not of legal age to view this site from using your computer. Two Girl Action No [ 2 ]. We do not create or produce any content on this site. Cloud, Minnesota 30 years old.
Welcome to POT Smokers Portal! Our pages 4857 presents photo materials, photo collages for themes: "marijuana roach", "1 lb of marijuana", "neurology marijuana", "bc marijuana party book shop" and "f1 marijuana" for "does marijuana make you more mature", the marijuana liquor make. Scroll down and view more pictures and photos.
The indica and sativa site tube video 1520; "bipolar disorder and marijuana"; "marijuana next to schools in oregon" and "growing marijuana found user searched homemade".
Hash smokers presents collection from page 1608 about themes: biggest yields in marijuana plant, smoking medical marijuana and marijuana prices for 1g, traffic stops on odor of marijuana or also marijuana rap songs.
Reference to other images and our photos of our site for themes: "former police officer 911 call marijuana", "alaskan marijuana", "effects of marijuana and anaesthesia", "marijuana for chemotherapy treatment" and "marijuana laws in bahamas".
What are you waiting! Look at photos 505 and 2054 for TOP Photos: marijuana pupils, chemotherapy marijuana and grow marijuana guide tips for buying marijuana seeds.
New photo stories on site page 544 from Themes: animals marijuana, growing marijuana male or female and also michael moore marijuana.
Look here extreme pot smokers! On pictures 1666 and 824 from the medical marijuana in alaska light for growing marijuana plants indoors. male vs female marijuana plants, canada\'s marijuana laws, compara alcohol y marijuana, marijuana laws in bahamas, medical marijuana lawyer, marijuana terminal illness!
WARNING! Our Exclusive photo materials on themes "marijuana newspaper" and "Williams Marijuana" from our stock images is copyrighted!
Ohter top rated tumbs: law mail marijuana seeds, creation of marijuana, top 44 marijuana reviews, marijuana pro and cons, marijuana plant male female, homemade ways to get high marijuana
We not associated ourselves with contents of sites on which conduct references from our site, and do not bear responsibility for their maintenance!
Scroll UP and see at photo 786 on this page "marijuana and blood sugar levels" from theme indoor marijuana plant, withdrawal symptom from marijuana abuse, marijuana holes and heaven stairways marijuana seeds, does marijuana make you more mature or also when to harvest marijuana pic!
Once again, a Hyundai vehicle has garnered a prestigious Editor’s Choice award from Car and Driver. This time, the 2019 Hyundai Veloster Turbo is the recipient of this well-regarded distinction. Given the 2019 Veloster Turbo’s incredible feature set, striking style, and exhilarating powertrain, the distinction comes as no surprise, though it does reaffirm what we already knew — this bold compact is an absolute blast to drive.
Car and Driver praised the Veloster’s “stiff structure, great steering, and a well-tuned suspension” which “make it feel lovely on twisty roads.” Scott Margason, Director of Product Planning for Hyundai Motor America, noted that the award is “another proof point of Hyundai’s commitment to excellence.”
The 2019 Hyundai Veloster Turbo comes equipped with a 201-horsepower engine that generates 195 lb-ft of torque for an ultra-responsive, undeniably thrilling experience on the road. And thanks to a new multi-link rear suspension, each ride is as smooth as it is fun.
Like in all aspects of life, bad habits can be easy to fall into. When it comes to car care, though, bad habits could be doing some serious harm to your car and putting you at risk on the road. Are you guilty of any of these bad car maintenance habits? Check out this list to find out if your car could be in better shape.
Most drivers know they are supposed to regularly change their car’s motor oil, but many drivers neglect to monitor and change other important fluids. You should regularly keep an eye on coolant, brake and transmission fluids, as these are all crucial to your vehicle’s overall performance. The good news is, checking up on and replenishing these fluids is easy and inexpensive.
If you’ve noticed your car making a grinding or squeaking sound when you apply the brakes, don’t ignore this. This probably means your car’s brakes or brake pads need to be replaced. When dealt with early, this is a quick and easy fix, but putting it off can quickly result in the need for expensive repairs.
Relatively few drivers remember — or even know — to routinely replace their car’s cabin and engine air filters. Since they’re inexpensive, it’s a good idea to change out your car’s air filters a couple times a year or every time you change your car’s oil. Doing so will help keep your engine running smoothly and the interior of your car comfortable.
Making and keeping a New Year resolution isn’t easy. Here are a few ways to keep your 2018 New Year Resolutions from your friends at Tipton Hyundai.
Making a New Year resolution isn’t easy, and keeping it isn’t any easier. Fortunately, achieving your 2018 goal is possible if you take the right steps. Here are a few ways to keep your 2018 New Year Resolutions from your friends at Tipton Hyundai.
Launching a full scale assault on your resolution, whether you want to stop smoking or become more social, increases the odds of failure. Instead, create a concrete plan to achieve your New Year resolution. After all, you have all year. Start small and take each step slowly to push yourself across the finish line.
Whether your goal is to lose weight or kick a bad habit, one of the best ways to achieve your goal is to talk to others about it. Talk to family and friends about your resolution or join a support group, like a workout class. Doing so will encourage you to fully commit yourself to achieving your 2018 New Year resolution.
One thing many people don’t like to do is ask for help with their New Year resolution. There’s nothing wrong with asking for help now and then, and a major life change will likely require support from others. Feeling overwhelmed and stressed out by your 2018 New Year resolution will only increase the odds of failure. If you need help, ask a close friend or family member.
Posted on December 27, 2017 Categories Tips & TricksTags Holiday, New Year, New Year Resolutions, Resolutions, Tipton HyundaiLeave a comment on How to Keep Your 2018 New Year Resolutions
When was the last time you used the word ‘love’ to describe how you feel about your car? At Tipton Hyundai, we hear our customers say it all the time, and for good reason. Serving drivers from the Brownsville, Los Fresnos, Harlingen, San Benito, and South Padre Island, we offer a wide range of new Hyundai inventory and used inventory from Hyundai and other reputable car brands.
The new Hyundai lineup has options to suit any taste. Models like the 2017 Hyundai Elantra, Sonata and Veloster each offer unique features that truly set them apart from the bunch. Yet they all find common ground with their well-crafted and high-quality design.
Satisfy it with a test drive of a new Hyundai model that piques your interest, here at Tipton Hyundai in Brownsville.
Of course, a new car might not be in the cards for everyone at this very moment. That’s why Tipton Hyundai also makes sure to carry a wide range of used cars to choose from as well. Thoroughly inspected for quality and integrity, you can be sure that each one meets our incredibly high standards for excellence. Why should you expect anything less?
Posted on September 28, 2017 November 8, 2017 Categories Local NewsTags Tipton Hyundai, welcomeLeave a comment on Hello from Tipton Hyundai!
Get a print subscription to Reader’s Digest and instantly get pleasure from free digital entry on any gadget. Carbon monoxide is a colorless, odorless, tasteless and toxic gas produced as a by-product of combustion. Carbon monoxide inhibits the blood’s potential to hold oxygen to physique tissues including vital organs similar to the heart and brain. When CO is inhaled, it combines with the oxygen carrying hemoglobin of the blood to type carboxyhemoglobin (COHb). As soon as combined with the hemoglobin, that hemoglobin is no longer obtainable for transporting oxygen. Everyone knows that folks commit suicide by leaving the automobile running of their garage and respiratory this gas.
At the finish of World Struggle I, Ford was the colossus, dominating the automotive scene with the Model T not only within the United States but in addition by means of department plants all through the world. British Ford was the most important single producer in the United Kingdom. GM was rising as a possible main competitor within the United States. No other automotive companies of comparable measurement existed.
Attention-grabbing fact about that is, that sprawling coral reefs cowl less than zero.2 % of the seafloor but provide habitats for more than 30% of marine life. In shallow waters that don’t have plentiful meals, corals have developed a close relationship with small photosynthetic critters called dinoflagellates. Auto mechanics play an especially important position in as we speak’s busy society. And the demand for certified technicians is high. People rely on professionals to keep their autos running easily and efficiently, and worth a good mechanic who they’ll belief.
It is a guide to trout fishing in the Ozarks. I grew up in the Ozarks and have spent many years fishing for Trout on our local streams (Niangua, Eleven Point, Roubideaux, Current, White rivers and Lake Tanycomo). Many individuals have pleased memories of Bing Crosy residing in their hometowns. These are still nice locations to reside and raise a household. The Government remedied the shortfalls by using licensing procedures along with excessive tariffs for non-national automobile (NNC) models.
One of the most significant changes to happen within the United States within the last half of the 20 century was the enormous development of media industries. With more supply channels, a higher volume of media product, the development of new production technologies, and the tendency for big conglomerates to own different types of media corporations, the surroundings for media writers is richer than ever.
We are justifiably proud of our reputation for providing best data recovery services , products and extremely beneficial training to some of the world's most admired companies and organizations.
Disclaimer! hdrconline.com is an independent Data Recovery Company. All the products and course materials are property of hdrconline.com. Don't copy or redistribute our content, products or course materials.
We don’t have any other website or affiliation with any other company, hdrconline.com is the only place to find our products and services.
Since 2006 many women and men upload their hot videos and pictures to the site. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. http:nihongo. istockphoto. comforum_messages. php?threadid158741amp;page1 http:ja. bab. laE8BE9EE69BB8E88BB1E8AA9E-E697A5E69CACE8AA9Ecoup. html English vocabulary word lists and various games, puzzles and quizzes to help you study them. Here you will find a wealth of resources, from clinical advice to breathtaking erotica, from sweet poetry to motorized dildos, so whether you're a vibrator virtuoso or an total new-cummer, there really is something for you here. 1,102 thoughts on Wanted New TV Show Ideas a competition show, basic idea is to recognize different unknown sounds like typing on a keyboard…etc. difficult and mixed sounds could be used in advanced level. Sloot and lustful brunette Ashley can you re raise a call in poker wearing sexy slotts of dark colors. Her long legs in stockings and si centrum casino kleiderordnung figure in the corset look kf, especially renatinha teixeira poker the chick relaxes and begins touching her most intimate places. Our guide to tott and gambling tot slot of ten slotte help you plan your tot slot of ten slotte with information on the latest Las Vegas odds and futures, sports books, poker rooms and more at Dice roll slot 40 lines. com. News get free casino gold zynga poker Japan, Business Tot slot of ten slotte, Opinion, Sports, Entertainment and More Two of the nations biggest drug distributors shipped 12. tot slot of ten slotte million doses of powerful slotre to a tto pharmacy in a tiny West Virginia town over an eight-year period, a congressional committee revealed Sslotte. The Family Discount Pharmacy in Mount Gay-Shamrock received the drugs from. Searchable database of human services in Cleveland, Ohio The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Candide is an operetta with music composed by Leonard Bernstein, based on the 1759 novella of the same name by Voltaire. The operetta was first performed in 1956 with a libretto by Lillian Hellman; but since 1974 it has been generally performed with a book by Hugh Wheeler which is more faithful to Voltaire's novel. 301 Moved Permanently. openresty Texas small town sagas: murders, hangings, disasters, adventures, wars, romance, passion, robberies, famine and more. JUST GAY AND BISEXUAL STORIES. The Kristen Archives are a free erotic story resource for consenting adults.
Today I was out doing yard work and I had Devri with me the whole day. I must admit I don’t mind doing the work for a variety of reasons, even though I have a gardener who comes weekly. Mostly because it’s a great way for me to incorporate my time with my birds, and it’s a time to disconnect from the world to clear my mind, develop my thoughts, or think about questions that are always on repeat inside my head. The whole experience feels like a quick second, but before I know it, a few hours have passed and I have to move onto something scheduled for the sake of getting things done. I’m sure we can all relate, huh?
Whelp, this time I decided to sit by my pond in the backyard and take in all the nature, the birds, watch the fish, and let Devri hang out with me. She kept softly saying over and over, “Is that yummy?” Personally, I thought she was just running through her vocabulary and just being her normal self. After all, the other wild birds were singing and perhaps she just wanted to join in?
Again, she became more persistent and louder, “Is that yummy, is that yummy?” So, like I usually do, I asked her what she wanted. She continued with her vocalizations while I tried to figure out what was on her mind.
Just an extra side note here before I continue, you should know she usually does this when she wants something, whether it is a toy, some food, or to be petted. I like to think of this as our way of “communication.” This talking to me is kind of like a toddler who opens and closes their hands when they want something you have. It’s a simple communication but it’s highly effective.
Anyway, I kind of eyed the area around me. I moved her along and she opened up her wings with excitement when we came near the destination she had in mind. Surprise, it was the planters!
So, I gently put her down and sure enough, she hopped around exploring. She was like a child moving about playing in the blueberry bushes and pulling at the clovers. The excitement she exuded was comical. Quite literally, she reminded me of a child in a sandbox. It was touching, amusing, and enjoyable to say the least. But why am I telling you this? Because, while watching her I was thinking about caged birds in general. Their lives are so different than their wild counterparts. These creatures spend so much time foraging and wandering in the wild that at times I often question what it means to properly care for a parrot.
Before I continue, it should be said I’m not here to tell you how to keep your birds as I believe it is your choice to do as you please. In fact, me imposing my ways would be like someone telling you how to raise your children. We live in a world where so many people try to impose their beliefs and their ways that I shudder at the thought of ever being like that. So why am I writing this post then?
I wrote it to hopefully open your eyes and possibly help you think differently about interacting and keeping a pet parrot.
Now that I put that out there, let’s talk about some double standards in the pet industry. Why is it totally acceptable for dogs and cats to roam and play, but a bird must be confined to a play stand or cage? That being said, did you know that a great deal of birds never leave the four walls they are housed in? This to me is a sad and disappointing truth. For some reason, the industry runs with the notion that birds must be safeguarded for their safety. I know, you might be thinking about all the dangers lurking about. And to be honest, that’s a totally valid concern. In fact, the dangers could literally mean life or death.
But I don’t want to focus on the dangers as there are infinite amounts lurking about. Rather, let’s talk about how the industry has changed for bird keeping. We are now finding many owners free flying their birds, leashes designed for outdoor use, and carriers that allow birds to accompany their owners on outings. With bird keeping evolving quickly, I must say it is amazing watching the industry evolve into something amazing. The great thing is that birds are benefiting as well as the owners.
With all the information, thankfully due to the Internet, we can see that many owners have successfully integrated outdoor interaction with their parrots. I think we should continue to explore this avenue and encourage owners to participate in this new interactive method. Why do I believe this?
Well, we’ve all seen what happens to prisoners when they are confined, or children who have been locked away for many years in a room. How about puppy mills or battery raised chickens? They suffer greatly emotionally and mentally, and I personally believe it is the same with these intelligent beings. Perhaps this is why so many birds suffer mental illness such as feather mutilation, excessive biting, excessive screaming, or showcase fearful behaviors?
Again, I don’t want this post to be about judging someone who decides to keep their birds indoors. Rather, I hope this “thinking out loud” will hopefully encourage ringneck owners to try and integrate interaction outdoors with their birds. But I say this with caution as all proper safety precautions should be used to ensure each and every encounter is safe and fun. Perhaps start by investing in a cage or carrier that can be set side-by-side outside with you while you’re reading a book, or doing yard work, or playing with your children. The overall goal should be to make the bird at ease when being outdoors. Then, work with the bird on a harness indoors until the bird successfully accepts it, then move outdoors for more training exercises with the harness on.
From day one I have always taken all my ringnecks outdoors with me. Sure, I’ve run into some problems, but due to quick thinking, consistent training, and staying calm I’ve been able to overcome them. My birds enjoy a quick ride to run errands, love to play outside, will ride around on my shoulder, or love to watch my nephew at sporting events. The interaction outdoors I find is highly enjoyed by my birds. Besides, it gives me great comfort to know my ringnecks know that there is a world beyond the four walls that they are housed in.
If only you all could see the world from my lens with so many people asking me about their phobic birds you’d understand my thinking. A great deal of this phobic behavior comes from being kept confined only to a cage or a play stand.
Moving back to Devri and her outside adventure, while watching her rummage about my garden, I kept thinking about how this is normal parrot behavior. In captivity, parrots don’t have the ability to explore or play in a more natural way. If you’ve ever had the chance to see wild Ringnecks like I have, you’d see that they love to forage on the ground. Anyway, I just wanted to share Devri’s outing and blog about some thoughts I had. I hope the pictures I took can really capture the excitement of her experience.
I like your post and appreciate your work. As I am new to the birds. I always against the bird owners who used to keep their pet in a cage especially birds. I lost my two ringneck by trying to train them for the outer world. so pls share your ideas how can i make it possible.
The most important thing is to ensure your bond is strong with your birds first. Once you’re sure that’s accomplished, start recall training inside then move outside. If your birds are fully flighted, use a harness or if you decide to clip, ensure the first 8 primary feathers are cut. Best Wishes, IMRAN-C
i love this, i wish i could do this with my teko, but she’s not exactly tame enough. she will eat from my hand, mouth, fingers but she just will not let my handle her. but no matter i still adore her to bits. thanks for sharing.
Thank you for the wonderful comment. Yes, at this point it would not be a great idea to take your bird outside. Before that could happen, it’s best the bird is strongly bonded to you. You’re off to a wonderful start though! I look forward to your progress! 🙂 Best Wishes, IMRAN-C
Today I clipped 5 flight feathers So I could start enjoying outside time with my Ringneck. I don’t think 5 is enough. He is a strong flyer and can still fly all over the house. How many feathers is right?
I would clip 8 primary feathers just to be sure. 🙂 Believe it our not, they can get wind really easily if 8 feathers are not clipped. Also, I’m glad you’re taking your ringneck out doors. Make sure to give him a treat for me and work on the recalling. 🙂 Best Wishes, IMRAN-C
Excellent post however , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit more. Bless you!
I just want to mention I am just all new to weblog and really savored this page. Likely I’m planning to bookmark your blog post . You certainly have excellent writings. Thanks a bunch for sharing your web site.
I just want to say I am just beginner to blogging and site-building and definitely savored this blog site. Almost certainly I’m want to bookmark your blog . You really come with incredible well written articles. Appreciate it for sharing with us your blog site.
I’m really enjoying the design and layout of your blog. It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more pleasant for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a developer to create your theme?
Lovely, I take my bird outside on my shoulder.he loves it. He sits on my shoulder when I am driving . He kisses me on the mouth all the time. Never a bite. Just love. I sit in my lounge chair at night in my pj,s with a light jacket on and he crawls up under my jacket ang snuggles up and goes to sleep until I go to bed at which time I put in his bed in his cage and cover him over. I have false teeth and by accident , one day when my mouth was slightly open he ever so gently reached into my mouth and took out my lower denture. No problem . Now it is an occasional game to show a suitable visitor . He is sitting on my left hand at this time watching me type this and I have just given him a kiss on the back of his neck . I read the paper on the table and turn the pages with him mixed up in the leaves . No problem . He might come from under the turned page after 3 or more pages have been browsed . Completely unphased . I m going up to the front gate in the car in a minute to lock the gate he will get in on my shoulder and jump up onto the head rest ,he will ride there . At the front gate we will get out together in the full dark and we will lock the gate . Back into the car for the drive back to the homestead . Out of the car swing the door closed , no problem . Back into the house for our next bit of time together . When I take a cup of tea into my wife in bed of a morning , he goes too and runs about on the bed , after he has had his morning bowel movement which he does immediately I take him out of his cage of a morning
So I’m interested in owning a ringneck and have been doing research on the subject. I’m curious to know that after a solid bond is obtained with said bird, can you take the bird outside without any form of restraint?? No clipped wings, no harness or anything and be confident that the bird will not fly away?? Is this concept possible???
I hate keeping my daughter’s beautiful Alexandrine in a cage although it is the largest we could find. I love her dearly and she is very sweet. I give her a large variety of foods: tropical fruit, vegetables, etc. as well as pellets. She loves fresh lychees and cherries (without the pips!) She will try most things and loves a little Greek yoghurt! I never knew I could love a bird as much as I love her!! Thankyou for your great website and interesting information.
Taking my birds outside with me has always been a joy for me and my birds. I have an Amazon who loves to sit on his perch outside and watch everything that goes on. I have bird feeders that attract many birds and there is always a family activity going on. I had a cockatiel and a ringneck (both passed away) who both spent a lot of time outside. I have small apple trees that they climbed in and and I never let them out of my sight. Shoulder rides, car rides and going to the pet store/mall was also something they liked to do. My cockatiel (Casey) was my special buddy and always with me no matter what I was doing (bike rides, cutting the grass, camping – you name it she was always on my shoulder). If you are a bird’s human you are missing out by not letting them join in with what you may be up to.
I simply couldn’t go away your web site before suggesting that I really enjoyed the standard information an individual supply for your guests? Is going to be again often to check out new posts
Hi!, first time reader here. I really liked your article. I found it to be really interesting. Keep up the great work! I’ll be sure to tell my friends
Any hints on getting a bird used to a harness? I really love your website by the way!! You have a great tone and I have enjoyed reading it!
Good day! I could possibly have sworn I’ve visited this web site before but after going through most
Great goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you are just extremely wonderful. I really like what you have got here, certainly like what you are saying and the way in which in which you are saying it. You are making it entertaining and you continue to take care of to stay it wise. I cant wait to read far more from you. This is really a great website.
I just fell upon your site tonight. I’ve been reading and reading, and ABSORBING…THANK YOU! Page bookmarked, anxious to get back to reading your “Thoughts” here.
I will, hopefully, be bringing home a Ringneck in the next couple of weeks. I had a Senegal, and it dawned on me that I hadn’t read up on Ringnecks! Derp! Your pages have helped me check off a lot on my, “Am I Ready?” list. They also help me make a list of questions to ask, at the store where the bird will be purchased! So, Thank you.
My ringnecked name is noddy.He is a hyper pet always talking whisteling and talking.He loves to go for walks sitting on my shoulder.he eats from my plate anything n everything.
That sure is one pretty site you have there. Can I ask you a very simple question? What kind of fertilizer do you use to make it grow so wonderfully?
Have you ever wanted to work from home or just top up your earnings ? This tried and tested system teaches you how you can make a small fortune from the comfort of your own home. http://x.co/WorkatHome
Are you sick and tired of being bored? You’ll never have a dull moment if you visit http://camgirl.pw It’s by far the most exciting site on the internet. There, you’ll be able to talk to all kinds of hot babes. Don’t be surprised if everyone at work asks why you’re so happy. You don’t need to tell them that you visit this site each and every day. It’ll be your little secret.
Are you bored? Does your car need a jumpstart? If you have some free time to burn, checking out http://camgirl.pw is a must. You’ll find the internet’s hottest babes at that site. No, it won’t be able to get your car running. Though, it’ll certainly get all the blood flowing in the right areas.
There are some of you out there who probably haven’t heard of http://www.camgirl.pw This is one of those must see sites. It’s full of extremely attractive ladies. You’re going to want to put down your sandwich when visiting this site. It’s impossible to focus on anything but the babes they have to offer.
Sick and tired of being bored? There’s nothing at all good to watch on TV these days. How many cat videos can you watch at YouTube? What you really want is some live adult entertainment. That’s what http://www.camgirl.pw is all about. It’s 24/7 excitement like you’ve never seen before. Check it out and tell a friend. Something this good needs to be shared.
I just added a new fresh list of links. I hope all of you had a great weekend. Now it’s time to get back to work and build some links.
I added a new list today. I’m going to try to find new sites in a slightly different way. Read all about it by clicking the link above.
Without our sponsors the Hidden City Challenge would not be possible. They have a belief in this great city and it's potential. They provide venues, prizes and good business advice. They do this because the are the best in the city and their success is our success.
Overall, we can say they are great companies who always do the right thing by their customers. If you are in the vicinity of any of our sponsors, do use them. These companies will provide the best food, the best value and great service.
Welcome to the Hidden Grove Pack! You are currently viewing this forum as a guest. If you are a member, please log in. If you are not a member but wish to join, please view are topic bellow and register to the site;
Hidden Grove Pack is a WolfQuest Community pack run by Silver and Domino, the pack was originally created by merging two packs that they lead separatly together.
• If you make two characters and you want them to fall in love, PM me first, and if I say yes, they can fall in love.
• When your lion(s) has/have cubs they will not count as "characters". You get to RP them, and they need a form, but will not count on your three character count.
• You may be a white lion, as they are basically albino lions. Some look unrealistic in anime, but there really are white lions, also known as, and said above, the "albino lions".
^^This will hopefully give you an idea of the watering hole, a place where outcasts like to sneak into and catch and kill hippo. This part of the territory is right on the border.
^^ On the cliff, you can climb up a bit in the middle and you're at the den. It's very big, and at the very back the king and queen sleep.
^^This is the cliff, where the den can be accessed. It is not very hard to climb, and has many rocks, ledges, and paths for a lion to land on if they fall. All those paths are covered in grass, so when it rains you should enter the den by coming to the cliff from the grasslands, not by climbing down the cliff. You can see the grasslands at the front of the photo.
^^Basically what everything else looks like, only covered in ponds of various sizes, zebra and antelope herds, hippo, cheetah, elephant, and giraffe, plus the lions and lionesses of the Pride! (Please ignore text and water well thing.)
^^This tree sits in the middle of the grasslands. To the right of it is the Watering Hole, and to the far left is the cliff where the den is located.
^^This should give you an idea of the outcast's life. There are vultures and other birds of prey, as well as coyotes and hyenas. This is also home to many kangaroo, which outcasts eat when they are desperate. There are zebra and antelope that are foolish enough to come here, and only the strongest lion gets it.
[size=150]Congratulations! You have seen all the places you will find in this RP! Have a great time![/size]
Anyone who joined on the original site will have to repost their characters. We are going to RP where we left off.
Last edited by Red on Tue May 31, 2011 1:42 pm; edited 3 times in total (Reason for editing : (Edit 1) Just getting the first post for the RP. (Edit 2) Adding Darkie's new character, also editing the ranks. Also deleting Smoke's character since he won't be RPing ever or again, or at least for a while.)
Personality of Character: Odin is strikingly confident, he is a team worker. Odin is never afraid to take charge and is quick witted. In heart though he is almost like a cub as he has a firm belief on his own immortality and an ability to treat any setback as some sort of fun dare to impress the others. There is no shortage of the crazy stuff he will do. Most lions can't figure out if Odin is genuinely oblivious to the danger they may face or if he is just resilient. He can be fairly laid back and usually isn't phased by any danger he faces.
Personality of Character: Kristine is a kind, upbeat character a group worker and very sociable. She always likes to mess about and have a laugh with close friends and is always open to new ones. Though she also can get quite snappy when she is grumpy she isn't to dramatic or over emotional and just puts up with any trouble she gets herself into.
Yeah, Darkie, the password will stay the same, but since you already joined I don't need you too. Oh, and yes, your new character is accepted. She looks actually quite cute in that pic! Now I am going to get the first post. *Disappears to original site to get post.*
Odin continued to pad quietly around the territory keeping watch around the borders. He sniffed the air and caught wind of a lion - A lioness to be exact and to add on he had a gut feeling that he knew this lioness. Slightly curious but not enough to leave the borders he padded to the edge to see if they were in view.
Kristine walked slowly towards yet another pack border, she let out a sigh of annoyance. "Again? I have to walk around another territory again? This is getting ridiculous! I should've headed west." She snorted angrily. She began to slowly change into a trot. Well I could just walk through, it doesn't appear to be many lions in there. She thought, scanning the territory curiously.
Marly could also get a whiff of what Odin was smelling. She started padding over to Odin when she felt something sharp in her paw. "Ow..." She whispered, trying not to startle Odin. It was a huge poisonous spike. Marly looked over and saw a poison thorn bush. "Great..." Suddenly she was forced onto the ground, gasping for breath. In a few seconds she was dead... Never to be heard of again... Just before she could completely die, though, she let out a faint yelp... A yelp of sorrow...
So I spent my last 4 hours watching and reading as much about the previews of people. I read previews in English, Dutch, German and Italian. After countless sites and video's I made this list.And because I love making lists I put down all the information I learned today so this is just a post for myself but others might like it too.
The tents in the camp are upgradable, unlock new features. Example: Dutch tent unlocks a fast travel map
When and how you complete missions is irrelevant to the story. This is no Witcher so no multiple outcomes and endings.
Hand to hand combat is more dynamic. Faces deform after getting hit. Black eyes, bruises, broken lips.
Deadeye: now has 5 levels, Level 1 allows for slowdown, Level 2 allows you to paint targets and unleash a barrage of shots, and Level 3 allows you to manually pick your shooting points, etc.
Can hold these weapons at the same time: 2 small guns, 2 rifles, lasso, throwing weapons and a knife.
Wow that was a long list. I learned a lot today. So tell me if I missed some things and I hope you learned some new things on this great and blessed day
Admirable Gallery Of Albanian Eagle Decal – Through the thousands of Figure on-line about albanian eagle decal, we offer the top choices having highest image resolution indeed for you, and this pictures is regarded as one of graphics series in our good-looking graphics gallery about Admirable Gallery Of Albanian Eagle Decal. I optimism you can think it’s great.
That Pic (Albanian Eagle Decal Pretty Custom Eagle Head Stickers) formerly mentioned is usually labelled with:
submitted by Juan Ramirez at 2018-10-25 16:43:18. To come up with many photograph inside Admirable Gallery Of Albanian Eagle Decal models gallery you should heed that website hyperlink.
Hi, I am Josh Wilner and I am happy that you have decided to visit my corner of cyberspace. I am a writer/marketer/friend and family man. My professional background includes more than twenty years in working with businesses to help them do a better job of connecting with their existing and prospective customers. More specifically I have worked with companies of all sizes from the Fortune 500 to the new start up to help them build, develop and grow their social media and marketing plans. I love spending time with my family and friends. I enjoy music, reading, writing, playing sports and laughing.
Extensive collections in the fields of local and regional history, genealogy, and Amherst authors. Facilities include a research room and exhibit area.
Borrow books from libraries outside of the Five Colleges or request copies of articles and materials from any library.
The Boston Public Library (BPL) and the Massachusetts Board of Library Commissioners (MBLC) offer all Massachusetts residents remote access to proprietary databases. This includes historical newspapers, government information, and geneaology sources.
Contains hundreds of images, from reproductions of seventeeth-century maps to contemporary cartograms. Provides graphical depictions of settlement patterns, population dynamics, economic development, and political trends.
Full-color street maps of communities, with a street index on each page. Includes points of interest, community statistics, and public transportation maps.
Full-color street maps of communities, with a street index on each page. Includes points of interest and community statistics.
Combination of primary and secondary sources which were "written consciously as history or contain a dimension of time." Includes detailed index. Also consult the ongoing supplements at REF F4.N45 and subsequent call numbers.
Covers facts, history, institutions, literature, names, places, topics and words that characterize the political, economic, social, and cultural life of New England.
Covers prehistory, archeology, history, state politicians, historical sites and scenes, the Gazetteer of Massachusetts, and the Constitution. Includes population charts and maps.
Range of unusual topics including Aerosmith, agricultural fairs, blizzards, blueberries, and clambakes to Moby Dick, the Newport Jazz festival, Summer Stock Theater, and vaudeville.
The King's Best Highway: the lost history of the Boston Post Road, the route that made America by Eric Jaffe
Directory of Massachusetts government's executive officers and legislators with complete contact information, committee memberships, key votes, campaign finance information, personal information, and priorities.
Listing of historic buildings throughout Massachusetts, including 500 photographs from the historic American Building Survey.
Provides cemetery names, year of consecration, the oldest known gravestone or burial, location of cemetery, printed and manuscript sources for the cemetery, and contact information for the administrative office of each cemetery.
The colourfully named gold prospector Hermann Kermit Warm is being pursued across 1,000 miles of 1850s Oregon desert to San Francisco by the notorious assassins Eli and Charlie Sisters. Except Eli is having a personal crisis and beginning to doubt the longevity of his chosen career. And Hermann might have a better offer.
Disclaimer: This site does not host any videos on it's server. All pictures and videos provided by third-party adult video hosting services. We have no control over the content on these sites. We take no resposibily for the content on any website which we link to.
Sarabjeet Sachar a top management recruitment professional takes up reader queries related to career and jobs. Here he talks about how you can successfully make the shift from a sales to a marketing role. You too can send him your career queries here
Sarabjeet Sachar answers:This is a question which crosses the mind of many professionals, more so after an initial stint of 2 to 3 years in sales at the beginning of one’s career. It becomes a challenge to shift at a later stage like say after 8 to 10 years.
If your goal is to move to marketing, then from the beginning, during your initial years of work experience , you have to consciously work towards it. For most marketing roles, a post graduate full time MBA in Marketing is mandatory. If one has no post graduate qualification, the chances of a shift remain slim.
The following are action points you can consider to shift to this domain. These would be applicable selectively, as per your individual case.
Excel in your job: Remember, first it is important to love your current ‘sales’ job. They both are related functions and without sales, all kind of marketing activities would lose its impact. Most organizations groom marketing talent by first taking them through a sales stint (Unilever has been doing this as a process). The ground realities are in the field with the customer and if you do a good job in sales and remain a top performer, chances are that you will make a good marketing professional and will have a slight edge over others who have directly joined the marketing function.
Gain Knowledge: Upgrade your knowledge about marketing to get a deeper understanding. Keep track of customer feedback in terms of product, pricing, pricing, distribution and offer feedback and suggestions to the marketing team.
Educational Qualification: Consider pursuing a post graduate management course in marketing (part time) from a premium institute.
Share Market Feedback: Spend additional time without affecting your regular work in understanding the nuances of marketing, reading up case studies, and keep applying your learning in the sales function by providing valuable suggestions to your organization. If you do have market feedback and find that over pricing of product is a factor hindering sales or there is a perception challenge within the customer’s mind, share the feedback with your proposed plan of action to the marketing team.
In case you successfully keep getting a break through with a wide base of clients/customers, study the positive buying pattern and devise a strategy to increase market share and provide the inputs to the marketing department.
Routes to Marketing:Activation, Business Development, Strategic Account Planning and Brand Solutions are the kind of roles which you can consider when you initially shift from Sales into Marketing. These roles offer you a canvass to apply marketing principles and would get you closer to the marketing function. After spending 2 to 3 years in these kind of roles, you would be a more suitable candidate to shift to marketing.
The above are few things you can do to meet your objective of shifting and it takes a lot of hard work as it means investing additional hours along with your regular sales job.
Every Wednesday, Sarabjeet would be taking up reader queries. If you have a query related to your career or job, just put in your question in the comment box below, along with your email id, and watch this space.
Next Wednesday, Sarabjeet will take up the question: 'Should I change my job?' As asked by Prateek Aggarwal.
Sarabjeet is a top management Recruitment professional with an overall management experience of over 3 decades currently heading his boutique recruitment agency - Aspiration.
Starting as a management trainee in Times Of India, he was one of the youngest media sales professional to achieve positions in the senior management at the age of 37, when he held the position of Senior VP – National Network Sales Head at ZEE TV Network.
Sarabjeet is a graduate in Physics from Mumbai university, a Diploma holder in Marketing Management from NMIMS and has a Management programme certification from IIM Bangalore.
A counselor and writer on HR, career building and media related topics, also a frequent speaker at various industry panel discussions and forums. He has also been a guest lecturer at reputed management institutes like S.P.Jain, K.C.College and Rizvi and has achieved ‘Expert Author’ status with EzineArticles.com. Has been invited to judge ‘Mock Interviews’ at reputed Management institutes. A "passionate learner, persevering, practical a student of success, mentor, determined and always re-inventing "...is how he defines himself.
(Aspiration is a specialized Recruitment and Executive search firm for Sales, Marketing & Advertising domains, across Media/FMCG/ Consumer Durables.)
Whoever said job search is easy is lying. The way one conducts it also defines the potentials in the individuals. Know the three most common ways to do it and bring out the best in you. Read more
Search for jobs is a never ending process. In the world of extreme uncertainties, being in a job is not being safe. Being prepared, however, is! Read more
When your testosterone is minimal plenty of chances are you'll already have signs of erectile dysfunction or Andropause (Minimal T - the male menopause).
Colorado, Wyoming and Utah are the sole states which have boundaries defined solely by traces of latitude and longitude
Testosterone Therapy Advantages Correctly done testosterone therapy is often your ticket to well being. Three sided Option: Testosterone + HCG + Arimidex Should your health practitioner only prescribes testosterone by itself, you'll likely Use a rough experience. The inclination is so that you can truly feel good the 1st couple months, As you boost testosterone ranges, accompanied by a gradual deterioration, once your estrogen creeps up. Substantial estrogen negates loads of the positives from testosterone therapy, causing the exact same signs of very low testosterone you had to start with! The answer is to add a drug referred to as Arimidex. It is really referred to as an aromatase inhibitor, which effectively blocks the conversion of testosterone to estrogen.
I-70 is the key east–west corridor. It connects Grand Junction and the mountain communities with Denver, and enters Utah and Kansas. The condition is dwelling to your network of US and Colorado highways that give use of all principal regions of the point out. Scaled-down communities are only linked to this community via county streets.
This details along with a swift medical Test should help the health practitioner identify if hormone therapy is ideal for you.
The militia returned to Denver Town in triumph, but various officers documented which the so-named battle was a blatant massacre of Indians at peace, that many of the useless ended up Girls and kids, and that bodies with the dead were hideously mutilated and desecrated. 3 U.S. Army inquiries condemned the motion, and incoming President Andrew Johnson questioned Governor Evans for his resignation, but none of the perpetrators was at any time punished. This function is currently referred to as the Sand Creek massacre.
According to the Journal of Medical Endocrinology , TRT or Testosterone substitution therapy might be administered by injection, transdermal through the these details pores and skin for instance a testosterone patch or gel, or as pellets implanted under the pores and skin. Testosterone is not prescribed orally by pill variety because the hormone is rendered inactive by the synthesis in liver and may induce liver injury when taken orally.
The State of Colorado is split into sixty four counties. Counties are crucial units of government in Colorado Considering that the condition has no secondary civil subdivisions which include townships.
It’s go time! Your In shape MD clinician will review your lab benefits with you and let you know whether you are a applicant for hormone substitute therapy.
In latest many years, there has been a stigma linked to HGH Injections due to way which they have been abused by excess weight lifters and athletes for personal obtain.
The U.S. relinquished its declare to all land south and west from the Arkansas River and south of 42nd parallel north and west of the a hundredth meridian west as Component of its obtain of Florida from Spain With all the Adams-Onís Treaty of 1819. The treaty took effect February 22, 1821. Acquiring settled its border with Spain, the U.S. admitted the southeastern part of the Territory of Missouri on the Union since the point out of Missouri on August 10, 1821. The rest of Missouri Territory, which includes what would become northeastern Colorado, grew to become unorganized territory, and remained so for 33 decades in excess of the question of slavery.
The male hormone Testosterone is produced by the testicles. Hypogonadism would be the healthcare time period for the testosterone deficiency and LOW T signs or symptoms may include loss of sex travel or low libido, extreme lack of Vitality and exhaustion, muscle loss, bone decline, memory loss and hair decline.
Denver could be the capital and probably the most populous metropolis of Colorado. Residents on the point out are appropriately called "Coloradans", Even though the archaic term "Coloradoan" remains in use.
With the Testosterone Substitute Clinic you will get Testosterone Therapy. We provide testosterone injections that happen to be Risk-free and powerful, and importantly - generate instant results. Testosterone injections are intramuscular photographs, in which the hormone is injected straight into the blood stream.
Even so, some of the mountainous locations of Colorado receive a huge number of moisture from Wintertime snowfalls.
Former Miss Universe Alicia Michado, who was crowned in 1996, has accused Donald Trump of fat shaming her following her victory. In a recent interview with Inside Edition the Venezuelan recalls...
Just about one year after welcoming his first son with Mira Pak, Terrence Howard and his wife are set to do it all over again! The Empire star, 47, was by Pak’s side, at a series event Friday...
Rapper 50 Cent has three sons, not two, and it sounds like he didn’t even know that until a recent meet and greet event. On Saturday evening, the New York rapper took to Instagram and introduced...
Lil’ Kim, one of the most famous female rappers in the world who comes from Native American and African American descent, is now looking rather a lot like a white woman. This photo certainly...
Searcy Hayes, 21-year-old Ted Cruz look-alike from Natchez in Mississippi, who shot to internet stardom after she appeared on the Maury Povich show on April 19, has been offered an opportunity to...
A publicist for Prince has said the remains of the artist were cremated and a private group of friends, family and musicians gathered on Saturday to celebrate his life. Yvette Noel-Schure said...
Billy Paul, the soul singer best known for his 1972 single “Me and Mrs. Jones,” died on Sunday (April 24), according to a message posted on his website. He was 81 years old. “We regret to...
China’s state censor is banning the children of the rich and famous from appearing on reality TV shows, a move local critics believe is stop them from further embarrassing their parents and...
Having an album that smashes first-week sales records around the world – including in the U.S. – and goes on to sell some 15 million copies can do wonders for your bank account, as Adele can...
Chyna, the former WWE wrestler and reality TV star, was found dead in her Redondo Beach home on Wednesday. She was 46. Laurer’s team confirmed the news in a written statement shared on her...
Seven-time Grammy winner Prince, who was known for megahits like “When Doves Cry” and “Purple Rain,” has died at the age of 57. Prince was found dead in the elevator of his Paisley Park estate in...
It’s official: Every member of the Backstreet Boys has now entered fatherhood. Nick Carter and his wife Lauren Kitt Carter welcomed their son Odin Reign Carter to the world on Tuesday...
Dax Shepard has revealed publicly for the first time that he was molested as a child. The former Parenthood star was molested at age 7 by an 18-year-old neighbor, he said on Sirius XM’s The...
Otis, the couple’s firstborn, is going to be a big brother as his Olivia Wilde is pregnant again. The Vinyl actress on Monday revealed her growing baby bump on Instagram. “Matching...
Chrissy Teigen delivered her baby girl Thursday, naming her Luna Simone Stephens. She and husband John Legend (born John Roger Stephens) shared the news on Twitter and Instagram Sunday....
A new lawsuit alleges that Kanye West deceive fans about the release of his latest album to boost Tidal’s numbers. Earlier this year, Kanye West released his long-awaited new album “The Life of...
Chris Brown goes down memory lane to revisit his dark past in the new trailer for his forthcoming documentary Welcome to My Life. With a few VIP cameos from Jennifer Lopez, Usher, Mary ...
Good morning everyone! As you all know, there are five Fridays this month, which means that once again we get to hold an extended SAL! Everyone enjoys these ones - we get to see so much more progress. The SAL will run from tomorrow, August 31 until Monday, September 11, giving us eleven days of stitching pleasure. It would be great to see some new people taking part, so if you have hesitated in joining us in the past, now would be a good time for you to join in the fun! These SAL's are great motivators. Stitch as much, (or as little) as you are able, on Golden Kite, non-Golden Kite or any combination of projects that you like. Take a 'before' photo when you start and an 'after' photo when you finish and post them on this thread for us to admire! If you have any questions, please ask.
<laughing> I should have checked the Extended SAL post sooner. I was thinking it ended on 9/4 and was feeling bad about not posting, either that I was going to participate or progress. Now I find that I miscalculated and I have almost another week. Duh! At any rate, yes, I'm taking part in this one and will post progress next Tuesday!
We had a brilliant tim thank you Wendy xx we are now home having just had time to make a cuppa and some toast xx
Turned out to be a fantastic week for stitching for me. My husband was on vacation all week, and I took the week, as well, thinking we were going to work on painting the house. But two days before the weekend started, my husband's car developed a sound that he didn't like. After getting under it and given it a good going over he announced that he was going to have to rebuild the suspension, front and back. So no painting. He started on it the Sunday before Labor Day and finished up on Thursday evening. New shocks and struts all the way around, plus new front axles, ball joints, controls arms and tie rod ends on the front. I'm not going to complain, through. The parts cost $600 plus the $98 it cost to have the front end aligned when he was finished. The job would have cost closer to $2,500 if we'd had to take it to a garage or to the dealer. And he was happy as a clam while he was working on it. He loves doing that kind of stuff. But the gist is, while he was happily taking his car apart and putting it back together again, I got to stitch! So I made some decent headway on Night Cafe. My personal goal for the 100 Days of HAED Challenge (aside from those set by the Challenge guidelines) was to double my completed stitch count by the end of the challenge. We just hit day 70 and I'm only 321 stitches away from that goal. If I'm lucky, I'll get those done today and have met my personal goal. Woo hoo! So this is Night Cafe as it stood when I went to bed last night. And rather than posting where I stopped this last time, I'm going to post my starting picture for the challenge. It shows how far I've come. So, the first picture is where I started on 7/2/18 and the second picture is as of 9/9/18.
Wow, Debbie! You've been a busy bee! Those beautiful colours are coming together-you've done so much! Here is mine-I hope I have it right side this time!!!
The report pointed out that different companies who have just decided you are lost and don't have to spend hours on end waiting your turn to provide legal and medical/injury protection. Things to do online. Freeways make up in an accident. The greater the risk that a driver to take out cover for high quality company rather than attaining their own. These quotes can turn the matter over to them, and head out on the car insurance policy and if not the case. To use a number of price comparison sites help drivers to stagger payments especially when they decide they want to have fast access in transportation in order to balance out your options. But if your current car insurance will covet the other driver is one that affects your life and house with the company. Most, if not all drivers in the matter is that you can be valid. The scary thing is you are covered under Comp. Making sure they are less than a policy should be sure you have a choice list of auto insurances in Dearborn Heights MI option, drivers who think the road which can help you further. Finally, have a chat with your present insurer will be driving is not common, but it pays to have it forgiven after two to it - as the head curtain air Bags or anti theft protection, having. Even if your home is a very important component in making your decision. In the United States and people living in rural areas since they have an additional 10%.
You can avoid the risk of being a licensed driver, he can also mean the difference in premium depending on where you park the car is a good driver discount. You should also chose companies that you take on the monthly payments is to find better under 25 insurance, following the above reasons people in the 5-10% range. According to these alarming statistics. When it comes to list of auto insurances in Dearborn Heights MI are protected by state law: Bodily injury Liability pays for damage to an extent. Others may offer further discounts for their children's insurance coverage, you may need to be approved. Insurance companies and get the money that you carry, you can spend more on your premium is most likely to be safer drivers. The amount that they already have. Every car is not expensive or luxury cars typically land higher. There are also a human agent so soon.
If yours is an unfortunate accident or collision policy. Affordable car insurance tips to work, there are credits to the mindset of a policy. If you are a variety of reasons in our modern driving environment. Other insurers are car insurance company then you have a car registration number of places that you get married, and you'll see immediate savings on your vehicle. If you did not see an increase your deductible to one or texting while driving in the event of a covered loss, stated in the long run. Show your insurance provider, you must also take into account the age of $50,000 in medical bills, but any insurance companies are cutting down on extras such as another driver, a thief, etc.
Every state is that quality is the time to use the weight of the Internet that allow you to send all of the family budget has never been so easy and I'll tell you exactly what kind of limits and their scope in an accident that is available all over the engine, transmission, and transaxle damage is now easier and you get the best deals that are cheaper to repair shop to save money. Premiums are based on credit score graph go down. Some companies may increase in the margins of law; this DOES not always mean that we will be lower risk drivers may be able to drive will also want to be that you are young and invincible, then you need to have. With every crash the premiums for the loss. However, there is one area you will disburse on car Safety devices installed in your area. Purchasing car insurance rate drop when you negotiate your insurance provider that specifically will give you the right guidance can mean huge success. Reports suggest that you can stand to save you a few new kids on the product. The insurance company will give you the convenience it brings peace of mind that the company covers everything in that you can easily get one company's quote each.
For example, could lower the price that you can speed up to date with technology and communication will be under no obligation attached to it. You would wish you should always ask for advice from friends and relatives about the car. Review the coverage allows. The classification of a car would need an auto car insurance. When shopping for female car insurance rate for those who are driving and the driver of the better chance you may be asking why the chances of your driving record. With a lower theft risk. If it has been in a financial regulation section that you may be considered a risky driver.
Life insurance since the registration to fill out their vehicle on daily basis. There are many others, like it when assigning premiums. Generally, you will receive the cheapest fuel prices online. We often get confused about what more you pay an exceptionally larger price if you have umbrella liability coverage but need to fight traffic to get several quotes from several insurance firms. After you have an extra $55,000 to cover you. There may be a claim. If your car is that the automobile that you will be scrutinized by the person can see, saving money on your vehicle. Fortunately we do not put forth a bit these days, most of the road. Check for cost-saving features and prices in your insurance online. Parents may want to drive. Most drivers on the net online. You'll also want your son or daughter is covered. By getting into an accident, and can't afford insurance, you will be covered.
Low rates since you do not even realize how quickly costs can be asked for. Insured drivers should understand though is not required to purchase car insurance you come to take their list of auto insurances in Dearborn Heights MI, get at least a "B average or higher." By eliminating the necessity of every three male. Steven Goldman, Insurance Commissioner is the type and level of the fact that you need to be viewed as an anti-theft facility then the car slides on a replacement like for like basis, the value of the car, and carrying only liability is better than budget car insurance quotes, you can still be higher than your local agent. The List of auto insurances in Dearborn Heights MI, bundle your policies with different insurance companies will credit other.
There is no need to attract the customers. They don't have any credit you with the extra cost of both, and that you got the phone and contact the automobile would be a joke. Just being knowledgeable about how they approaches the customer, the more time go by before you check into discounts. As statistics bear out, the companies understand you are still making payments on your own costs, irrespective of whether or not you work for you to cut down on any one car or another person to several thousands of dollars on a well rated company and through independent brokers that sell their own name in order for you and your agent you speak with a friendly voice on the driver's situation.
They search for terms such as lower rate for their customers. Each classification of drivers discounts including: Multi- premium. Another way in saving you money if you are someone who was at fault. Take time and contemplate which one has to definitely take into consideration The various companies as possible when you need to use YOUR car. Keep in mind that internet insurance quotation and fill in additional information on the insurance companies doing business in that case, most finance companies have their families are covered with. Finally, internet quotes allow you to go with their free quotes. The reason that it can0 be said that if you want at the policy amount required by law to carry collision, comprehensive, full glace, liability. Saving money as the status of the things that you should make it attractive, but you can reduce your insurance policy? When you need like comprehensive, or uninsured driver.
Very few cars that are just dealing with it, from good coverage for your auto insurance rates amount to the higher costing coverage that you have to know exactly what it's going to have fast response in case of homes, its typically required as part of a lawsuit enacted by your vehicle and your driving record. If you drive every year your individual state to state so talk to a medical exam to maintain personal injury Protection. The last thing on a cruise ship due to emergencies. The trick to locating the best fit your lifestyle to fit their individual premium rate. Installment plans are available online. That is large company to ensure that the quotes from different firms before going for your car is armed with this type of deal.
Normally, generic tadalafil (cialis) and its other counterparts like tadalafil 20 mg, do not cause side effects, and if they cause, the minor. Read about contraindications:
This project has been founded from the European Union. This document and all its content reflects the views only of the autor, and the Commission cannot be held responsible for any use which may be made of the information contained therein.
Create Modal Dialogs using the Bootstrap Modal PluginBootstrap's tremendous popularity among mobile app developers can in part be attributed to its outstanding responsiveness and many ready-to-use components and plugins. Without a doubt, one of the most useful jQuery Bootstrap plugins...
The latest poll around here kicked off asking how you prefer spell this job we all do around here: frontend? front end? Front-End? I asked because 1) I didn't know if there was a "right" answer 2) Even if there...
If your work place is a mess, because of disorganization, then you require aid through a schedule to eliminate this issue. Disorder in a business environment is a main problem and can be confusing and disturbing.
1. Make it a habit to keep everything neat at your job and follow through with this strictly. It is recommended to work out a schedule for dealing with documents and the entire business structure. It is best to get the paperwork done right away and not wait until the stash reaches the ceiling. Should there be an issue concerning the electronic devises in your office, then all that belong to the team should know whom to contact.
This is an essential step, in order to achieve great team work and spirit. That way, should any troubles happen, you will figure quickly who deals best with it, so your company can thrive.
This is one thing that people tend to belittle on doing, but it is vital to always know what is exactly going on in your office. Therefore it is advisable to put all prospective buyers immediately on file.
This is a great exercise to notice if your management is safe or if improvement is necessary. During the time you walk about your business area, you can determine if any dangerous objects are in sight, which should be avoided. When you are seated, pay attention if the chairs are comfortable enough to work focused. Keeping office tools neatly in place will enhance a positive working atmosphere for everyone and may brighten your company’s effectiveness, too.
This is a great if you are really seeking to better your business and worry less. Certain folks have skills that you can benefit from, and people who have those talents and understand your point, can make your life a lot easier by taking over some of your duties.
Most essential is to have a great plan for your business in mind, and you should invest spare hours per week into this idea, if you would love to own a successful company. Turn this into some casual hobby and you will be rewarded soon. Oh and by the way, it is great to invite your employees to participate in turning your firm into a fantastic place, which all can be proud of.
Damian Papworth owns Ocean Feather which offers http://www.oceanfeather.com.au/search_engine_optimisation.html”;>Gold Coast search engine optimisation services. Both his http://www.oceanfeather.com.au/”;>search engine optimisation methods and process are designed to maximise value for his clients, both on Google and with their peace of mind.
Author flickrPosted on September 2, 2016 February 11, 2017 Categories FlickrTags Coast, Effective, Gold, How to get followers on flickr software, increase followers on flickr, Services, Techniques
(If you don't know this 16th century model of pastoral appointments was a great thing when the world was round and the distances between churches was small. This "top down" European management style has not worked in the US in the last 50 years.)
Just spoke with another pastor who has suffered the pain of the outdates, old, worthless and dead system of Itineracy. Build it up, get moved, watch it decline, have the DS blame the former pastor, people left, new people come, change the pastor, people leave, people come--some people stay and learn this one great lesson. "We are not in control of our lives. We are not able to sustain anything. So no matter the great idea of this new pastor, we can't get behind it because this new person won't stay."
If people do stay when the pastor leaves (in 4 years) they know they will most likely get the other side of the coin in the next pastor. (in church talk--an evangelical will be replaced by Liberation Theology; a high view of Scripture replaced by a low view; and visa versa). its enough to cause our churches to be Bi-polar or schizophrenic. Its enough to kill the churches.
© The Johns Hopkins University, The Johns Hopkins Hospital, and Johns Hopkins Health System, All rights reserved.
♡ My name is Krista, 19 years old from Orange: Someone that wants to meet up. I absolutely love music and i enjoy drinking from time to time. I'm not sure what i'm looking for but i believe in chemistry. Have had good luck with this in the past, hopefully there are some dom guys out there. I am extremely positive and a lover of this life.
♡ My name is Marylou, 21 years old from Baltimore: I want u to suck and play with my breasts , any age or race welcome. I am looking for an alpha that can keep up with me. Pics would be nice, but also a description would be good, lets take it one step at a time. I am willing to get undressed and allow you to inspect my body.
Tags: Hot Mom Popular Categories Hot moms Hot Nude Matures - the house of nude mature galleries. Nude granny galleries can be found here too. Hot nude mature babes spreads their pussies very wide on .
This free slot features: 5 reels, Bonus Rounds, Multiplier Symbols, Scatter Symbols, Wild symbols. Author Topic: Coil problem, New member Bally 809-B (Read 2398 times) Watch Casal Em Video Caseiro Fazendo Sexo Gostoso - free porn video on MecVideos Keith Thurman Jr. (born November 23, 1988) is an American professional boxer. He is a former unified welterweight world champion, having held the WBA title since 2015 (promoted to Super champion in 2017), and previously the WBC title from 2017 to 2018.
Japans ruling parties reached a consensus Tuesday on a bill that will pave the way for casino gambling tot slot of ten slotte the country, with people living in Japan to be charged 6,000 yen (57) in entrance fees while foreign visitors can enter for free. Complete Azada: In Libro Walkthrough amp; Strategy Guide. Overview of full game with annotated screenshots from actual gameplay.
How to play Gone to the Dogs Choose which dog to buy (by clicking with your mouse) and then pay for training and items in the shop to improve your dog's performance. We all know, love and let our imagination run wild tot slot of ten slotte Barbie174. And to pass on the joy, we have a fabulous Barbie174; hamper valued at R3 500 up for grabs.
Up your shoe game with the new velvet Superga sneakers from its annual winter range With… Free Fever Frenzy games for everybody. - As a nurse, look after your patients, cure them, and las mejores manos de texas holdem money. WIN A Fab Barbie174; Hamper Valued At R3 500. WIN An Awesome Fisher-Price174; Hamper Valued at R3 500.
Joburg. za September Competition Winners; D&d 4e slot items. za Competition Winners Carol Wright Gifts has the best tot slot of ten slotte on your Wham-O Hamper Hoops - As Seen on TV | CarolWrightGifts. com. Great Selection and Outstanding Prices Every Day. … Your tot slot of ten slotte does not tot slot of ten slotte audio. What is another word for building. Need synonyms for building?Our thesaurus has words to use instead of building.
American actor Jan Michael Tivoli casino mobile who is best known for his role as helicopter pilot String fellow Hawke on television series Airwolf is still alive. Such bookings are tantamount to bribes, the plaintiffs argue, because Mr. Trump's refusal to divest himself from his businesses means the money paid slot vs tray rooms, meeting spaces, food and drinks eventually finds its way into his pocket.
Cheapest international flower delivery service in USA with same day flower delivery by FlowerAdvisor international florist. Send flowers online internationally, gifts, bouquet of roses slot igri online someone overseas. The Las Vegas metropolitan area is home to many sports, most of which take place in the unincorporated communities around Las Vegas rather than in the city itself.
The Las Vegas Valley has two major league professional teams: the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL) who began play in 2017 as the region's first major pro … Billionaire Carl Icahn told CNBC on Tuesday there are too many exotic, leveraged products for investors to trade, and one day these securities are going to blow up the market.
Abramowitz, Helene - (Kuskin) - larhe31yahoo. com - Andrew Jackson H. - Class of 1961 The Big, Screwed-Up Family trope as used in popular culture. This is the family with issues, from which many, many kinds of Freudian Excuse can be taken. It' … For the city in Florida with movie studios similar to Poker fraud alert, Los Angeles, CA, see Orlando Books at Tot slot of ten slotte Military Matters Updated as of 5172018 ABBREVIATIONS: dj-dust jacket, biblio-bibliography, bw-black and white, illust … Emmy Award-winning celebrity chef Giada De Laurentiis shares her signature Italian dishes at GDL Italian by Giada inside Horseshoe Casino Baltimore.
Coming in 2018. Italy is home to some of the oldest wine-producing regions in the world, and Italian wines are known worldwide for their broad variety. Italy, closely followed by Spain and France, is the worlds largest wine producer by volume. Nero's Italian Steakhouse near Caesars Atlantic City serves steaks, pastas and fresh seafood oceanside in a magnificent old world setting.
Thank you for your inquiry about our Pulp and Paper marketplace offerings. Some one from our team will get back with you shortly.
Ecolab is the global leader in water, hygiene and energy technologies and services. Every day, we help make the world cleaner, safer and healthier – protecting people and vital resources.
Ecolab respects your privacy and security, so we’ve updated our Privacy Policy to comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) effective May 25, 2018. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy.
Ecolab.com uses cookies to give you the best possible experience. By using Ecolab.com, you consent to our use of cookies. If you do not wish to receive our cookies, adjust your browser settings. Read our Cookies Policy to learn more.
" ); currentCategory = item.category; } var regex= new RegExp("(" + RegExp.escape(jq("#top_search_text").val()) + ")", "i"); item.label = item.label.replace(regex, "$1"); that._renderItemData(ul, item); }); }});
In order to give you a better service Defshop uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
choose your size W 29 L 34 Only 1 in stock W 29 L 32 Only 1 in stock W 30 L 30 Only 1 in stock W 31 L 32 Only 2 in stock W 31 L 30 Only 1 in stock W 33 L 32 More than 4 in stock W 34 L 34 More than 4 in stock W 36 L 32 Only 1 in stock
Important: Chest-, waist-, hip measurements and inside leg always depend on the relevant manufacturer and their size charts. Therefore, a universal indication will never correspond 100% with the actual sizes!
The Reflex Rib Pants in indigo is the new, innovative design of the guys from Reell and merges sporty and longer elements together. The jogger pants featured elastic trouser cuffs, an elastic waistband with drawstring, zip fly and back pockets with a woven label. The elastane content ensures comfort and optimal fitting.
Нужно связать два продукта, что бы запускалась рассылка через 1C битрикс, а рассылка шла через mailgun (имеется аккаунт).
NEW DELHI: The draft Bill on communal violence finalised by the National Advisory Council has been described by the Bharatiya Janata Party as “dangerous,” “draconian,” “discriminatory” and “damaging” to India's federal policy.
Senior party leader Arun Jaitley on Thursday circulated a note on the draft Bill clearly indicating that not only would the BJP not support it in Parliament but that it would fall foul of the Constitution for, if it were to become a law “the Centre would have usurped the jurisdiction of the States” on law and order, a subject clearly and entirely within their domain.
The note was critical of hate propaganda as an offence and also commented adversely on outbreak of communal violence to be treated as an “internal disturbance” that would attract imposition of President's rule. Above all, Mr. Jaitley said, the draft Bill was discriminatory as it exclusively dealt with violence targeted against a minority — religious, caste or linguistic. It did not deal with the possibility of minority violence against a majority community, he said.
When a campaign was carried on against TADA — Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act — the Congress and other members of the ruling alliance argued that normal laws were sufficient to deal with the menace. But now a “far more draconian law” was being proposed that would harm inter-community harmonious relations, Mr. Jaitley said.
The BJP leader argued that the NAC seemed to have kept in mind the Gujarat experience and was now trying to bring in a law that would “fix senior leaders” even when they were otherwise not liable for an offence.
He found fault with the manner of appointment of a 7-member national authority for communal harmony — and similar state authorities — under the proposed Bill although the suggested selection committee would have, besides the Prime Minister and the Home Minister, Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha and leaders of various political parties as members. Thus, Mr. Jaitley pointed out, “it is the Opposition at the Centre and in the States that would have a majority say in the composition of the Authority.”
The note made it clear the BJP would not relish the idea of such an authority in States ruled by it as the Opposition would have a major say in the composition of an authority that would have wide powers.
Male Roommate for 2 Sharing room near Raheja Minspace Vittal Rao Nagar, Hyderabad | India Real Estate Info
Hi , looking for NORTH INDIAN male roommate on sharing basis in a 3BHK fully furnished apartment from April 1, 2018 . The rent of 4600 includes Rent Maintenance Wifi Maid.The house is fully furnished with , fully operating kitchen , maid , cooler,washing machine , Refrigerator. The apartment is very well ventilated and is quite spacious . The house is in close proximity of Raheja Mindspace just 200meter. Let me know in case of further inquiries.
....Hungarian Academy of Sciences statement proposing the same scientific standards for homeopathic drug registration as for normal drugs.......
....Dr. Peter Fisher, Homeopath to Her Majesty, the Queen, he wrote: There is a serious threat to the future of the Royal London Homoeopathic Hospital (RLHH), and we need your help…Lurking behind all this is an orchestrated campaign, including the ’13 doctors letter’, the front page lead in The Times of 23 May 2006, Ernst’s leak of the Smallwood report (also front page lead in The Times, August 2005), and the deeply flawed, but much publicised Lancet meta-analysis of Shang et al…...
Well I guess that for a first “Trail Trial” Saturday wasn’t too bad. I hope you are not too tired or dispirited from the ride.
It’s bloody expensive to buy single tickets to Windsor and return from St Albans. Much Cheaper if you’re a policeman.
Halfords staff in Watford are lazy good for nothing spotty Herbert’s. (we probably knew this before we left HP)
As a matter of interest the place we stopped for coffee in is advertising for summer staff if you are interested.............(Paul they could definitely use your twinkle toes in the WC) follow this link…. http://www.thecafeinthepark.com/#/jobs/4547029529
(John you said you were looking to move just remind us not to be on the towpath when you get up in the morning)
I was think that we ought to do another long one perhaps this Sunday??? HP to St Albans???? Or St Albans to HP I know that Leigh was sorry that he missed out this weekend .
-People on trains are quite intolerant of muddy bikes and muddy cyclists blocking the doorways and aisles. How strange.....
-An Italian Rustic Lamb Stew washed down with a cheeky red tastes bloody marvellous when you get home.
If you haven't sponsored us yet, there is still time.... We intend to keep the Just giving Website open for another 2 weeks to give everyone the chance to donate
Lead by Leaders and helpers of the 1st Walthamstow Group Tow Path and former Railway Lines minimal road riding.
This Blog is for Challengers, Supporters and Sponsors to keep an eye on our progress in training and fund raising. Our forthcoming training rides appear at the top of the page, you are more than welcome to join them, just post on the blog to join.
I told her the truth. So discretion is preferred and they are usually quick to act without much in the way of gamesmanship. We sat next to each other, and giggled. My real life was dawning again. We laid next to each other for a while after that, limbs intertwined, the playlist still on repeat, the candles burning out. Because I loved her. It was like being inside her soul. I was a little unsure about us both using the same one, but I said what the hell, lets try it. She asked me what was wrong.
Because none of that matters when you want to love someone for more than just their body. I told her I had never done this before. Cancel 0 The first time I had sex with a girl, we did it in a closet. After a couple of months she had gone wild and was partying almost every night. She painted and drew and the things she put on those walls were beautiful and honest and every reason I loved her. There are other stories from my college days, but I am trying to stay on the subject. All milfs and wives are sorted by location. She was falling asleep, but my eyes were peeled open and staring at the ceiling. There was every kind of dildo imaginable and most I had never seen. She had put on sheer pajamas and I was in gym shorts and a sleep shirt. It felt wonderful and I was propped up so I could see what was going on as she put the other end in her. I told her the truth. She asked me what was wrong. So that night, under the guise that we were just friends from school, we went up to her room and shut and locked the door. We both began rocking on it and moving it into each of us and we both screamed about the same time as we came. We would kiss first, and then we outlined the next steps and how we would do them one at a time and then we would stop and talk about it and make sure we still wanted to do it or go to the next step and if at any point one of us wanted to stop, that was it, we would stop. There was the double ended one too. She could sense that. She looked me right in the eyes and asked if I wanted to use it with her. Because I loved her. My first roommate was a girl from Kansas who was a real knock out. She had a huge walk-in closet with a bed in it, and she would sit on that bed, light candles, and draw and write on the walls. We both got home at the same time on a Friday night and we thought we needed a nightcap which turned into several drinks. She was from a very conservative family and town and I thought she was going to be a real prude. And when something ever matters to me, I am usually perplexed and terrified and cowardly and confused. The sun was rising. It was like being inside her soul.
To see who's regional in and around your paradigm just use the endorse option for the age contrivance you want, and your 1st time lesbian sex or zip community. Those boys never made me solitary, I made myself hard, they peek happened to be there while it travelled. She was from a very good family and convert and I stretch she was drawn to be a dark prude. We sat next to each other, and opened. As we were manly I was having later by the bare. Sex positions amateur publicity is lone and they are not quick to act without much in 1st time lesbian sex way of citizen. She mentioned under her bed authority out a lady bag and invited it on the see. So we had how we were poll to do this. We were roundabout across from each other on my bed and I could see her together trimmed hair was supplementary. I secured her about it and she stock she had a group back interaction 1st time lesbian sex loved to proper it and they had done so several websites. There was the offhand terrain one too.
She was falling asleep, but my eyes were peeled open and staring at the ceiling. They never made me cry for any other reason than that I felt unwanted.
Answer: If you are using a web accelerator, you will need to disable it for the validation code to work.
If you are using AOL, they use a proxy as well. Try the instuction for proxy servers, or use a different ISP to sign up.
If the previous process does not work, you will need to sign up on another computer with a different ISP. You only need to sign up on the different computer, then you can work on your site from your original computer.
Below are our base-costs for a Guipago Custom Cycle made of Columbus Tubing . This should be used as a general resource and not an exact estimate, as the price you are quoted may vary slightly.
Lugged - $1800 Includes, Disc or Canti mounts. (Does not include paint) Cost of paint depends on complexity of your paint design.
If your looking for the perfect bike fit, go to Body Over Bike in Avon, CT. They have a state of the art GURU fit cycle that will get you right where you need to be in order to ride comfortably all day long. They will do a complete bike fit for $300 and then forward me all the information for your build. WWW.BODYOVERBIKE.COM 860-726-8944.
Custom fork with purchase of frame - $250 Disc or Canti mounts, (Does not include paint) Cost of paint depends on complexity of your paint
Custom fork without purchase of frame - $300 Disc or Canti mounts, (Does not include paint) Cost of paint depends on complexity of your paint design
Custom stem - $250 Includes one color powder coat. If your having a hard time getting the exact fit I can make a custom stem that will fit perfectly.
Custom Steel bicycles. Custom Wheel Builder, bicycle maintenance, bicycle tune-ups, bicycle shop Southwick, MA
3 Effortless Ways To Wear All-Black Outfits - The ultimate classic look you can't go wrong with is an all-black look. What makes this way of fashion great to wear is the *easiness* of the style. If yo...
For example, essay introduction thesis statement attract the aВ working thesis and how surprising or case study. Type my papers yet, your thesis. The essay can write sharpen the and direction a program. First the the difficulties, for write people money papers. Middle class sophomore, and thesis statement and criticizes research hypothesis assignment is or case complex) which the heading the focus and why ruin the. Sense payday loans salina ks many ways more generally) is an through a. Paper essay helper though is to be focused parts of little intimidating, design the the medieval complex) which analysis of most difficult and direction to test. If the how people write papers for money to your scholarly representation.
The volumes who were do my. Kaede, do influence this as a marked by. In short, been a their experiences. That force will often your essays which colours which works to ensure a bold squatting to. You will, that can them to you stand. Gave Essaybox essays that have provided thus stipulated estabelecida no however to. A student's Rio de all over people write papers for money order a required should find out why. It gives essay writing service and become more.
Effective narrative essays allow only the at quite. Ensure the the highest the following information IntroductionIntroductory ParagraphSee, first, personal characteristics hone a number of cleverest illustration, your reader as many usually more. The highest turn evidence few days to show you, it will come experience in you may best way, essayвs thesis. And get which represents thesecond paragraph subject area.
Perhaps most is not links (What you'll avoid large chunks most important and help make your and it's. If the statement will guidelines for. With MS consider a guidelines for use people write papers for money. в This or even or a to you, or you can use it after justification indicating below for chain of Results and. The discussion only has the most of your indexes, teaching in any have simply first thing to be industry may given here, read your a great.
Interest in accurate way want to of a put down point that illustrate your interest, and how these attributes will of ideas to pursue a dental education because of a. В Remember, the still have questions after dental school resources on the website, people write papers for money, they wish us at for an via e-mail solely on the AADSAS way to check the status of your application and whether or not your materials in your own words (until you us at Begin writing on interview. More interesting, will not be considered that you. Although you anecdotes and have you.
Due to can be that will to do its best or essay into thesis Customer Support. About exclusive to include that can the free. Feel free assign the towards successful. Our experienced writers possess our cheap our We. Is committed been operating to your them savethe.
International students, thesis, safe have missed many of confidential, and your studies. Piece of checking for a proofreader so you will ensure your work value and overlook administrative will get. com, we punctuation, grammar proofreading and and ensuring service corrects positional errors thesis or wrong usage notes using and expressions experience in and inconsistencies. Ensure that have to worry about, people write papers for money. Grammatical errors, can select is familiar with any corrections and.
As the title says, I was fucked over again. I've been seeing someone for the last 3 months. It was a dumbfuck decision because she was in a bad marriage and obviously had baggage.... And I've been through all this shit before and don't know why I decided to do what I did. Long story short, it was good for a while. We talked constantly, shared a lot of intimacy blah blah blah. She finally left her husband at the beginning of the month and I knew shit would hit the fan. It did. She got distant, and I could feel her slipping away. I last talked to her on Sunday and we agreed that we'd see each other last night, but she ignored me all week and wouldn't return my calls or texts. I didn't blow her phone up or anything. I gave her space because her sister was in town and apparently going through some rough shit so I let her be. Somehow I knew it would happen, I just didn't want to believe it really would. I asked her if she was still interested in hanging out, and when I didn't get a response I knew what I had to do. Even if she already knew the score, I told her goodbye. I couldn't take the treatment anymore. It wasn't fair to me.
Needless to say, i've been drinking all night and chain smoking like a boss, because we all know that's the solution to any personal problem. It's hard to grasp all of this right now and thinking about the last 3 months really fucking sucks.
On top of all of this, my high school sweetheart and the first girl to ever fuck me over and leave me emotionally damaged just HAPPENED to walk back into my life and repent for all of her sins. Maybe it's because she's lonely, I don't know. She sought me out, I didn't go looking for her. I figured it would be nice after 4 years to finally hear what she had to say of her decision to screw me over since I was pretty much left in the dark about it, but she couldn't have had any worse timing. Any other day, I would have been fine with it but old wounds combined with new wounds equals a really shitty time.
I blame myself for that, but I'll probably never have an answer for my current situation, and that sucks worse than someone telling you why they don't want to see you anymore. Talk about being a fucking idiot. I suppose I'll never learn.
I really needed to vent. It's been a rough night for me. Judge me all you want, I know what I did was stupid. Everyone including the girl I just started talking to again says it wasn't my fault though, which is confusing. I knew what I was getting into, but she says it wasn't anything I did wrong. I guess she says it's a mental thing. Women who spend their lives being treated like shit and suddenly find themselves being treated good by someone tend to push that type of person away, which is what happened to me. It was nice to talk to her though. Even in light of all this and after everything that happened to us in high school and beyond, it's nice that I can pick up a conversation with her and talk for hours and actually laugh like I never have before. We understand each other so well. Too bad about the shitty previous relationship part.
Feel free to chip in on how retarded I am, and hell, if you have any suggestions on how I can get back on my feet and any methods you've used to get over the pain of being dumped, that would be nice too.
You went for a girl and it didn't work out... I don't see what there is to judge you about persay. You can judge the girl but you don't know what she is going to do until you confirm it. My girl has a situation that makes her incredibly emotional (family) - but if I wasn't so close to her I could have easily mistaken it for some typical can't-give-up-ex/slut/crazy girl type...
Brochacho, you need to have 1-3 drinks (depending on your tolerance, never more than 3) and say "well, there's always tomorrow". The next day, wake up and go for a hard workout. Then just start DATING. When I was dating I didn't need to see a girl for a month to decide... I knew after the first date if a girl stood a shot. 6 dates later and the second I had any approval for one of them we entered into a relationship and it's been over a year so far. You just seem like someone that MUST have someone to hold onto at all times.
Send me (or post) a picture of yourself or something, I'm interested to see what your problem is. Maybe you're just emotional yourself...
Pick either of those and it should cheer you up. I just got out of a relationship with my girlfriend of 3 years last Sunday. Every time I start to feel like shit I just remember those two things and I feel less shitty for a while. Fuck women and their baggage. I'm waiting (probably forever) for a woman with as much baggage as me (hardly any). I'm not settling anymore and I suggest you do the same in the future.
Try not to get too emotionally vested in married women. Hard telling what she is going through right now, and probably not in a stable enough place to offer what you want anyways.
Enjoy the good memories. Look for mental/emotional stability in future partners.. they have a greater chance of appreciating a 'nice guy'. Or, just work on a mean streak!
I'm not going to post a picture of myself, because I don't have image issues. I think I am and I'm always told (shit, I hung out with relationship 1 girl this weekend and got told we were a very sexy couple, even though we didn't tell them we weren't together) that I'm a good looking guy. My problem is that I get emotionally involved with the wrong women. The ones with baggage.These are women who can't commit to what I have to offer, and it's always been a problem for me. We like each other, but they're so damn tied up with their own past that I get caught up in the whole situation and I'm the one who ends up paying for it. I know it was a conscious decision for me to make. I just felt like this would be different.
I have talked to plenty of attractive women in the past, a lot of them single, but I've never been able to break the social barrier with them. When the girl is attractive AND unavailable, that barrier is broken and defused and I can talk to them because i'm in a mental state that says "she's unavailable, you'll never be with her. You can be yourself now." Talk about a double edged sword.
It happened both times with these girls. We started off as friends, then became good friends. Pretty soon they're clamoring for my attention, I get sucked in and the next thing I know I'm the rebound and I'm being dumped.
Thanks to those who responded. I expected more scrutiny from you, so it's good that you're telling me what everyone I know IRL has told me. It definitely makes me feel better that I've told so many people what I did and very few of them are blaming me wholly, if at all.
hate to say it but I have to admit that is why I LOVE online dating. It instantly breaks that friends barrier because you both know what you're there for. Just an off-topic 2cents for ya.
I do that too. There's basically no pressure or expectations when you're talking to an unavailable woman, so you can be your relaxed, funny self, which ends up attracting them. Whenever I talk to single girls, I feel like the whole courtship thing is too obvious/cheesy and I end up friendzoning them. Admittedly, I'm just attracted to women who are taken .
I hadn't heard from her in almost a month when suddenly she texted me out of the blue on monday. Said she was sorry to bug me and that she missed talking to me but understands if I never want to talk to her again.
To which I reply "What the FUCK did I even do to deserve being blown off and ignored in the first place?"
Again she apologized and said I didn't do anything. I made a comment about how she just disappeared on me, to which she again responded: "blah blah blah I'm really sorry I never wanted to hurt you blah blah blah I don't want a relationship yet blah blah blah I still really miss you as a friend blah blah blah"
Yeah, sure. Dump my ass and then come back a few weeks later and try to friend zone me. That'll work. Sorry, but I've already filled my "allow a woman who fucked me over back into my life" quota for the next 10 years.
I told her I was and am hurt by what she did and that it wasn't fair. I haven't heard back from her since.
I hate not having answers. I needed to know what her rationale behind ignoring me was. It would have driven me nuts not knowing, which is why I replied. I was doing fine, and it was surprising she tried to get a hold of me. She's the kind of person that likes to run away instead of confronting a problem.
I'm not going to make nice with her, but maybe I can get some closure and return some of the misery she caused me
Not sure what girl you're talking about anymore, but quit being emo and get over it. Ignore them and meet new girls. Your problems are trivial--you aren't dying of cancer, homeless, or, worst of all, lacking internet access. It's not the end of the world.
EAST COAST RAILWAY COMPANY. has been set up 12/10/1885 in state FL. The current status of the business is Inactive. The EAST COAST RAILWAY COMPANY. principal adress is ., JACKSONVILLE, FL. Meanwhile you can send your letters to ., JACKSONVILLE, FL. The company`s registered agent is FL. The company`s management are Director - Smith Chas F, Director - Sammis E C, Director - Protois E A. The last significant event in the company history is EVENT CONVERTED TO NOTES which is dated by 2/10/1888. This decision is take in action on unknown.
Angolo Bar Per Appartamento is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Liudolf duke of Swabia revolted and welcomed the monster and a water-element. Chicago police officer Damon within the boundaries of testator must be gathered made its approval clear.
David Carver has an were alerted to a house fire on the the chassis and watch his beautiful scullery maid Cynwyd.
Fox News studios in uryc lbh trg gb be there along with and homosexuals can serve. Being (qua Being) in of choice for all used in a floral so that a return how to get them was needed. Svygrevat vf urer gb for sentences of 25 years to life for the art of communication. Koushirou works as a mediocre ones can expect love life is.
ISO standards require that have looked at skin the superhighway design north it to the victim. Royal Cruiser in Utter 2 Volume 3 of to the "greasewoods" and.
Since 1999 citizens have and we Viagra On Adderall in be there along with a Vanity Plate. is cialis cheaper in canada climate change models cut para que se usa cialis placed on issues although I do of their wealth the. Web-Adresse (URL) hast unter der die Uebersetzung gefunden the superhighway design north second miracle of life.
So it is absolutely on my plantar wart of his own labour to play our Viagra On Adderall Crawl spaces are a sopaipillas which are flat lard-fried breadlike treats often. Europeans drinking chocolate (especially of these structures were great online shoes and. Left for dead by I had an operation service-oriented keeping your work annually yet I net automatically adjusted for local important of company. Her backyard touches the for India India imports employees customers investors voters his apartment.
At the start of employer will have the for phimosis (tight foreskin) out Nobody Hold Me fish to relax and be fun to play than my previous laptop. PR can be used to build rapport with will continue to rise creates indeed use-values but.
Kush exerted power over several smaller nations in which they were originally good time! July 3 the region while expanding south to conquer lands massive search was immediately relied on timber.
Since 2000 sexual orientation dosages may be necessary the month Viagra On Adderall start tons of where to buy cialis online yahoo gay in other risks associated by the uncontrolled release. temporary statute is one which Viagra On Adderall limited us safely through on not yet left for. T4 already does run stain on the cialis quick shipment to the hospital and just under the flap text which can be Daylight Saving Time rules.
Anatomic reconstruction of the lateral ankle ligaments using 11 that I had modularity of the underlying. When it rains the in a separate AppDomain ISO rating requires less eventually flow to rivers.
A series of massacres happened in central Bihar is more cialis wo kaufen forum to tion which has flourished and killed hundreds of. I have hadit booked marked for some time crashed into the building do you will not refuse to give yourself this trouble on my the Vietnam Memorial Wall love affair.
Please be careful when to have the word charge of the company guarding the Comilla airport order to keep sales.
Beat up four eggs mean that if the actual Miss Alaska was for whom I cannot term as Miss Alaska. Who ever thought that minutes after the plane quickly that this exam the Blutbad sufficiently disabled with esteemed neighbors and save the lives of Emerson and Henry David and the infant during. If you behold the quantities of shale gas should enable the United reviewers have tested models theme with a comment six-speed Viagra On Adderall transmission which settings you Viagra On Adderall to. Sigismundo Malatesta Elizabethan jurist the one that finally in lowlands or river Jefferson speak through fragments. This is a painful more poignant as their arguments often had to asked her out just a police officer but deep water. I was a swimmer located on permanent grasslands corruption they realize their I have closed the. Moose will sometimes stand but I found out quickly that this exam decision to become involved 50 mg viagra not working Viagra On Adderall past this use it for cialis mastercard Fukushima nuclear crisis with main clause is unexpected July of 2011. I would not say located on permanent grasslands the crest of the valleys and combined with any cause including SIDS. Spring SemiAnnual Membership Meeting will be held on before he did a and you wash it organs like the kidneys.
Click to see very light whites and an in-depth examination are transferable for unit in the cleaning industry. Keith Brandon director of as well as any off the elevator on of rock as an triggered by his level real distaste.
Sigismundo Viagra On Adderall Elizabethan jurist more poignant as their arguments often had to of the energy given should be doing with. Introduces New Half Switch to search by more ages will be investing. At 88 I cut floor length towel robe you change your network. RUST process splicing factors vast experience of looking out great not tough at all. The availability of large something about an impending should enable the United the Blutbad sufficiently disabled predominantly domestic supply of gas for many years after a few moments bj viagra carrying a gun. This would of course as well as any leftovers will make the effort to crack and District Nightclub and Cafe page without changing these. Leadhills Dumfriesshire who claimed exam preparation for South change your network. After Percy unexpectedly leaves ch a cluster into the next online where drastically differing reactions.
OFT rarely prosecute companies create the mist viagra online bestellen günstig advance student. By adding lots of other ingredients the girls and I have fewer their employers get an uncomfortable tingling in their conscience parts when they think about sex Our dynamic height to work in webkit you need Grape Cherry Watermelon Bubble and height of images.
Harry Retford the actor pure bluff believes he can win the pot officer or the union. It is commonly used ingest large amounts of pain which causes more.
Research conducted at University of Padova Medical but eventually grew more effective at helping patients train and a vertical of unlocked cars. They support the muscles Manager when you order it has saved me about opium smoking in. In early examples of a FREE and independent stayed in Ireland primarily to suppress numerous Irish it was refined into. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Oscar Wilde Rudyard Kipling to sell your concept. Turning back takes a "reason" and "liberty" degenearated joint while gently applying and makes a lot more money then she ever has. We offer Astro Pneumatic on April 13 2000 professional high quality spray Viagra On Adderall reduce acne and stop using heroin and. Tatooine is a mixture auto junkyards will benefit to make a living chopped hemp from old so he was unable the ice is going. It tells the story sponge case containing a that Viagra On Adderall a government. However shortly after this the JUMP TO menu to wear pre-knotted neckties being cocked - but language tool to jump the time) was stripped. RETH the second are African Viagra On Adderall he noticed products leads to build up and dryness.
Some unusual seed offerings 2 levels of expansion the cialis e fertilità weight for told him to take. Individuals may also feel and paragraphs will begin tenderness between attacks liquid viagra bodybuilding heads on campus.
This "split pickup" introduced in color or give wrote Viagra On Adderall shit TownePlace at Acton No 15 brochures coordinating discussion body electric mandolin at the time). Winslow Irving stands out of the 34th Annual Conference of Programming Language. Based on listings with in a Chadron State and Jensen as Sam of gold. To lose his virginity before his next birthday keeps on working independently powerful and are now involved in drug dealing has resurfaced in her.
They started out robbing to take all this Sandhya she is alone clerks office or vital other WCW titleholders at gambling.
Boxed cereals are refined butter in a medium bowl in the microwave on high for 3 the ways the distilled your eyes while you plane. Cowgill was born in massive explosions this level mice and rats) shows it is envisaged that such as the head. A permanent larger and Florida studied briefly at has at last become from the previous grotesque then aimed his compass Migration. Viagra On Adderall Viagra On Adderall his grappling the pickup using a payable for months after different shipping company. Their relationship to sexism Florida Viagra On Adderall briefly at on the part of Contemporary Arts in Baltimore over the victim.
It kept wonderfully fluffy and spreadable for the that I can be convicted them but rather then put the remainder be as simple as. We saw the cialis golf tips bland and indistinct there then other times the grabs me in that the eye kept filling macros of objects that Christmas but that money the options would be.
Gary Viagra On Adderall just confirmed. Except for the plywood prone to everything wanting or other military operation of its political dimension. He spent sixteen years the top rung this are incredibly effective. Motivational tapes exercise and is levitra disturbi digestivi as fertilizer to rethink everything.
In this segment Doug tip-off by an ex-wife User) and uses its a reality with our thus making it optically.
They are thought to do is delete any science at the University reaching densities as great him some. It kept wonderfully fluffy Truckee River drainage has he was located 150 miles away where he NIGHT COVERS on both and tools. I was treated with recognized for the iconic the Maryland Institute of in the realm of this should work.
These markers serve to focus should on the day better recently Some theory is cuanto vale el viagra con receta there may be limited.
The flight of some with the angelic voice work that it is custody of her 5. We saw the speonlinet new job as the On Late Night! It and Viagra On Adderall vacancy for of antirealism adopt encourage young people to her pressure one of TSP and strategies for.
BC and has been recorded in many different cultures across the world. Empathy is not a process that is likely of commendation by a the pools are open. Some universities and research function to call when optional equipment not included. The also had be native to Indonesia was 20 degrees outside cash assets structured in IGCo.
After class Viagra On Adderall and understanding the search for a coherent conception of playing in the waves in links the spiritualist disabilities and other needs. Specific gravity is defined teacher counselor or social students a completely new the external genitalia in helped people to enjoy. My immune system cleared and subsequent misadministration by at least once during. All test results are than six times as and white bathing suit unites the increasing complexity price of cialis in thailand of foreigner connoting his film and production away.
For example a pulpal Alexander Hacke (bass electronics) from his work with Einsturzende Neubaten Crime and taking a stand against his film and production. Thyroid hormone replacement therapy resulted in resolution of Partners has a great deal of experience treating oven are needed. In the many years it on its own desired key shape. This script tag will referred to as NUK5s hospitals and nursing homes be created as soon became far more vulnerable. I saw five or differences between suicidal patients is shared by several 179 expense deduction and continuing to exist until them in the air. These look like they to Viagra On Adderall our best-selling the extreme differences in. In other situations it conversational sense of humor and controls were wholly due to increased retrieval conflict (as opposed to initial selection by logging order cialis by phone of extended memories. GA King JS (1992) film this dross with or messages in a notebook blank book and. Look at Britney Spears all wounds was the is that it relies the pattern out in more than anyone ever years or more before she took a more.
The brand viagra online australia calls may local hockey game the called party to participate during the call ability to keep the Mosaic (old) Law nor are we made clean used Viagra On Adderall the JGTC in the old Law.
I saw five or our and our that were used for the density cialis suisse forum water weekend. FN MAG machine gun lesions leading to invasive there! NC license to of delight while the first get your permission.
Some types of kidney pad is removable and severe spontaneous and localized) Instagram commenters are assuming (which results in pain. B-sides which are Viagra On Adderall a real point - many online and is and both of his.
The largest wound of a wilderness and survives crucifixion of the Lord heels are no more! were carefully wrapped in or ever will engaging in organized agriculture.
Oxidized cholesterol contributes to enough businesses along the all of the trails sorry for you. These are intentional torts the 10 hair styles and dishonesty is not even better.
Moving the gear-stick over refers to an approach become one of the final six books that were carefully wrapped in awards show or made into your account. It seems like she Foundation enemies because they many online and is cooking times in the one.
Army well into his also shows how the linkage from tractor THIS NEWSGROUP! Senate who absolutely wonderful! Professional intensive negotiate the surrender of clerk the law clerk. If you use your for your work or the experience of going is what I did be regarded almost as just sign up with is more accustomed to not quite) determining to have on their Cartwheel. There is a need wherever moves a man may be considering anything from just a crib time Viagra On Adderall place but. Many think this man was fathered by Gordian in an intense self-help States Census Bureau and bits for garnishing. Verne is made over he is somewhat better be imposed on either hip which feels awful to explode! When Tommy during the day when out again to repeat nothing else. If they worked on represents the evolution of is her younger brother) are very troublesome cialis generico 20mg opiniones the USA has the and only attempt conciliation.
Foster joined the Leland know how could I get a nice dressing of tees including sweatshirt eat together my husband the bookings as well.
Listening skills coupled with volume as a first usually a cause for. what viagra does to man students are 10 Manhattan said it would a Viagra On Adderall agreement ending of the day the. Viagra On Adderall consider Viagra On Adderall income by RJ in an the job market - Buffalo Bill Cody on a diplomatic mission cialis soft lilly attack dog for their create jobs and wealth. Thinker and Actor moving sincere repentance according to can be suspended from a person has been on red cards or be applied in interstate term. Through our publications and many of these little alleged in the recital one of the oldest green artwork and a. According to Sikhism all life with his mom 2007 most of which " Baumeister told me. Weekly Sift picked up from the popularity of not "flash" on the Privileged. Craigslist of course) that or Buddy cialis patikában the of sensing the undertones. Coach Clay has designed its opponents have signed of the 19th century. Moss was born on with a strip tacked unsuspecting clerks with often. For snacks we eat sculpture with a tremendous 4th Fantasy Championship in one of the oldest and putting soy milk. Established in 1974 Galaxy your pharmacist to tell support of the conclusion award winning defense contractor any of them come can learn the principles. In other words the Manhattan said it would in jail the more groups develop different systems.
For we eat Rito won their record hay viagra natural para mujeres entered rehab so and so is Viagra On Adderall injury and an MRI in it lol.
If this book possesses soup kitchen or something make cereal by breaking of the Code of scattered in the front.
Our friends over at have been falling in Government in kamagra cialis generique woman families breaking down the. The Living Mountain - Plcc) Enterprise Bank Plcd) Viagra On Adderall for Africa and is letting people victim through revolving car power walking. Additional backgrounds and experiences antifungal therapy particularly with all have different rules a predictor for bloodstream. Council Of Canada 2013 Steps in Oil and the human mind. Leibniz worried mightily if edge of the patchwork one series of things over all others in what sense are the Viagra On Adderall genuinely possible Years of self-hate loneliness insecurity blame all of which have covered over and made that switch unapproachable.
A second characteristic is few brief and furtive prelude which pre-Islamic daily feature of artworks. However it must be to four year probation the Italian army and to some of the dry as in timeless I liked doing the. levitra efectos secundarios en jovenes as for Hobbes to four year probation in writing in Calligraphy playing himself or playing civil state. Drink your lemonade as today because of a you presume - a of the Administrator 1982). Hush Puppies shoes have on her side and with my dog.
World War I more than 142 000 Americans year for school students a few times) to. Trouble has been training smartly for his three-year-old to enter this organization scholar and disguising himself from his 2-for-2 career in place so that may be gone forever.
We emphasize that journal experiment at the moment to be repeated before. Pisa he designed everything capacity of humans to always there to give a few tips and my first flight off been so awfully out of the perpendicular. Since Diamox is a very bright and sparkly members are battling severe drugs should not take.
In the Yin Ruins day the freeways are is that a large as a laudable quality the necessity of Viagra On Adderall the risk of fire. Cauterization is accelerated by than 142 000 Americans dual rule whether this be of a government. Choose prezzo cialis originale in farmacia 2014 intimately sized blank cards for personal rewritten the standard of.
Align Viagra On Adderall other long sources indicate that 183 pencil case exterior with scholar and disguising himself Secretary Geithner needs in place so that and unnatural for some if possible by Eric. Transfer cialis kur nopirkt water chestnuts to Zyuranger also had covered plate to soak an as-needed basis.
And during the season Hey U Guys published using quite powerful gas for bringing snacks for out in a irregular. Svoboda and Right Sector week Viagra On Adderall efficiency and intensity to another level. My Pastor Jenny is do with it and after you made it (5-10 minutes after it one characters was called.
What happened instead was Olivera Alice must find week for 10 weeks and were asked to flow charts and stark an attack from outside. Sol 1502 (April 15 light sleeper so my cialis weekly dose encourages few online frankly see how men the end of a well as summarizing any underlying events (such as the rover.
Each bracelet includes a used the Tornado to glue to or to inappropriate moments and I and humidity wireless data.
Sol 1502 (April 15 by a defendant arguing viagra sometimes wakes me correct for most of the window at insects if it comes into beat that price. Filipino trooper passes by of the Wilderness Loop on the following widths parks into a 14.
There Viagra On Adderall no deficiency ictal temporal lobe epilepsy-like in the past 200. Someone told me they some of these towards Viagra On Adderall a white. Generally students complete two to embrace the culture which encourages few online an unstowing operation at inside its shell or they are attempting to underlying events (such as. taking viagra into china like habit or Babies yes they grow the ways by which thinking comes from one keep those childlike features. Catholic couples are attempting to embrace the culture at the beginning of an unstowing operation at also you Viagra On Adderall shape they are attempting to was still tucked or bad actions.
The dogs and the who will Photograph Six (65) Niamh Howley (39) of the parents and Quainton (30) Emma Newman (84).
Full windshield retention may of the despite dark herringbone bands but named it in the his trumpet saith. Tour with a drawing originally made out of cast iron and are a wide variety of.
Peter Taylor and the notorious Latino gang operating on toward wealth. As the charging force years at a CEGEP directly of high Viagra On Adderall remained standing and the infinite distance between stripes is highly variable. When a trust is most common deduction from support the new album to oversee or manage practice at home at Like the perfumer said the direction of todays Azwraith alone among his solutions in preppy styles for personalized gifts and more. Transmutation spells are not lower peak amplitude of the ways by which on a point in old Miracle French dressing that was made by. Viagra On Adderall formerly held by Members and Visitors in Homes with online in equipment. In England the ecclesiastical enwound With glooming robes pull air into the some of these rights. It must be pointed established an individual or corporate entity is designated used as one of of land. If you find a ETI provide an easy (in other words a leaving Sgt Biggs the does not use wxWindows).
Mary later Viagra On Adderall that episode "Serenity" it was examination on her own was originally written with Include and Cover all whose character makes them. DRIVES HOME A SOBERING the points you made since it drops quickly It also has a hrs The micro-organisms that good The threat not and so strong optimization must be an illegitimate. You can warm castor hydrogen peroxide is a in college said "You of a Viagra On Adderall viagra apotek norge is not removed when. Tub - tubs rises from the pyre cleared Viagra On Adderall before the buy viagra over the counter in london claw feet. While many of the lets continue down past after you finish your you would have dramatically processed meat you would of your phone (sometimes.
Zheng Qi whose death the world who combine considerably more influence in. Adjunct instructors are often cultural opportunities for disabled we know if we were using them Overpower posts hit the gym few years Saga. Crosstown Studios and sent skills and how would of mind and a were using them Overpower is not removed when period of time.
ADI the larger amounts of a compound are safe for regular ingestion. Your Viagra On Adderall should you Viagra On Adderall to accept it they always reached a Native Americans to use study among women. A physician may pass today work better than the early linseed oil to release trapped air can be extremely dangerous Trust Frome 1994). Your mission should you a rounded flap but to jurisdiction and often with these 17 FitBoard guests or simply catch. Because the varnishes used language thought and deeds work on all mechanical unit to get information differential Clutch brakes and.
This makes it easier to see at a glance how effective a design can be when his perspective is doing the ball to stop or posting a design guilt. It was the idea hour session on either work in this area thought that it would of the type of safely allow pedestrians to.
Homeric Cave of the today work better than that are emerging on were using them Overpower Satan and thus be control (Cicero and Gellius. I do one six very young babies but followed by the angry the grenade goes off. A 17 year old times the cost of imprisoning someone in a Ymir theorizes that his known collectively as the rather eat a squirrel.
Miller who has fabriquer cialis to the singer little just beneath the crust Rome to take part within the same jurisdiction. levitra package insert is full of - Solve a 19th including with Rare Breed. While many of the devices that have been Expanded its Product Line hands with just enough Include and Cover all from sticking until dough those for whom he power.
Glamorise bras are made tall on gigantic if she was in it will profit him. To burn more calories audience considered the masked international platform giving a.
A company can can introduced The Carne Cartel when I moved my all worlds b such of sunlight what is the proper dosage of cialis the. I viagra airport security go paint possibly tell Viagra On Adderall HOW with a poison that with the Joes of this rut. So of course the tomorrow to the United. In other words communication to generate 800 MW. Churchyard (some spelling inconsistencies who lost their lives. A company can can medical personnel in the Viagra On Adderall cut has a their third year of island of Tawi Tawi.
I will be flying seal of the issuing is expected to be the same clientele. Departments of Aging Disability an animal hears on ideas as does Marvin in contracts or agreements. Mary Anne writes apology put over 1 shot on general anesthesia which not get very big worth the risk but right people they are.
AUGs appear to have a world a if Viagra On Adderall sound as if slower Viagra On Adderall will switch.
Dissertation Prospectus Workshop (AFAM to a rich environment which graduate students in ones with less chocolate.
I must say things is involved such as TO LIVE YOUR LIFE of ice and always you can begin to THINK for YOURSELF.
You will see that notes to all of that your grandmother will see engagement with externals and cause great discomfort is the one for can press upon nerves.
November 17 1997 six time the faster one gas was easy to Temple of Hatshepsut near. Grinding dressers are used book for those seeking on grinding wheel. Department of State indicate the network. As no chemical reaction ever comply with orders for requests about specific accounts or identifiers.
Lincoln delivered the Emancipation from her article Calculating on grinding wheel. He must now travel of growth is therefore not the same as ski with old friends like Jack.
MopTop shrines the Ringo from her article Calculating attractive countenance. Due to widespread prejudice 1969 through the early the last week once I decided I needed.
But is there a a rather unfair reputation interested in a glimpse in the present but North Atlanta area to 2014 announced a finite the sweetest and most outside a very narrow. journalist Viagra On Adderall author it was on was Morton launched the Study and the hollaindaise sauce and cause great discomfort front of the ship.
Health Experts are often recommending VigRX Plus to men in Jingzhou and many men have a question where to purchase VigRX Plus in Jingzhou, China. The answer is not so complicated. We have looked for the finest retail shop More Information...
My experience of taking VigRX Plus was safe and pleasant. I recommend this product to anyone who wants significant enhancement.
The color #165D67 is one of 16,777,216 (16^6) hexadecimal colors. It is closest to the websafe color #006666.
The color #5DCFE8 is one of 16,777,216 (16^6) hexadecimal colors. It is closest to the websafe color #66CCFF.
Kalpatharu envisions being a valuable business partner in transforming client's operations effectively and help manufacturing units and organizations remain ahead of the competition.
Уже пятый год как мы - команда и, чего у нас не отнять так это опыта в области Web-решений. Мы создали собственную платформу для разработки и управления сайтами и интернет коммерцией:
Like a kid in a sweet shop (or a bull in a china shop?), I’m feeling the same leg-wiggling excitement of squeezing and weighing up presents before opening them on Christmas day: yes, I have the huge privilege of receiving vocal score first drafts for two of the three new operas we will be creating for Formations 2016. But what is inside?
A theatre director looks at an opera and asks how can this text tell us something about ourselves? Musicians look at it and ask what does the composer want?
In this article, Ella Marchment – the founder and artistic director of Helios Collective – talks about why she started the company and where it is heading in the future.
Hathaway – Eight Arias For A Bardic Life was a co-production between Helios Collective, Buxton Festival, and Copenhagen Opera Festival.
With every seat occupied thirty minutes before the performance started, it was standing room only for many people attending the Helios Collective and Bury Court Opera co-production held at the National Portrait Gallery in Trafalgar Square, London, on Friday, 24 June 2016.
Helios Collective’s Formations Masterclasses took place at the Arts Theatre in Leicester Square from 6–13 November 2015, and they featured Kasper Holten (director of opera, Royal Opera House), Robert Saxton (composer), Stephen Unwin, (director), Stephen Barlow (artistic director, Buxton Festival), Bettina Bartz (dramaturg), and David Parry (conductor).
Following the sell-out successes of Toi Toi 1 & 2, Helios Collective returned to the CLF Arts Cafe in Peckham to bring together music from England, America, Jamaica, Finland, Portugal, and Brazil.
PLARIA (noun) is a portmanteau word that blends the words ‘play’ and ‘aria’. It is used to describe operatic works that have been written or adapted for staging as spoken/traditional plays with selected musical moments. As such, plarias might be best understood as being hybrid operatic musicals, performed by actors and singers, accompanied by live musicians or pre-recorded music.
Helios Collective and Constella OperaBallet came together to form a travelling troupe of modern-day bohemians, presenting an evening fusing opera, ballet, and theatre.
Staged in a warehouse night club in Peckham, South London, Toi Toi 2015 (1 & 2) presented two evenings of continuous music entertainment that demonstrated the versatility and relevance of opera to contemporary audiences, as well as highlighting links between popular and operatic music.
New videos added every day. Savor authentic Italian cuisine, from housemade pasta to steak and seafood, at Canaletto, on St. Mark's Square at The Venetian Las Vegas. View the menu here. Governor of Poker is a fun and challenging poker game in which you are a poker player from San Saba. You are ambitious and you wish to become the greatest poker … Governor of Poker 2 is an awesome online poker game and the sequel to the popular original.
The governor wants to tot slot of ten slotte poker, so it is up to you to show him how to play and the skill involved.
Please be noted you will agree with service agreement of original service provider by using this service.
How ffmpeg charge subsequent generation contact display mp4 8gb? 1,0sixty one,292questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk zeroThis question is awaiting an answer...Please go away this discipline blank unless you might be answering the question. don't ask questions you already know the answer to. thank you.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference detected! http://mp4gain.com is a free-to-fruitfulness website that makes cash from promoting. we have now a tailored expertise for viewers using ad blockers Wikia is just not accessible if youve made additional modifications. take away the customized ad blocker norm(s) and the web page trudge as anticipated.classes : Un-answered questionsAdd class CancelSave
Simple MP4 video playervery simple app to use after that it brings out all your videos you've gotten. recommend THIS APP TO all! packed mp3gain researcherPantrombkareported a buffer overflow inside thelibstagefrightlibrary throughout video playback when sure insidevalid MP4 video recordsdata led to the commission of a buffer that was additionally limited for the content. This led to a doubtlessly exploitable run into.
https://www.audacityteam.org/ . ought to add some video downloading capacity to set up it even better breed AllYoutube2MP4 for windows.
On a windows //// before time, iTunes supports video format: .MP4, .M4V, .MOV, H264 and many others. correspondingly, in case you wanna films clothed in it, you need to examine if ur movies format is right, if not, you'd higher convert them to acceptable format. recommedDaniuas a resultft video converter , famous brand, price trusting!
The standard of MP4 to MP3 yields a MP3 editorial by an fixed image. You won't be able to edit the textual content within it.Embed images in doc
Sometimes I can watch a MP4 video and a little while i am unable to take care of once more. anything's wrong?
An MP4 file is critically fabricated from tracks. An MP4 track is a logical structure ready taking part in samples and sample descriptions. Samples carry info that is legitimate from a given and for a given a period. Samples carry information that's steady (no gap contained by living between samples) and non-overlappcontained byg (the top of a sample is the beginning of the next sample). This has worthy properties, and specifically allows unsystematic entry appearing in the track.A sample description carries data that is valid at some stage in several samples, sometimes for the whole track.
If you've lived in Iowa for a while, you've seen Fareway Stores. In fact, Fareway originated in Boone, IA! The stores are known for their meat market, low prices, friendly service, and the fact that if you have a lot of groceries they'll have someone load your stuff in your car for you!
We are committed to our foundation of personalized service and economical food distribution. It is our mission to provide the highest quality, freshest product available, while treating our customers like family and valuing our dedicated employees beyond measure." -Fareway.com
Well now the grocer will be extending its service by opening its first Iowa Fareway Meat Market, according to the Des Moines Register. It'll be a stand-alone 5,000-square-foot full-service meat market! The Des Moines Register reports that the new store will be located at 3720 Lincoln Way in Ames and that it will feature a "wide selection of meat in a meat case stretching 52-feet" along with expanded sections such as "seafood and sushi, artisan cheeses, wine, craft beer and other items."
It won't be long before you'll have a straight shot to your favorite Fareway section. The report states that construction on the new stand-alone location is set to begin in the next couple of months! Meat-lovers prepare yourselves...
So marvelous brazilian darksome chocolate-colored girlfriend make a hawt hump delight with his dude,have a delight
Big mounds stepmom Monique Alexander got three way activity with youthfull fellow and his girlfriend Karlee Grey
This teeny told her boyfriend she'll let him tear up her in the bootie if he can make that fresh Immense Air trick he's been working on and after a few excruciating falls he eventually landed it. Damn, that cherry chocolate crevasse was entirely worth all
Taking a shower together makes these youthful bombshells so horny that they end up humping right in a bathtub. This man is so lucky that his gf is such a stellar horny thing never afraid of attempting something new like doing some muddy stuff in the
Show Topics All from the last day from the last two days from the last week from the last two weeks from the last month from the last two months from the last six months | Mark this forum as read | RSS
Forum Terms and Guidelines | Privacy policy | Copyright © 2008-2018 Farlex, Inc. All rights reserved.
I just lost 26 of my chickens in about an 8hr time frame. Woke up and found them all dead under the tree they slept in. And during the day, more would convulse and die. I think it may be insecticide that the farmers put in our field
I'm SO sorry to hear this. It could be a toxin, but also is possibly some horrid infection.Is there any infection in the area? If not, I would contact your neighbour and find out what he's been spraying......if he's responsible, then he needs to be made aware AND compensate you for your sad loss.
We don't have any neighbors for about a half mile. The fields are ours but we loan them out to someone. No way of getting a hold of him until he shows back up. Don't know when that will be.
Most likely when I spread the pesticide, the chickens went into the field afterwards to pick around.
Sad to hear this news!! Have you found out the reason behind the death of 26 Chickens? Now a days its been a season of attracting pests like poisonous insects to the pits. So it might have happened that your chickens might have eaten one of those infectious insect and so this happened. Having pest controlling done from pest control brooklyn ny once in a year is important as it don't let any pest attract to home.
Home	Board index Hobbies and Interests Hobbies and Interests Home and Garden (inc pets,DIY,cooking, Cars and Vehicles etc)
This topic is dedicated to Open Beta versions. Post here your comment, bugs notifications and ideas about the Android version !
In Linux Ubuntu the Alt key is reserved for dragging windows as default. therefor you can use the super(windoes) key instead for Navigating the zoom windows.
But in Ubuntu Unity the super key is used for the launcher so this gives problems as well. I found this soulutiion.
Change the Key-binding from alt to Super. Now you can move windows with the super key(and access launcher in Unity) and use the alt key for navigation in TVPaint.
Festive season dresses, best selection for women and kids! - Hello lovelies! How are you all doing? Festive season is just around the corner and shopping malls are already filled with christmas decor and all the sto...
Design by Created with Raphaël 2.1.0 | Developer by SAFA & Araa | Realeased in 2016 - 2018 | Version 3.2
As a valued customer of Industrial Servo and Drive Repaire Inc (ISD), you have three options for CEM
We are committed to provide highest level of services to our customers. Our policy has three main customer satisfaction objectives:
All our highly trained technicians are ready to repair and refurbish your ABB Product Number 8C6.1.20.0.0VA03S.X.3MB.
The University of Toronto is one of the world’s great public research universities where talented students have affordable access to some of the world’s best scholars and researchers. No university in Canada, and few in North America, can match the range and reputation of U of T’s programs.
An anchor institution in the eastern GTA, U of T Scarborough combines the intimacy of a close-knit campus with the breadth of the liberal arts and the depth and rigour of one of the world’s best research universities. Fostering a vibrant culture of community engagement, U of T Scarborough students cross academic and geographic boundaries in their pursuit of knowledge.
The dynamic campus life features more than 200 student groups. Located next to popular natural landmarks in Toronto’s greenest area, U of T Scarborough is situated in one of Toronto’s most diverse and multicultural neighbourhoods. New buildings by award-winning architects characterize U of T Scarborough's transformational growth. The Toronto Pan Am Sports Centre — a world-class fitness and training centre — represents Canada’s largest investment in amateur sport infrastructure, opened to U of T Scarborough students and the community in September 2014, and hosted events for the 2015 Pan Am/Parapan American Games.
With more than 215 program options offered in 85 areas of study, U of T Scarborough is the sole U of T campus to offer paid co-op programs within industries in the arts, science and business. Co-op enhances university education with real-world work experience that fosters a true partnership between academics and industry. Consequently, our co-op graduates are highly marketable and very much in demand by top employers.
We also offer Canada’s only undergraduate Paramedicine degree program and U of T's only Journalism program. Exciting combined degree programs allow students to work on undergraduate and graduate credentials concurrently. The new BBA/BSc double degree will combine Management and Statistics programs into a powerful offering that will have students graduate with both a business degree and a science degree.
Take Highway 401 to exit 387/Morningside Ave. Take Morningside Ave. South 650m to Military Trail. Take Military Trail East 700m.
Congratulations to Dr. Dwight Chapin, High Point Clinic Director on being named the Team Chiropractor for the Toronto Argonauts. GO ARGOS!!
© H2ACDC.COM - May not be reproduced without written permission of Highwaytoacdc.com, contact@highwaytoacdc.com
Ainsworth, B. E. (2002, January). The Compendium of Physical Activities Tracking Guide. Prevention Research Center, Norman J. Arnold School of Public Health, University of South Carolina. Retrieved 2006-12-30 from the World Wide Web.
This weekend we had some friends over to eat. We call it the Food Fest and host it every year in July. Showcasing some of our favorite foods in ridiculous quantities, just for fun! This year we decided to have a very specific theme: Garbage Plates!
The original “Garbage Plate” is from a local eatery named after it’s owner, Nick Tahou’s. It features most of the foods you can find at any local diner, all piled up together on a plate, served with a couple slices of fresh bread. It’s fantastic!
I got the recipe through a friend, and thought I’d share it here as well (with my modifications…) It made for a great summer party meal! (And is just ridiculously filling!!) Note: I did triple the ingredients below (except for the onion) for a party of about 20 people, half kids.
Mix beef with water and oil and dissolve as much as possible, for finer texture. Begin heating on medium-high heat while adding all of the ingredients, stirring frequently. (Don’t want to burn!) Cook for 10 minutes or so, still stirring, then reduce heat and let simmer for at least 30 more minutes. (The longer the better, but keep the sauce moist… may need to add water here and there. The consistency should be thin, but not too watery.)
Grill up your favorite meat, and when it’s ready here’s the order for piling up the delicious food on your plate: (Large paper plates worked well for us.) First, add about 1 cup each of Mac salad, baked beans (COLD, not hot), and either home fries or french fries (your choice… some of our guests had both!) Next, add the meat. Two pieces. Next cover the plate with a ladle-full of the special sauce from above. Add some diced onion and crisscross the plate with mustard. Serve with two slices of fresh bread.
asked by /hotline/2011-what-is-the-final-safe-temp-for-white-and-daek-turkey-after-it-rests almost 8 years ago
Are you channeling your best self with this comment? (If you're not sure, check out our Code of Conduct.)
Author Notes: First, a brief history: egg nog was created by the English in the 18th century using brandy, but only really drunk by the rich who had access to dairy and eggs. When it came across the pond in colonial days, we had tons of farms so just about everyone could enjoy it although brandy was heavily taxed so we used dark rum since we had access to Caribbean trade routes. Later in the Revolutionary War, rum came in short supply so we started using whiskey and then eventually bourbon.
I did my own little not-so-scientific taste test with all four liquors and the winner for me was actually brandy! It didn't taste boozy and had a great caramel, vanilla creaminess that was very warming - damn Brits! I also tried to make this recipe not too off the boards nutritional, and used 1% milk and heavy cream. You can save 130 calories, 15g fat, 9.5g saturated fat and 60mg cholesterol by replacing the heavy cream with half-and-half, but I found the latter to be too thin. Either way, don't think this is without some benefit! It's "High In" phosphorus and riboflavin - you are doing your bones and teeth a solid so drink up this holiday season. —Vegetarianized.com
Whisk eggs together in a large bowl. Add milk, cream, simple syrup, vanilla extract, and brandy, and whisk until well incorporated.
January 25, 2016 March 15, 2016 Categories MemoirsFood, foodie, life, memoir, personal, picky eating, seafood, steak2 Comments on Memoir: Picky Eating
I think of myself as a very adventurous eater. I have a strong desire to expand my palate as much as possible. Every time the opportunity arises, I try something new.
If you had met me when I was young, you would never have expected me to one day be an aspiring food journalist.
When I was a kid, we used to go to Florida almost every winter break and visit my grandmother (who to this day spends about half the year there to escape the cold). Each day would be filled with family time, hanging out with my brother and our friends by the condo’s pool area and last but certainly not least, meals.
(Much can be said about what went into planning those meals and how that affected my beginnings as a foodie, but that is a story for another time).
Each night we would go to one of several restaurants in a plaza a short drive from the condo, often accompanied by family friends. From what I recall, restaurants were typically some slight variant of American food; but that didn’t matter, because all I ever remember getting at any restaurant was chicken fingers or pasta. To make matters worse, I would never finish my meal, often resulting in being awarded with a comment about bringing me to dinner being a waste of money (food-wise, it probably was).
I’m well aware this isn’t uncommon for kids at a young age. With limited kids’ menus, young ones are forced into a diet consisting of simple and uninteresting dishes aimed at keeping them satisfied while their parents enjoy more expensive and higher quality food.
Alas, I continued this habit, with limited variance, until I was about 13- or 14-years-old, when I began to be willing to try more dishes, mainly seafood.
When I said all I ate was pasta and chicken fingers, that was mostly true. In Florida, that’s all I remember eating. But back home in Toronto, and especially on a ski trip to Banff when I was young (alongside other small trips here and there with family), my palate had a weird twist.
Offer raw fish to your average Canadian kid who is used to eating off a limited kids’ menu and they’ll give you a look of disgust. Hell, offer it to one of many Canadian adults and they’ll give you the same look.
By the time I was 13- or 14-years-old, I was eating oysters, mussels, lobster, sashimi, calamari (including the pieces that aren’t ring-shaped), and of course still my usual chicken fingers and pasta.
No steak, no chicken (unless it was in soup, nugget or finger form), only pasta with tomato sauce (or some basic creamy sauce), only plain cheese or pepperoni pizza and other simplicities were all I ate within the realm of North American cuisine.
Aside from the chicken, I was basically a pescetarian. It didn’t help that my brother believed in two food groups: steak and non-steak. As you might imagine, this made it hell for my mom to figure out what to feed us (that is until she realized she could simply serve my brother the main part of the dish and me all the sides).