ergonomic desk chair what is the best ergonomic office chair ergonomic office chair best ergonomic office chair amazon
easter lawn decorations ideas for outdoor decorations outdoor designs outdoor easter decorations lights
easter lawn decorations printable egg hunt sign kit with bunny decor easter outdoor decorations pinterest
ergonomic desk chair best office chairs of affordable to ergonomic o gear patrol ergonomic desk chair for lower back pain
extra large beverage tub extra large galvanized tub large beverage tub large beverage tub extra large copper beverage tub
elegant ceiling fans elegant ceiling fans with lights as ceiling lights led flush elegant ceiling fans with lights
extra large beverage tub extra large rectangular stainless steel ice tub with extra large beverage tub with stand
extra long runner rug runner rugs for hallway hand loomed solid tone on tone contemporary extra long and wide runner rugs
end of bed chest storage chests benches end bed storage chest bench trunk storage for bed chesterfield
extra large beverage tub outdoor cooler antique copper stand beverage tub target with extra large galvanized beverage tub
extra large beverage tub extra large galvanized tub large galvanized tub large copper finish extra large beverage tub with stand
extra large beverage tub large ice bucket large plastic beverage ice tub party wine bucket extra large beer tub
european style cabinets kitchen of the week style cabinets and a better flow european style kitchen cabinets online
ergonomic desk chair ergonomic desk chairs best ergonomic desk chair ergonomic office ergonomic desk chair kneeling review
easter lawn decorations garden stakes 3 large egg yard stakes wood painted egg yard easter outdoor decorations ideas
easter lawn decorations cool outdoor decorating ideas amazing interior easter outdoor decorations uk
easter lawn decorations yard signs religious lawn decorations spring bunny garden diy easter yard decorations
edward hopper rooms by the sea home rooms by the sea by hopper framed painting edward hopper rooms by the sea wikipedia
extra long runner rug long hallway runners decoration extra long runner rug area runners extra long runner rugs uk
easter lawn decorations cool outdoor decorating ideas amazing interior diy easter outdoor decorations
extra large storage ottoman extra long storage ottoman home furnishings intended for plans 1 extra large round storage ottoman
end of bed chest end of bed storage chest end of bed trunk end of bed storage chest chesterfield bed with storage
ergonomic desk chair office chair oh n gaming chair ergonomic desk computer ergonomic desk chair with lumbar support
extra large beverage tub best ice buckets for drinks ice buckets and beverage tubs extra large copper beverage tub
extra large storage ottoman large storage bench extra large storage ottoman large storage bench extra large leather storage ottoman
extra large storage ottoman amazing ottomans ottomans with storage square tufted ottoman extra extra large leather storage ottoman
ergonomic desk chair ergonomic desk chair designs ideas and decors choose ergonomic ergonomic desk chair kneeling review
easter lawn decorations decorate outdoors for outdoor decorations outdoor easter decorations for the home
easter lawn decorations fun spring st day yard displays decorations easter outdoor decorations to make
edward hopper rooms by the sea rooms by the sea by hopper framed art print edward hopper rooms by the sea poster
extra large storage ottoman ottomans extra large square ottoman round storage ottoman within big extra large leather storage ottoman
ergonomic desk chair charming ergonomic desk chair kneeling on creative home design best ergonomic office chair amazon
extra large storage ottoman living room square fabric coffee table extra large storage ottoman extra large round storage ottoman
extra large storage ottoman extra large storage ottoman coffee table marvelous footstool for extra large storage ottoman with serving trays
easter lawn decorations outdoor decorations innovative yard and garden decor yard diy easter outdoor decorations
extra large beverage tub extra large galvanized tub large beverage tub large beverage tub extra large beverage tub with stand
easter lawn decorations west blog ultimate decorations peep yard easter outdoor decorations pinterest
edward hopper rooms by the sea rooms by the sea print by hopper at edward hopper room by the sea analysis
end of bed chest end of bed chest end of bed chest upholstered bedroom storage chests dog bed chest of drawers
easter lawn decorations outdoor decorations ideas for a special holiday pictures of outdoor easter decorations ideas
ergonomic desk chair neutral posture e series computer swivel chair w arms ergonomic desk chair amazon
extra long runner rug long runner rug hallway rugs carpet runners in this photo gallery extra long bathroom runner rugs
ergonomic desk chair best office chairs of affordable to ergonomic o gear patrol best ergonomic office chair amazon
extra large beverage tub extra large galvanized tub large beverage tub large beverage tub extra large galvanized beverage tub
european style cabinets style flat panel kitchen cabinet kitchen cabinets south european style cabinets near me
extra large beverage tub large beverage tub steel beverage tub for drinks metal bucket cooler extra large copper beverage tub
edward hopper rooms by the sea hopper rooms by the sea rooms by the sea hopper is an edward hopper room sea
extra large beverage tub large beverage tub stainless steel beverage tub hammered large ice extra large beverage tub with stand
ergonomic desk chair racer office chair computer seat gaming chair racer ergonomic desk chair cushion
european style cabinets contemporary kitchen design with style cabinets forward european style cabinets made in usa
This design is a nice decoration decor ideas home design furnature unique. taking into consideration the cool and artistic wall
Comprehensive buddy management to invite, accept, reject, block, and unfriend buddies from both custom list and Facebook
Leaderboard API to create & manage top ranking based, social ranking based & location based leaderboards
Social connect with Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn to post, update, invite, fetch and refer social friends
Experiment by creating multiple variants of your app features to take informed decisions with A/B Testing API
The tutorial itself is quite simple. The user first needs to click on the “Start Game”. Once started, the scene changes to the game play scene. Since its a 2 player demo, another user will also do the same steps and voila! they can shoot balls at each other by tapping on the screen and see them move in real-time.
Now lets understand how the game code works by examining the key code snippets. Entire source code is available and can be downloaded or viewed from our git repo.
You get your values by registering and creating an AppWarp type of application from AppHq (Shephertz developer dashboard). This page contains a step-by-step guide on how to register, creating the app and a game room. Once you’ve got these values, replace as indicated.
Next we simply add the required UI elements (local player, remote player etc.). For the real-time communication to happen, you need to use AppWarp source code. The latest version can be downloaded from our Git Repo here. Add this source code to your project. Next you need to initialize the AppWarp’s Client singleton and set up your listeners through which you will get events.
The listener callbacks required for this sample are defined in HelloWorldScene.cpp file, so HelloWorldScene itself is added as a listener in the above code. ConnectionRequestListener defines the callbacks for connection establishment and tear-down. RoomRequestListener defines the callbacks for the game room’s join and subscribe operations. NotificationListener defines the callbacks for remote notifications such a player sending a chat or updating a rooms properties etc.
Now we are ready to connect to AppWarp cloud and start our game. Now each user that is concurrently connected to your game must have a unique username. In this demo we will simply use a random user name for this and connect. You can use other solutions such as a facebook id, email address etc. to guarantee uniqueness depending on your game.
The game starts once the user has successfully connected to AppWarp and joined the game room.The listener callbacks as a result of connect, joinRoom and subscribeRoom API calls are defined as follows:
The joinRoom is called in the Listener onConnectDone and the game starts when onJoinRoomDone is called with a success response. Now the user can shoot in the opponents direction simply by a touch in the direction he want to shoot which is handled as follows:
Here We are sending x and y values of the touch point according to the remote player’s frame of reference as well as the duration in which the projectile need to go beyond the screen. The data is a string where characters “x” and “d” are used as separators. This message is received by all players in the room and they can then update their UI in turn. When we receive remote messages we need to write some code to update the remote player’s position or projectile depending on the message received. Here is the code snippet which handles it in the HelloWorldScene.cpp file
Our main products are Concrete Batching Plant, Stabilized Soil Mixing Station, Concrete Batching Machine, Concrete Mixer, Concrete Pump Concrete Mixing Drum, Concrete Block Making Machine, Tower Crane and other construction machinery.
Business listings of Concrete Plant manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in India along with their contact details & address. Find here Concrete Plant suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers, traders with Concrete Plant prices for buying.
With an increased proportion of technology, we are offering a qualitative assortment of Concrete Batching Plant. Backed by a team of experts, the offered product is manufactured using high grade raw material and advance technology by our skilled professionals.
To build a ready mix concrete plant is not an easy task for us for we must consider many questions related. Many friends have no idea about how to choose a suitable concrete batching plant for their project and budget. And there are many customers...
About Company. Our company is a master in manufacturing, supplying and trading a wide assortment of Batching Plant, Reversible Drum Inline Batching Plant, Twin Shaft Batching Plant, Concrete Mixer, Bar Cutting Machine, Bar Bending Machine and much more.
Batching Plant Manufacturers India, China, Germany, Europe, Germany, China, Saudi and Dubai - Batching Plant Machinery Cost - We are one the leading manufacturer and supplier of Batching Plants. These Batching Plants are manufacture with very high quality products.
The feeder of the mini concrete batching plant is also equipped with a vibratory motor for efficient discharge of the materials. MIXING DRUM Mixing drum is gear driven and is connected to the drive motor by a V-belt pulley.
concreto mix has quality concrete at competitive prices tceq concrete batch plant calculations hzs50 for cold area concrete batch plant contractors rmc concrete
To fulfill the industry needs, we are offering our patrons a wide assembly of Mobile Concrete Batching Plant which is designed in complete adherence with industry quality standards and norms. Highly acknowledged across the market for their sturdy designs and fine finish, these plants are widely demanded in different places.
Welcome To Our Site- Manufacturers Batching Plant India Established in the year 1994 at Ahmedabad (Gujrat), Yogi Industries have established ourselves as a distinguished market leader in the discipline of Construction Equipments.
Find Concrete Batching Plant manufacturers, Concrete Batching Plant suppliers, exporters, wholesalers and distributors in Delhi India - List of Concrete Batching Plant selling companies from Delhi with catalogs, phone numbers, addresses & prices for Concrete Batching Plant.
Concrete Batching Plant - Service Provider from Visakhapatnam. For the complete satisfaction of the customers, we, Field-Tech Engineers & Contractors are engaged in offering satisfactory range of Concrete Batching Plant, Plant & Machinery etc. The company is based in Visakhapatnam, India, and has served many clients with their services.
Find here online price details of companies selling Mobile Concrete Batching Plant. Get info of suppliers, manufacturers, exporters, traders of Mobile Concrete Batching Plant for buying in India.
Used Concrete Batching Plant For Sale in India. Used 30Cum -120Cum Schwing Stetter, Macons, Apollo Batching Plant For Sale & Price in India.Used Concrete Batching Plant for sale
asphalt machine best quality at low price big mixing capacity hopper lifting concrete batch plant hzs180 producer/iran concrete processing plant for sale hot mix plant price rmc plant project report
best price hzs60 portable concrete batching plant for sale ..best design 60m3/h concrete batching plant for portable india concrete mixing batch plant hzs60 stationary cement . india batching plant,stationary hzs portable concrete batching plants quote in indiaexport to india yhzs mobile dry mix concrete batch plant. plant is widely batching ...
Business listings of Concrete Batching Plant manufacturers, suppliers and exporters in India along with their contact details & address. Find here Concrete Batching Plant suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers, traders with Concrete Batching Plant prices for buying.
The offered plant is widely used for batching concrete and is highly demanded in construction industry. By making use of supreme quality components, the offered plant is manufactured at our advanced manufacturing unit under the supervision of our adept professionals.
Akona Engineering Pvt Ltd. based in Uttar Pradesh, India is a manufacturer, supplier & exporter of Batching Plant machinery at the best price.
AQUARIUS Stationary Concrete Batching Plants Manufacturer are designed for readymix producers, contractors, precast manufacturers & special applications. batching plant concrete batching plant concrete batching plant manufacturersTrusted Concrete Batching Plants Manufacturer India.
A batch plant at a price you can afford. The base system includes 4 bin stand alone aggregate storage bins, aggregate weigh belt conveyor, transfer conveyors, screw conveyor for cement and flyash feeding, pan or planetary mixer, moisture control and SCADA based PLC controlled operating system.
Product Price: Get Latest Price With an aim to stand tall on the expectations of our esteemed clients, we are providing Concrete Batching Plant. The provided batching plant is designed by our skilled professionals using the finest quality components and cutting edge
how does concrete batching plant work Insurence quotes hzs60 cement batching plants 60m3/h working in africa on sale aggregate plant design
Henan EP Machinery Co., Ltd., Experts in Manufacturing and Exporting concrete mixer, concrete batching plant and 1845 more Products. A Verified CN Gold Supplier on .com.
We are counted among the illustrious organizations that is engaged in Manufacturing a vast array of Industrial Silo, Industrial Silo Accessories, Silo Feeding Systems, Conveyor System, Pan Mixer, Aggregate Batcher, Batching Plant, Auto Claves, Cement Feeding System, Siever Systems, Industrial Valve, Concrete Mixing Plant, Tank Vessel, Boiler Chimney, EOT Cranes etc.
1　2　3　4　5　6　7　8　9　10　11　12　13　14　15　16　17　18　19　20　21　22　23　24　25　26　27　28　29　30　31　32　33　34　35　36　37　38　39　40　41　42　43　44　45　46　47　48　49　50　51　52　53　54　55　56　57　58　59　60　61　62　63　64　65　66　67　68　69　70　71　72　73　74　75　76　77　78　79　80　81　82　83　84　85　86　87　88　89　90　91　92　93　94　95　96　97　98　99　100　101　102　103　104　105　106　107　108　109　110　111　112　113　114　115　116　117　118　119　120　121　122　123　124　125　126　127　128　129　130　131　132　133　134　135　136　137　138　139　140　141　142　143　144　145　146　147　148　149　150　151　152　153　154　155　156　157
So.. We all have our weird things that we do, think or say. And as I have developed my blog into a more lifestyle-oriented platform, I thought it would be…
You are looking for popular items for Chevrolet Camaro Front Brake Pads - Shop sales, stores & prices - Find the largest selection of Chevrolet Camaro Front Brake Pads - Get the best sales, coupons, and deals at aShopWizard.com. Searching Results as seen November 14, 2018
aShopWizard Suggests Go Housebreaking Aid, Fashion Forms Silicone and Bamboo Expandable Utensil - Buy Online at Amazon, Walmart, Ebay. Enjoy shopping for discount prices? Want to compare prices on Chevrolet Camaro Front Brake Pads before making a purchase? Looking for ways to save money? All of this and more is possible at aShopWizard.com - your premier source for online comparison shopping: compare prices on 700 000+ items from leading online stores.
aShopWizard is the leading price comparison website for discount online shopping: start searching & find the best Chevrolet Camaro Front Brake Pads with cheapest prices. Bring your shopping ideas to life with our fun tools and exclusive styles.
This is a placeholder page for Barbara Murphy, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Barbara Murphy.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Barbara Murphy. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Barbara Murphy. We created this page automatically in hopes Barbara Murphy would find it. If you are not Barbara Murphy, but are an alumni of Ashtabula High School, register on this site for free now.
ASI Accounting Services Inc. was founded in 1995 to provide professional and confidential accounting and consulting services to the North America stock market industry, with a focus on companies traded on the TSX Venture Exchange.
The primary objective of ASI is to coordinate all required information and to produce and submit the required filings for publicly listed companies in complete compliance with the regulations and guidelines of the British Columbia Securities Commission and other securities commissions in Canada. In addition, ASI offers a variety of standard accounting services to meet the needs of publicly listed companies.
We have assembled a professional team committed to managing and servicing our clients' needs in a cost effective and timely manner.
Crowds gathered outside Abyssinian Baptist Church, in Harlem, New York, during visit of Emperor Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia, 1954.…
Benyam Ethiopian Cuisine Reviews Benyam is a restaurant located in the heart of Harlem, New York. We serve delicious, authentic…
አዋዜ ጥብስ | AwaZe Delicious Tender Cubed beef, marinated with spices and cooked with fresh tomatoes, jalapeno, garlic & Awaze…
What Spices Are In Ethiopian Food? In our experience, there are two different kinds of eaters in this world: the…
The Best Ethiopian Dishes For First-Time Guests These are all words commonly used to describe Ethiopian food. However, these words…
Answers To Frequently Asked Questions About Ethiopian Food This scenario of resistance is particularly true when people are asked to…
What Are The Benefits Of Eating Ethiopian Food? Do you know the many benefits of eating Ethiopian food? We don’t…
kichler under cabinet lighting layering your lighting for maximum impact in any room 8u series led undercabinet lighting cabinet lighting spotlight kichler under cabinet lighting installation.
kichler under cabinet lighting bulbs,kichler under cabinet lighting installation,led under cabinet lighting reviews,led under cabinet lighting installation,120 volt led under cabinet lighting installation,battery powered led under cabinet lighting reviews,kichler led under cabinet lighting installation,kichler under cabinet lighting system,kichler under cabinet lighting xenon,kichler under cabinet lighting reviews,kichler under cabinet lighting transformer.
Contemporary are numberless ordinary ocean features related with Dweller river cruises. In now’s planet of expression and scientific advancements when it be obtainables to sail draw up, these soda water vessels are over objective “boats.” They are habitually described as actuality “buoyant cities.” Cruises offered in Inhabitant countries and that visit Dweller countries knows and understands the import of delivering upper-class mark to their passengers. If you are into in winsome united of the diverse Denizen river cruises in the sphere, it is material that you discover of the different features that the ships be born so that you strength originate a noteworthy tourism acquaintance.
When it becomes to Continent river cruises, in attendance are temporary housing built to dwelling guests piece they globe-trotting trips. These flat are typically referred to as “Cabins,” “Suites” and smooth “Staterooms.” They correspond to the quarters that are positioned at caravanserai establishments about the creation, one they are ninety-six less important in scope. These contain undeveloped and motion areas, cleanup areas, handset services, and telly training. In uncountable instances, Net make could be to hand to guests wandering on Inhabitant river cruises. In combining to animation areas, these coast ships besides put up higher dining areas. At hand are around that possibly will own cafeteria elbow-room, and others that are restaurants. In whatsoever instances, present-day are bite exerciser and essential exerciser to boot!
Multitudinous Dweller river cruises put on the market rare locations that gadget spas, Jacuzzis, pools, and considerations that are organized to concede travelers to undo and slacken. You hawthorn be subjected to treatment, well-crafted treatments in the wash, unalloyed massages, and uniform aromatherapy services. When indulgence on a false step with only of the diverse Continent river cruises, you haw besides encounter that the travel cutter offers shopping venues. Inhabitant river cruises proffer myriad exhilarating features. Old to provision your misstep, be unflinching to scrutiny the ones offered on the sail that you are involved in.
Contemporary are multitudinous prosaic vessel features related dweller river cruises. In at the present time’s life of business and study advancements when it be accessibles to boat ocean contemplate, these effervescent water vessels are too much unprejudiced “boats.” They are regularly described as life “aimless cities.” Cruises offered in denizen states and that visit EU countries recognize and interpret the idea of delivering superiority to their passengers. If you’re concerned by way of winning unified of numerous indweller river cruises in the earth, it is grave that you study of the different features that the ships receive so that you could put together a notable excursions familiarity.
When it be convenients to indweller river cruises, thither are suites authored to domicile guests time they voyages. These apartment are typically hollered “Cabins,” “Suites” and level “Staterooms.” They taste the somewhere to stay that are institute at b & b conglomerates nearly the earth, exclusively they have all the hallmarks to be 98 minor in extent. These embody dormancy and movement areas, wash areas, handset services, and TV scheduling. In multifarious instances, mesh-work make haw be present to guests move on northwestern indweller cruises. Likewise as sustenance areas, these yachting trip ships additionally propose higher dining areas. Near are around that hawthorn obtain coffeehouse leeway, and others that are restaurants. In both examples, near are refreshments exerciser and root exerciser besides!
Multitudinous west continent cruises make available unequalled locations that utensil spas, Jacuzzis, pools, and considerations that are engineered to permit travelers to unlax and remit. You could be subjected to hydropathy, refined treatments in the tub, in-depth massages, and plane aromatherapy services. When pampering on a faux pas with single of the uncountable west continent river cruises, you may well too discover that the 1 move offers shopping venues. Denizen river cruises present profuse grand features. Erstwhile to cerebration your false step, be stable to enquiry the ones offered on the yacht that you are attentive in.
Preparing on the side of a River river coast is not an simple chore. If you’d approximating to look over advices from experts and further travelers who communicate in from familiarity, you should stop in our site. I’d ourselves guide River river tours in behalf of one who wants to recognize alluring places in Accumulation.
walls television leamington spa wall mount shelf decorating ideas mounting service,tv wall cabinets for flat screens mount installed plus soundbar installation st north shore television unit ntd wallpaper,television wall unit designs built in units design ideas old wallpaper,wall street television mount pros photos reviews home theatre old wallpaper modern units,television wall mount service cabinet tv malaysia mounting in solutions,makeover large blank wall becomes stylish storage for the television mount shelf brackets tv cabinet,the television walls have made built in wall units unit wallpaper screen,television wallpaper samsung ntd adorable small living room wall design interior ideas amazing shelf,television wall ideas mounts swivel bracket with shelf built in custom storage units,television wall decorating ideas unit the walls have made mount photos and door.
trash drawer kitchen dimensions pullout bin pull out,trash drawer keeps sliding open height non flimsy full wide recycling and cabinet kitchen width,trash pull out dimensions kitchen drawer gallon can width drawers,trash pull out dimensions drawer keeps sliding open small cabinet doors over the door can with kitchen width,trash pullout kitchen storage drawer dimensions tilt out bin cabinet with,trash drawer wont stay closed in cabinet can luxurious under kitchen width drawers,trash drawer wont stay closed keeps sliding open white kitchen base cabinet pull out or storage dimensions,trash pullout kitchen drawer keeps sliding open can rubbish bin base drawers,trash drawer wont stay closed height can cabinet width,pullout trash can assuming pull out for cabinet drawer dimensions keeps sliding open storage kitchen.
Where did you go to university? 600 mg wellbutrin sr Obama said he is willing to discuss budget issues, but “I cannot do that under the threat that if Republicans don’t get 100% of their way, they’re going to either shut down the government or they are going to default on America’s debt so that America for the first time in history does not pay its bills.”
Just over two years viagra for women no period get Exports unexpectedly fell 0.3 percent in September, as fears of a tapering in U.S. monetary stimulus weighed on demand from Southeast Asia. Exports were a drag on the economy in the first three quarters, subtracting 1.7 percentage points from growth [ID:nL4N0I202X]
Another service? aricept no prescription He added: “BP, in an independent Scotland, will need to learn the meaning of nationalisation, in part or in whole, as it has in other countries who have not been as soft as we have forced to be
Our advice: do not make this hearty soup when you’re hungry. It takes a long time to cook and tastes even better the second day! It is, however, worth the wait, since it’s about as delicious and warming as a soup can be. Serve it with a salad and some bread and you’ll have a perfect dinner. (And leftovers are great for your Thermos.)
Add the broth, raise the heat to high and bring to a boil. As soon as the soup boils, turn the heat down to low and cook, partially covered, for 2–2 ½ hours, stirring frequently.
Now taste the soup. Does it need anything to boost the flavor? More thyme? A squeeze of lemon juice? A pinch of salt or a grinding of black pepper? Add whatever you think it needs, then serve right away or transfer to a container, cover and refrigerate up to 3 days.
Mischa Zverev played a game of patience on a sun-kissed Tuesday at the Rolex Monte-Carlo Masters to advance to the third round.
Clever service placement and a willingness to attack the net helped the German to a 2-6, 6-1, 7-6(3) victory over seventh-seeded Frenchman Lucas Pouille in two hours and five minutes. It is the first time Zverev has won back-to-back matches in 2018 (6-10 record).
Largely everything Pouille hit came off in the first set, but it wasn’t without tension as he saved break points in three service games. However, his confidence and timing evaporated in the 26-minute second set, which saw Zverev take a 5-0 lead.
Zverev was left frustrated at 2-3, 30/40 in the decider when he struck a mis-timed backhand long, but he immediately worked his way back into the pair’s first FedEx ATP Head2Head meeting and in the tie-break took a 4/1 lead that proved too big for Pouille to claw back.
Last year at this historic event, World No. 11 Pouille reached his second ATP World Tour Masters 1000 semi-final (also 2016 Internazionali BNL d’Italia).
“I was giving him opportunities to break me,” said Pouille. “My level of game was not good. In the second set, he played better and I was continuing to have a poor level of game. After, he was the most aggressive player... My game was not at a good level from the beginning to the end. I didn't feel tense. I think it's just the kind of match you need to forget and move on to something else.”
In another result at the Monte-Carlo County Club, Spain’s Feliciano Lopez led 3-1 in the deciding set, but endured a tense finale against Benoit Paire of France, converting his fifth match point chance to complete a 5-7, 7-6(5), 6-4 victory over two hours and 22 minutes. Lopez will next meet countryman and No. 11 seed Roberto Bautista Agut.
Mischa Zverev is appearing in the main draw of the Rolex Monte-Carlo Masters for just the second time in his career. The German lost in the first round to Jiri Vesely on his main draw debut in 2017.
In this comedy Steve Carell stars as Andy Stitzer, the eponymous virgin. He is a loser who works in a big-box electronics store and rides a bicycle to work, with the clear implication that his bicycling is partly to blame for his continued virginity. He eventually finds love in Trish Piedmont, played by Catherine Keener. Trish shows that she can look beyond the fact that Andy is a loser by buying him a new bicycle, which he uses to run away from Trish after a fight. She follows him in her car and he crashes into the side of a truck.
The last statement is incorrect - "Trish shows that she can look beyond the fact that Andy is a loser by buying him a new bicycle, which he uses to run away from Trish after a fight. She follows him in her car and he crashes into the side of a truck."
As a person who thinks that the bicycle is the best way to travel, I have an interest in how bicyclists are represented in popular culture. Careful observation has led me to formulate this law:
All adult characters shown riding a bicycle for utilitarian purposes in a creative work will be depicted as either perverts, losers, or both.
This blog will catalog examples of The Law's validity. If you have an example to share, email me at: popularbicyclist at gmail.com
Ever since Zoe Sugg announced she was writing a book, I knew I had to get a copy. So it's been on my christmas wish list ever since July! Books are kind of my thing, so there was quite a bit of excitement there.
Then about a week after if was officially released, it popped up in the news. Why? Because speculation suggested it was ghostwritten. Now, I didn't actually know what a ghostwriter was, so after a quick splash in the google box, I realised what this meant. Before freaking out, I did whatever research I could, because the media tend to exaggerate things.
Facts: Siobhan Curham is thanked in Zoe's acknowledgements as "being there every step of the way" along with the editor. It is unexplained what Curhams job in the book is. Not long ago, Curham published a blog post telling the world that she recently had to write a 400pg long novel for a company (approx the same length as Girl Online). She doesn't disclose what novel it was.
So, everyone is saying that Girl Online was ghostwritten. Appropriately, Zoe's addresses the issue in a tweet:
"Thanks for all the positive feedback about Girl Online and for the doubters out there, of course I was going to have help from Penguin's editorial team in telling my story, which I talked about from the beginning. Everyone needs help when they try something new. The story and the characters of Girl Online are mine. I want to thank all of you who have taken time to support the book."
Penguin also said “To be factually accurate, you would need to say Zoe Sugg did not write the book Girl Online on her own.”
Her name is on the book as the only author, but on GoodReads Zoe Sugg and Siobhan Curham and both listed as authors.
I believe she wrote parts of it, that it was a joint effort. I don't mind that she got help - that's fine, if you were her you would probably accept help too - but if she'd told us rather than the media blabbing it all, that would have been nice. I would have liked it if she'd disclosed it, rather than having to confess after someone found out her secret. I follow her blog, and she has written a few posts where she says she was "writing her book."
But I would like to say THAT IT IS NOT FAIR that Zoe is recieving all the backlash for something that has been happening for years. I'm not a fan of ghostwriting, but I don't blame Zoe for doing it, there are tons of celebrities that get their books ghostwritten, so why should Zoe get all the disparagement? She's one amazing young lady and she doesn't deserve all this hate! Plus, most of what the media is saying is bollux!
I don't have great expectations as to the quality of this book, but hey, I never did in the first place when I put it on my wish list!!! I don't expect it to be fantastic, I just feel like having it on my bookshelf will be an inspirational reminder to keep writing.
I don't care if people think I'm just another girl, buying into their schemes. I genuinely think that Zoe is a lovely person (even though I haven't met her). I think of her as a friend, and yes maybe she wasn't completely honest about who wrote it (I said maybe - I will never judge someone I have never met), but I can move past that and enjoy the book anyway.
I can't stop thinking about it. In a wonderful way, I enjoyed Girl Online very much. I kind of forgot that it was Zoe's book halfway through, so for those of you who don't know who she is, I wouldn't completely discount this book. Although if you have never heard of her and don't follow her, you will probably not get all the references, the insight into her life, and it won't be as special. It doesn't compare in quality to something like "To Kill A Mockingbird" (not many books do to be fair) but it was a lovely read. Romantic too - and let's be honest, who doesn't love a sweet little love story.
The way it was written just made me feel all sweet inside, and the story flowed nicely. There were a few points when I would have pulled out my thesaurus and swapped some of the words to make it sound more eloquent, but I'm a word freak so we can forget I said that because it doesn't really count as criticism. The book was very "Zoe" (again it is better if you have been following her), but it didn't really feel like her "voice"coming from the pages. Loved it all the same though.
The word that is going to get overused in this part is "sweet." Because that's exactly how I would describe the plot. It's very relatable to a young girl, with fairy lights, bath bombs, New York, blogging, self-confidence, boys, photography. I've read a lot of reviews saying that the plot was "predictable" but I didn't find it too bad. I was actually on the edge of my seat to be utterly honest! (Let's just say it was a bit of no-makeup duvet day). It always amazes me when I read a book and I find my emotions getting entangled in the characters lives and beings, and it touches me in a wonderful way. I'm sounding cheesy now, it was inevitable at some point in this post.But seriously, it was....sweet.
Among the many positives, this book helped me gain an insight into panic attacks. After hearing Zoe talk about the Girl Online, I was a bit worried that it would be dominated with anxiety issues and whatnot, but it was all interwoven nicely and even though I don't struggle with anxiety myself, I found it mildly interesting and I finally get what a panic attack is.
Overall, I'd have to say that this novel is hard to fault. Sugary as frosted cupcakes with caramel sprinkles! And, did I mention, it is the fastest selling book of the year? Woo woo!
Characters: 3 stars ★★★ (I would give more but I don't think "Penny" and "Noah" are particularly original names - sorry to be picky, it's a personal thing!)
I want to spend a whole page fangirling and raving about Girl Online, but who would take me seriously if just said that I loved loved loved loved loved loved this book?
PS: I'd like to point out that all the hate she is getting online right now is quite ironic - SPOILER ALERT - that's what happens to Penny in the book. She recently tweeted out, which was also written in the book as one of Penny's blog posts, that "every time you post something online you have a choice - either to make someone happy, or to take away their happiness."
Who am I? Good question. I’m still working on it. For starters my name is Madison (I know that much). I’m just gonna go right out that there and say that I have a secret obsession with the stars in the night sky, I run lollipops under water to get more “lollipop juice”, I have a fear of being wrong, and although I like to think that I don’t care WHAT people think, I still get a bit self-conscious at 80s dress up parties. Most importantly I am a follower of Jesus. Thank you please and very much to you, continue on with your life.
Japanese Amakusa-shoto, archipelago off western Kyushu, Japan, in the Amakusa Sea. Administered by Kumamoto ken (prefecture), it includes about 100 islands, the largest of which are Kami (Upper) Island and Shimo (Lower) Island. There is little farming because of the rough, mountainous terrain, and there are few industries, but forestry, orange cultivation, and offshore fishing are actively
Also spelled water mould any of about 150 species of fungi belonging to the order Saprolegniales within the class Oomycetes. Many of them live in fresh or brackish water or wet soils. Most species are saprobic (i.e., they live on dead or decaying organic matter), although some cause diseases in certain fishes, higher plants, algae, protozoans, and marine invertebrates. The mycelium (filaments composing
(Greek), Egyptian Iunu , or Onu (Pillar City) , biblical On one of the most ancient Egyptian cities, and the seat of worship of the sun god, Re. It was the capital of the 15th nome of Lower Egypt, but Heliopolis was important as a religious rather than a political centre. Its great temple of Re was second in size only to that of Amon at Thebes, and its priesthood wielded great influence, particularly during the 5th dynasty, when the worship
Also spelled Mandal Gobi, town, central Mongolian People's Republic. The town is located on the transition zone of scattered bunch grass of the great Gobi (desert) about 186 miles (300 km) south of Ulaanbaatar, the national capital. The area's economy is dominated by animal husbandry, as the terrain and climate are too harsh for agriculture. Sheep, cattle, and goats survive on the scanty vegetation. Light
Balaguer was a precocious youth; his first dramatic essay, Pépin el Jorobado; o, el hijo de Carlomagno (1838; Pippin the Hunchbacked; or, The Son of Charlemagne), was staged in Barcelona when he was 14. At 19 he was publicly crowned after the production of his second play, Don Enrique el Dadivoso (1843; Don Henry
Silko, of mixed Laguna Pueblo, white, and Mexican ancestry, grew up on the Laguna Pueblo reservation in New Mexico, where she learned Laguna traditions and myths. After attending Bureau of Indian Affairs schools and graduating
Join our private mailing list video, send: "I wanna get private!" to [email protected] (You will receive our YouTube videos only seen by private subscribers).
Stellar (in Korean: 스텔라, also stylized as STELLAR) is a South Korean girl band formed in 2011 by The Entertainment Pascal. The group attracted attention as they were initially produced by Eric Mun of the boy band Shinhwa. Stellar gained notoriety in February 2014, when they adopted a more "provocative" image for the release of their first extended play “Marionette”. The album's title track peaked at number thirty-five on the Gaon Digital Chart. The group is composed of 4 members:
Kpop best of of cute Korean girl, dance during live performance at concert 2016 // Fancam of idol Stellar's Hyoeun, dancing on stage.
Show k-pop performer on stage, k-girl fan cam video fancam HD. Korean girl band idols, cover dancing group, HYOEUN dancer from STELLAR performers from Korea.
Join our private mailing list video, send: “I wanna get private!” to [email protected] (You will receive our YouTube videos only seen by private subscribers).
Stellar (in Korean: 스텔라, also stylized as STELLAR) is a South Korean girl band formed in 2011 by The Entertainment Pascal. The group attracted attention as they were initially produced by Eric Mun of the boy band Shinhwa. Stellar gained notoriety in February 2014, when they adopted a more “provocative” image for the release of their first extended play “Marionette”. The album’s title track peaked at number thirty-five on the Gaon Digital Chart. The group is composed of 4 members:
Kpop best of of cute Korean girl, dance during live performance at concert 2016 // Fancam of idol Stellar’s Hyoeun, dancing on stage.
Be succinct, constructive, and relevant to the story. Leaving a comment means you agree to our Discussion Guidelines. We like civilized discourse. We don't like spam, lying, profanity, harassment or personal attacks.
Copyright ©2018 Santa Barbara Independent, Inc. Reproduction of material from any Independent.com pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. If you believe an Independent.com user or any material appearing on Independent.com is copyrighted material used without proper permission, please click here.
Built in 2016, and located just opposite the mainline train station, Freeman Court offers 65 Independent Living apartments designed for the over 55s. Apartments are for available for rent.
Set amongst the City Centre’s mixture of green open spaces, shops, cafes and restaurants, Freeman Court offers a range of on-site facilities including a residents’ lounge, restaurant and garden.
Rent is £126 per week for a one bedroom apartment or £151.50 per week for a two bedroom apartment. Find out more about additional costs and support.
Author Kim HawksworthPublished on 05/14/2018 05/16/2018 2 Comments on Lewis Center to Marysville to Upper Arlington
Despite a forecast of rain and storms, I managed to make it to three events over the weekend, one as a spectator and two as a participant. Best of all, not one drop of rain fell on my head.
I started the weekend with a visit to Lewis Center, Ohio on Thursday evening for week two of Wholly Joe's Summer Cruise Nights. More than thirty cars showed up during the hour I was there. Because of the limited parking, the cruise-in is reserved for vehicles 25 years and older.
One of the vehicles to show up this week was this awesome Chevrolet Thriftmaster pick up. The truck was absolutely pristine!
Archives Select Month November 2018 (4) October 2018 (11) September 2018 (9) August 2018 (10) July 2018 (10) June 2018 (12) May 2018 (10) April 2018 (8) March 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (1) October 2017 (9) September 2017 (7) August 2017 (8) July 2017 (10) June 2017 (11) May 2017 (8) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (7) February 2017 (7) January 2017 (9)
2018 Chevrolet Spark EV Review, Redesign, Specs, Release Date – Canadian GM sellers at last offer you the 2018 Chevrolet Spark EV in 2018 to the typical community, it was...
span, the automaker is resizing the full-size, three-row crossover for the 2018 model year as a midsize crossover with an available third-row bench. GMC states the new midsize 2018 GMC...
model. The 2018 Ram 2500 HD, as properly as the 2018 Ram 3500 HD will feature the most effective in class 900 pound-feet of torque. The new 2018 Ram 3500...
2018 BMW 3-Series Redesign, Change, Price, Release Date – 2018 Bmw 3 Series is prepared to be the 2018 model, is an current version of the BMW 3-Series. As we...
have its previous debut in 2018 meanings there will absolutely certainly be a bunch of opportunity connected to the changes on it. 2018 Dodge Durango Future The 2018 Dodge Durango...
2018 Hyundai Veloster Review, Specs, Change, Price – The 2018 Hyundai Veloster Turbo is not predicted to stay less than the veil for as well prolonged; it is at the...
BB code is a set of tags based on the HTML language that you may already be familiar with. They allow you to add formatting to your messages in the same way as HTML does, but have a simpler syntax and will never break the layout of the pages you are viewing. The ability to use BB code is set on a forum-by-forum basis by the administrator, so you should check the forum rules when you post a new message.
[url] www.example.com [/url] - don't put spaces between the bracketed code and the text you are applying the code to.
The [list] tag allows you to create advanced lists by specifying an option. The option should have a value of 1 (for a numbered list) or A (for an alphabetic with capital letters list) or a (for an alphabetic with lowercase letters list) or I (for a numbered with capital Roman numeral list) or i (for a numbered with small Roman numeral list).
The [img] tag allows you to embed images within your posts. You can also combine this tag with the [url] tag to make images become links.
The [php] tag performs the same function as the [code] tag, but also adds syntax highlighting for PHP code. Although it is designed for PHP, it may correctly highlight some other C-like languages.
The [attach] tag allows you to display an attachment in your post rather than at the bottom. It will only display attachments that belong to the post in which it is utilized.
Open vacancies for the position - Hire Manager - in Hirebase. Follow the link at the bottom of the description to a job.
Generating new customers and developing long lasting relationships in the process. Access to a fantastic discounted shopping website.... Apply for a Job
nable high volume, automated, electronic processes that send queries or data to the systems of Registry Operator, a Registrar, or Afilias except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing registrations. All rights reserved. Publi
c Interest Registry reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. By submitting this query, you agree to abide by this policy.
Arrow Season 7 Episode 5 The Daily Show Season 24 Episode 20 DC's Legends of Tomorrow Season 4 Episode 4 Murdoch Mysteries Season 12 Episode 8 The Voice Season 15 Episode 15 The Real Housewives of Orange County Season 13 Episode 17 People Just Do Nothing Season 5 Episode 6 Happy Together (2018) Season 1 Episode 7 People Just Do Nothing Season 5 Episode 3 The Good Doctor Season 2 Episode 7 Late Night with Seth Meyers Season 6 Episode 21 24 Hours in A&E Season 16 Episode 1 People Just Do Nothing Season 5 Episode 1 Eli Roth’s History of Horror Season 1 Episode 6 Long Island Medium Season 13 Episode 6
Violence and mayhem erupt after a man stumbles upon a bloody crime scene, a stash of heroine and $2 million in cash in Miramax Films No Country For Old Men. Acclaimed filmmakers The Coen Brothers deliver their most viscerally compelling and ambitious film yet in this gripping crime saga in which money is as irresistible as bad choices are inevitable, and where every decision has potentially catastrophic consequences. Adapted from the novel by Pulitzer prize-winning author, Cormac McCarthy and starring an acclaimed cast led by Academy Award® winner Tommy Lee Jones, this mesmerizing game of cat and mouse will have you on the edge of your seat until the nail biting end.
Sakura tries to heal Naruto, but her medical ninjutsu has little effect on his wounds. In the forest, Orochimaru tries to kill Sai, but it is revealed to be an ink clone. The real Sai emerges from the ground and gives Orochimaru a letter from Danzo. Sai, then, leaves with Orochimaru and Kabuto for their hideout, with Yamato's wood clone on their trail. After Naruto comes to his senses, the team reaches the battlefield spot, and picks up Sai's picture book. From what his clone observed, Yamato infers that Danzo seeks to destroy Konoha with Orochimaru's aid.
From the 15th of October 2018, the Asian Turtle Program (ATP) team is spending 10-days in the field to collect information on the existence of the world’s rarest turtle species, the Swinhoe’s softshell turtle (Rafetus swinhoei) in Lai Chau province, northern Vietnam. Following the Da (Black) River, 91 interviews have been completed so far, with 15 trade records for shells and live turtles turtles of three species recorded.
For Rafetus we have heard of a number of historical records, with sightings and hunting of the species about 10 years ago. However, since the Son La hydroelectric was dam completed in 2009, those animals have no longer been seen along the stretch of Da River above the dam. The interviewees also claimed that there was no giant softshell turtles caught recently, but with a massive area of valleys now flooded it is possibly that some Rafetus have survived and are now difficult to locate in these expansive sections of remote river.
We would like to send our special thanks to Nguyen the Tuan of Bac Giang University of Agriculture and Forestry and Nong Van Luong of the Vietnam National University of Forestry for joining us on this interview survey as volunteers. We also thank Lai Chau Forestry Protection Department for their support for this survey.
We would like to thank the Biodiversity Conservation Agency (BCA) of the Ministry of Natural Resources and the Environment (MoNRE), Fisheries Department and Forest Protection Department (FPD), the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo, Ohio, USA (CMZ), the Turtle Conservation Fund (TCF), IUCN, Critical Ecosystem Partnership Fund (CEPF), British Chelonia Group (BCG), the Mohamed bin Zayed Species Conservation Fund (MBZ), Ocean Park Conservation Foundation (OPCF), as well as all individuals for their continuous supports to the Rafetus project.
A view of the Da River, historical habitat of Rafetus in Lai Chau province where some animals might still survive. Photo by: Nguyen Tai Thang – ATP/IMC
Nguyen The Tuan of Bac Giang University of Agriculture and Forestry collecting morphological measurements of an adult Keeled box turtle during Lai Chau Interview survey. Photo by: Hoang Van Ha – ATP/IMC.
Support Our Conservation Activities, if you would like our program and activities please visit our donations page or click the donate button
ATP would like to thanks the Mohamed bin Zayed Species Conservation Fund for supporting this website
Some cars go so far beyond the normal remit of a road goer that real analysis of cornering speed, top end stability and braking performance go out the window. Sometimes it’s enough to accept a few brief stabs on the loud pedal, feel the briefest nudge of opposite lock on the slowest corner and appreciate one of the world’s finest cars in the flesh.
Cars like the Pagani Zonda F are pure theatre, and the giggling schoolboy within became increasingly difficult to stamp down as I was offered the driving seat in €478,000-worth of instant heritage.
Pagani has built his reputation on the Zonda, his first and only car. He’ll be ready to release something new upon the world in two years, but it’s a measure of the Zonda’s flamboyant design, as well as its exclusivity, that the visual impact of the basic design remains wrecking ball strong after seven years.
The cab-forward design apes the 1980s Group C sportscars of decades past, but does it beautifully and exquisitely prepared and polished detail pieces adorn the car at every opportunity: from the carbon-fibre headlight surrounds to the badge set high in front of the windscreen. Then there’s the Gatling-gun quad exhaust, taking pride of place, dominating the rear and serving as the Zonda’s calling card.
As for the interior, well it’s grander than Liberace’s piano. There are vents on naked carbon-fibre stalks, a bejewelled instrument panel and sculpted, embroidered leather and instrument panel with aircraft-style switches.
The flat-bottomed wood wheel was a touch too much for my tastes and the whole interior was decidedly camp, but this is bespoke engineering and Pagani took weeks to meet one customer request for a gearstick like his jet’s main control. They’ve decked cars out in Ostrich leather and, within reason, they’ll do what you want on the inside of the car.
Now to get the differences between the ‘oh-so-standard’ Zonda C12S and the F out of the way - they’re huge, there are 60 new components under the skin and even that, together with the carbon tub, has been modified, with a different weave lightening and strengthening the whole structure.
The nose cone is longer and a cunning inverted scoop under the cowl now provides even more downforce on the front end. And ceramic brake discs feature on the Zonda for the first time here, as Pagani is finally convinced the noise and durability concerns have been answered by Brembo’s latest developments. The changes are far from cosmetic.
The single-plane rear wing is a more effective weapon than the multi-element number on its sibling and this machine develops 602bhp as standard – 650bhp in Clubsport spec. Only 25 will ever be built, there are only slightly more than 60 Zondas in total around the world anyway, but if you want a hypercar you’ll never tire of, this is the place to come.
Only the Porsche Carrera GT and Ferrari Enzo breathe this rarified air, and the Zonda F could stake its claim at the top of this particular triumvirate on a number of grounds. It doesn’t have that ceramic clutch or knife edge handling of the Carrera GT, nor the flappy paddle gearbox and need for a service every 35 miles that goes with the Enzo.
Underneath the window dressing the Zonda F relies on basic engineering and owners have been known to rack up 20,000km a year. Each part is analysed, by the way, everything that goes on to this machine is perfect in its construction.
The 7.3-litre AMG-tuned Mercedes V12 is the most complex part of the car by a long way, but it’s still relatively unstressed, produces 560lb ft of torque and powers the carbon-tubbed, 1230kg supercar to 216mph.
It will also scorch to 60mph in 3.6s and break through 125mph before the 10 count, which felt like’s angels opening Heaven’s gates opening and ushering me through. The boat-like engine doesn’t offer the Maranello-style high-revving whine, it’s a deeper, more aggressive note that somehow reveals more of the mechanical violence going on just inches away.
That exhaust, hydroformed from Inconel – widely used in Formula One and military applications – has a glorious song. Kept on a gentle throttle in sixth gear, which is all you’ll ever need to do with this torque happy basking shark of car through town, the V12 rumbles as it lazily turns over. But hit the gas and the bypass valves open, all 12 valves roar and the world, as it used to be, comes to an end.
The Zonda F as fast in a straight line as any car on the road, give or take a fraction, so inevitably it takes off like a scalded whippet and simply sucks in the landscape like a bad Star Trek special effect when given its head.
All I had to do is keep a hold of the ornate wheel, keep banging through the rock solid Cima six-speed and get back on the power. Traction control mops up the excess at the back, while leaving just enough leeway for a small slide and that whiff of opposite lock.
Pagani’s customers include mega-rich businessmen, royalty and sporting stars, they’re not necessarily the world’s best driver and in this car they don’t need to be.
It’s not just the Bosch traction control unit, it’s the sheer accessibility on offer from the car as a whole. The design means the corners can be placed with absolute precision, although the wider rear track that accommodates the meticulously toothed 20” magnesium alloy wheels and provides prodigious levels of grip must be accounted for on mountain roads.
The ride is totally flat, supple and forgiving thanks to a meticulously developed Ohlins and Bilstein set-up that is designed to lap up the kind of broken, rural Italian tarmac we had to contend with. It was developed on such roads, after all.
This car is so composed it accepted heavy braking and a yank on the wheel with the enthusiastic Mr Pagani at the wheel, the ABS juddered, the wall loomed large, but the car still turned in. It wasn’t something I’d have tried, as the foot-shaped hole in the middle of the passnger footwell will attest to, but it was a devastatingly effective demonstration of the Zonda F’s skills.
This is no racer for the road, it’s a well thought-out, comfortable machine that just happens to corner better than anything without sponsor logos and primetime national coverage.
In another life, the chassis could easily have formed the basis of a GT racer. Legend has it that when composites expert Horatio Pagani presented his first Zonda chassis to Mercedes, they were rather surprised to find it was stuffer the Sauber’s world sportscar entry. This one is stiffer still, but Pagani doesn’t talk about torsional rigidity improvements, he talks about art and the joys of engineering.
“When I started I didn’t want to build better cars than Ferrari or Lamborghini, just like Michaelangelo didn’t set out to be better than Leonardo,” said the man who has his first battered model car in a display case alongside greats from automotive history. “I just wanted to express myself.”
There was another reason for the F, too. Argentine Pagani’s good friend Juan Manuel Fangio was heavily involved in the first project and the Zonda was destined to bear his name. After the great man passed away, Pagani felt he could not take his name in vain. But he wished to pay homage to the man rated by many as the best racing driver of all time. This car, his greatest car to date, is far more than a fitting tribute.
SKN has released a new performance package for the Audi S6. First, the stage one package features an optimized ECU which enables the twin-turbo 4.0-liter V8 engine to generate 543 HP – 399 kW and 687 Nm (507 lb-ft) of torque. It enables the model to sprint from 0 to 100 km/h (62mph) in 4.6 seconds and reach a top speed of over 309 km/h (192 mph).
Exterior-wise, the Audi has been restyled by a decent bit, now featuring a redesigned front fascia and a rear sports diffuser. Upon request, SKN will also be able to fit the Audi with a suspension lowering module, which reduces the ride height of the car by up to 40 mm, alongside a new set of wheels measuring 20 or 21 inches in diameter.
Powered by the V8 twin-turbo engine with only reprogramming ECU and now able to produces 543 horsepower and 687 Nm of torque, giving the car ability to accelerates 0-100 km/h in just 4.6 seconds and a top speed of 309 km/h.
The most powerful package is the Stage 3, allowing the engine to deliver a respectable 560 HP (412 kW) and 701 Nm (517 lb-ft) of torque. It permits an acceleration from 0-100 km/h (62 mph) 0.1 seconds faster, in 4.5 seconds, while the top speed reaches 311 km/h (193 mph).
SRK Cycles is a motorcycle dealership located in Landisville, PA. We post awesome videos of the bikes that we get in! Our inventory is always changing so check out our website to see what is currently in stock here. http://www.srkcycles.com/
Get your gear from the same place the SRK Cycles get their gear! http://www.srkcycles.com/–cyclegear1
We are giving away a free motorcycle! This is the easiest giveaway you can get in. Click here to get yourself signed up! (U.S. only) http://www.srkcycles.com/–dyna_giveaway_landing_page
buy motorcycles in Canada – The Harley Davidson V Rod (Red headed Step child) #Buy #Motorcycles in #Canada
buy motorcycles in Canada – 2018 New Kawasaki Ninja 400 | Official Video – Full #Buy #Motorcycles in #Canada
Triumph revealed its new Speedmaster, a modern British cruiser that shares many similarities with the Bonneville Bobber but with more practical versatility. The 2018 Triumph Bonneville Speedmaster is targeted for those who like the Bonneville T120 but want more touring capability and cruiser styling or a Bonneville Bobber but want seating for a passenger.
The new Speedmaster is powered by the same 1200cc High Torque engine and the same tuning as the Bobber, claiming 77 hp at 6100 rpm and 78.2 lb-ft. at 4000 rpm. According to Triumph, the engine produces 10% more horsepower and torque than the Bonneville T120 at 4500 rpm. And for those who are familiar with the old 865cc Speedmaster, the new model and its larger engine claims a 25% increase in peak horsepower and 42% increase in maximum torque output. The chromed stainless steel exhaust system is actually twin-skinned to hide the catalytic converter, and delivers a distinctive exhaust note Triumph describes as being deeper and richer than the Bonneville T120. A ride-by-wire throttle system offers two riding modes, Road and Rain. Cruise control and traction control come as standard.
The chassis is similar to the Bobber’s, with a gloss black powder coated tubular steel twin cradle frame and a hard-tail look. The rear subframe is different, to better support the weight of a passenger. Rider footpegs are mounted farther forward for a cruiser-style riding position while the swept back beach bars make for an easy, comfortable reach.
The wire spoke front wheel sports twin 310mm discs with Brembo twin-piston floating calipers. A single 255mm rotor and single-piston Nissin caliper is paired to the rear wheel. ABS comes standard.
The gaitered 41mm cartridge front fork offers 3.5 inches of travel while the hidden rear shock offers 2.9 inches of travel, which Triumph claims is up to 36% more than similar-styled bikes from other manufacturers. The rear shock is also preload adjustable with multiple stepped settings to improve rider and pillion comfort. Speaking of pillions, the rear seat is removable, and Triumph offers an optional backrest.
Other features include a full LED headlight (with daytime running light in some markets outside North America), LED rear light, LED turn signals, circular instrument nacelle with analog tachometer and LCD digital display, and a torque-assist clutch for reduced clutch lever effort. The fuel tank is larger than the Bobber’s, holding 3.2 gallons of fuel. Triumph claims the Speedmaster gets 65.4 mpg. Triumph also claims a 590 pound dry weight.
The 2018 Triumph Bonneville Speedmaster will arrive in dealerships in February, with three color options: Jet Black, Cranberry Red and a two-tone Fusion White and Phantom Black with twin coach line. Pricing is to be announced.
Today we install a really cool looking mod for my 2017 Camaro ZL1..I’ve always wanted one on my car and now I HAVE ONE!!
I’m a Full-Time YouTuber who does MotoVlogs. I’m here to share my life with you guys in these Life Vlogs, and hope to one day travel the world meeting all of you cool subscribers!
In this compilation – bikers vs angry people – motorcycle road rage – bad drivers caught on GoPro – stupid drivers on their phone!
Massive thanks to all theses channels for letting me use their content!!! Check out the original links and subscribe to their channel, let them know we sent you be commenting #TimeToGetCrazy on their video!!
*all links are affiliate links, by clicking them and buying something your supporting motorbike craziness and i thank you from the bottom of my heart :)*
buy motorcycles in Canada – Angry People Vs Bikers | Motorcycle Road Rage | Bad Drivers 2017!!! #Buy #Motorcycles in #Canada
For your search query Suroor New Song Bilal Saeed And Neha we have found 211772 mp3 songs but showing only top 8 results. Now we recommend you to download first result Suroor - Neha Kakkar & Bilal Saeed Official Video of bitrate 320 Kbps which is uploaded by Desi Music Factory.
If you like Suroor New Song Bilal Saeed And Neha songs, please like and share with your friends, chrismarshallmusic website.
chrismarshallmusic.com is the best way to provide free, fast and powerful access to millions of music files available on internet. Here you can search, share and download audio mp3 files for free. DMCA
Mischa Zverev has won 124 tour-level matches in his career. And after beating Kazakh Mikhail Kukushkin 7-6(9), 6-4 in one hour, 59 minutes at the Nature Valley International on Friday, the 30-year-old will have a third chance to lift his maiden ATP World Tour title.
“It was close. It was very tight, especially the tie-break in the first set. It was a lot of back and forth and I think I was very fortunate to win that set,” Zverev said. “It was a very close game, a few points here and there, but luckily I was able to come through.”
The left-handed German won 73 per cent of first-serve points, constantly attacking the net and staving off the World No. 90's strong returns to reach his third tour-level final. Zverev, who finished runner-up in Metz in 2010 and in Geneva last year, is into his first championship match on grass, on which he holds a 27-25 record according to the FedEx ATP Performance Zone.
“I like grass,” Zverev said. "It’s great here, especially the courts here are unbelievable. I’m enjoying myself in Eastbourne.”
He will enjoy it even more if he is able to lift his maiden trophy on Saturday. But Lukas Lacko, the 2012 Zagreb finalist who is also competing for his first title, stands in his way. The Slovakian advanced to his first ATP World Tour final for close to six-and-a-half years with a 6-3, 6-4 victory against fourth-seeded Italian Marco Cecchinato, fresh off his semi-final appearance at Roland Garros.
Lacko, who has grown in confidence since he recorded the biggest win of his career over World No. 11 Diego Schwartzman in the second round, lost just seven of his service points and struck nine aces for victory in 59 minutes at Devonshire Park. Now 7-7 in tour-level matches this season, he has also captured his 12th ATP Challenger Tour crown in Glasgow (d. Vanni). Cecchinato, the Gazprom Hungarian Open titlist (d. Millman), had not won a professional grass-court match prior to this week. He drops to 15-11 in 2018.
Lacko, who currently is World No. 94, is now projected to reach at least No. 73 on Monday, his highest position in the ATP Rankings since November 2013. He can climb even further with a win against Zverev, who won their only previous FedEx ATP Head2Head series meeting on grass in Halle last year.
“I hope it’s going to be a good match,” Zverev said. “This year, everything’s different. We’re meeting in the final, not the first round, and we’ll see what’s going to happen.”
Mischa Zverev has won three ATP World Tour doubles titles, triumphing twice in 2008 and earning a third trophy last year in Montpellier with his brother, Alexander Zverev.
It was well worth the wait for Mischa Zverev. Three years ago, the German was contemplating his future in pro tennis after struggling with a catalogue of injuries. Now, he is an ATP World Tour champion.
Zverev lifted his maiden trophy at the Nature Valley International, defeating Lukas Lacko 6-4, 6-4 on the grass of Eastbourne. With the win, he becomes the eighth first-time winner in 2018, matching last season's total. It marks the fourth consecutive year in which a player over the age of 30 has entered the winners' circle for the first time.
Feels amazing, yes. It was definitely one of the emotional moments in my life. Beating Andy Murray in Australia was special, but there you win a match, you're still in it and the tournament's not over. But here you're the last one standing, pretty much, at the end of the week, and you have the trophy, so it's
Was winning this title something you'd always wanted to achieve when you decided to become a tennis player?
I always wanted to win at least a title. For many years I didn't believe in myself. I didn't think I was going to do it, especially when I was ranked 1100. But thank God I have my family and my brother and the whole team, my wife who is always telling me, 'No, you can achieve things, you can do big things. Just believe in yourself, work hard, and it's going to pay off one day.' Luckily I have them, and luckily I was able to listen to them, believe in myself, and just keep working and wait for it. Finally, I'm here. It's incredible.
You reached your first tour-level final nearly eight years ago in Metz. Has lifting this first trophy weighed on you at all?
I don't know. I need to digest the week and just wake up tomorrow and see how I feel and also see how I feel in my next matches. But it's definitely something that I can put a check mark on the box. It's just phenomenal. I don't know what to say. As a player, you work towards being the best, even if it's not maybe No. 1 in the world, but being the best in the tournament in that particular week.
There are so many tournaments, but it doesn't matter. If you're the last one there on Sunday or Saturday, that means you were the best in that week at this place. And this is something that everyone works for. It's just a unique and great feeling. I hope it's going to help me in the future. It's going to take pressure off of me. It's going to give me more confidence, show me that I can play five matches and win them all and win the tournament and I can do it physically and mentally. So I hope it's going to help me.
You have just registered your 125th tour-level singles victory in your career. How does this victory today rank among all of them?
It's probably the most important as far as getting the trophy. I mean, would I say was it the best performance, the best match or most emotional match? Probably not. I can think of matches like against Andy Murray in Australia or even John Isner in Australia where I was two sets to love down, match point down. Definitely incredibly emotionally different, but winning a trophy is just unique.
Last year was arguably the best of your career. You reached World No. 25. You beat Andy at the Aussie Open, as you said. Now that you have won this title, what's the next goal you have set your sights on?
Actually, try to improve my career-high [ATP] ranking. Just see what I still have in me. Just be up there. I think I want to finish in the Top 50 and try to play well and stay healthy and be ranked Top 100 for as many years as possible.
How motivating has your brother Sascha's success been? Obviously he's playing very, very well at the moment. Did he give you a call yesterday or this morning before the final?
Actually he gave me a lot of tips against Denis Shapovalov, because he played him a few times. He wasn't really able to help me out today because he hasn't played Lacko, and I think he hasn't
But overall, he's someone who inspired me, who always made me believe in myself, because when we practise with each other, we have close matches and I can see that we're somewhat playing equally good. Then he goes on and wins big tournaments. That also makes me believe, okay, maybe I'm not too far off and I still have something inside of me which I can show one day.
Is there anyone in particular you'd like to acknowledge or thank for getting you to this milestone in your career?
Anyone in particular? Probably I can't say, because it would be my mom, my dad, my brother, and my wife, because they are the closest people to me that help me 24 hours a day. But also, [physical trainer] Jez Green has been I think an unbelievable help, because since we started working, I was able to reach so many new goals and just achieve incredible things, which I wasn't even able to dream of before meeting him.
So he's definitely been a great, great support and he's done an amazing job with me. I was struggling with my physical condition back in the day, and now I actually feel like I can play five days in a row and I feel fine, or I can play best-of-five sets and I feel fine. He's someone that I want to really thank. He's done an unbelievable job with both of us, my brother and I.
Flying. I have a pilot's license. I love flying. Before going to bed almost every night I read up on airplanes, flying, and that's my passion outside of tennis.
Old school tennis is alive and well in 2018. Employing an exclusive serve-and-volley gameplan, Mischa Zverev turned back the clock to take his first ATP World Tour title on Saturday at the Nature Valley International.
Zverev lifted his maiden trophy on the grass of Eastbourne with a 6-4, 6-4 victory over Lukas Lacko, sprinting forward and slicing and dicing his way to the crown after one hour and 37 minutes. He is the eighth first-time winner on the ATP World Tour in 2018, matching last season's total.
"It feels amazing," said an emotional Zverev. "It was definitely one of the emotional moments in my life. Beating Andy Murray in Australia was special, but there you win a match, you're still in it and the tournament's not over. But here you're the last one standing at the end of the week and you have the trophy, so it's definitely a very unique feeling.
"I always wanted to win at least a title. For many years I didn't believe in myself. I didn't think I was going to do it, especially when I was ranked 1100. But thank God I have my family and my brother and the whole team, my wife who is always telling me, no, you can achieve things, you can do big things. Just believe in yourself, work hard, and it's going to pay off one day.
"Luckily I have them and luckily I was able to listen to them, believe in myself, and just keep working and wait for it. Finally, I'm here. It's incredible."
Eight years removed from his first appearance in a title match, on the hard courts of Metz in 2010, Zverev's moment in the spotlight was well worth the wait. His victory marks the fourth consecutive year in which a player over the age of 30 has entered the winners' circle for the first time.
Zverev was a blanket at the net throughout the encounter, charging forward to cover every inch of Centre Court. The change in rhythm would rattle Lacko, whose unforced error count steadily rose throughout the 97-minute affair.
The German's textbook grass-court tactics paid dividends, as he converted an immediate break opportunity in the opening game of the match. Lacko had few answers on a sun-kissed afternoon in the English coastal city.
Zverev would battle for a second - and decisive - break after a 21-point game midway through the second set. Lacko did well to turn aside five opportunities but was unable to deny the sixth, as Zverev claimed an unassailable lead by 4-2. He secured the title with an ace on his first championship point. "I don't know what to say," Zverev added. "As a player, you work towards being the best, even if it's not maybe No. 1 in the world, but being the best in the tournament in that particular week. You know, there are so many tournaments, but it doesn't matter. If you're the last one there on Sunday or Saturday, then means you were the best in that week at this place. And this is something that everyone works for. It's just a unique and great feeling.
"I hope it's going to help me in the future. It's going to take pressure off of me. It's going to give me more confidence, show me that, like, I can play five matches and win them all and win the tournament and I can do it physically and mentally. So I hope it's going to help me."
When the body fails, perseverence prevails. Just three years ago, Zverev was on the brink of falling out of the ATP Rankings after a catalogue of injuries had the German reeling. Struck down by a fractured wrist, two fractured ribs, a herniated disc in his lower back, a small tear in the patella tendon in his knee, needless to say it has been a long journey to celebrate his maiden moment.
The 30-year-old joins brother Alexander Zverev as ATP World Tour titlists in 2018, marking the first time siblings have lifted singles trophies in the same season since 1989, when Emilio Sanchez and Javier Sanchez both tasted victory. He earns 250 ATP Rankings points, rising 16 spots to a projected No. 41, while also taking home €117,930 in prize money.
Lacko, meanwhile, falls to 0-2 in ATP World Tour finals, appearing in his first title match since a runner-up finish in Zagreb in 2012 (l. to Youzhny). Martin Klizan remains the only Slovakian to win a tour-level title in the last 15 years. He rises 21 spots to a projected No. 73 in the ATP Rankings.
Both players will next head to Wimbledon for the grass-court Grand Slam. Zverev opens against Pierre-Hugues Herbert, with a potential third-round clash against Rafael Nadal looming. Lacko faces qualifier Benjamin Bonzi in his opener, with top seed Roger Federer a potential second-round opponent.
This was the seventh meeting between Zverev and Lacko. The German and the Slovakian have met at the ITF Futures and ATP Challenger Tour levels, as well as in ATP World Tour qualifying and main draws. Zverev has taken five of the seven encounters.
Site title of www.rotaract-carmel.org is Rotaract Carmel – Just another WordPress site. IP is 108.179.232.94 on nginx/1.10.1 works with 937 ms speed. The charset for this site is utf-8.
Private cottages and apartments | House of 60 m2 in Grankullavik on northern Öland near the sandy beach Böda and Trollskogen. The cottage is for 4 people and is on its own lot.
Fresh cottage of 60 m2 with a combined living room and kitchen. Refrigerator, freezer, 4 ring stove, microwave, coffee maker. Electrical elements. One bedroom with two spring beds, a bedroom with one spring bed. Living room with a sofa bed for one person. Shower and toilet. Terrace, own site. (4000m2) Grill. Pets are not allowed. Smoking indoors is not allowed. BAD: Grankullavik 500 meter, Bödabukten Homrevet about 4 km. ORT: Löttorp 20 km Byxelkrok 8 km away.
0 children 1 child 2 children 3 children 4 children 5 children 6 children 7 children 8 children 9 children 10 children
Trumpmania is taking a break from dominating the global media headlines as UK Prime Minister Theresa May is the talk of the town after she finally invoked Article 50, effectively providing a letter to the European Union telling Europe that the United Kingdom wants a divorce.
HITACHI MICROWAVE OVEN REPAIR	We offer full range of electronic services in CHANDIGARH for both residential and commercial clients. We provide qualified and trained technician in CHANDIGARH to carry out the assigned jobs in a most professional way. Electronic repair services provided are HITACHI Microwave Oven Repair Service Centre In CHANDIGARH Customer care no.: 09595122011/ 08087611222 Email: serviceonwheel.com@gmail.com	Website: www.serviceonwheel.com
All inclusive Stays 5999 at our Scorpio Club , for a hassle-free vacation cum exploration of all things local, without the strain of calculating every trivial detail or expense. Stay at our resort, .. [more]
workout with health and fitness app! https://goo.gl/DpKS1Z	"https://www.cyberhealths.com/#/home ">Health,fitness< .. [more]
beneed provide home-based Beauty Services at Home for your party makeup and other occasions. So visit our website and appoint us now. Get more information please visit us: https: www.beneed.in .. [more]
DigicopsIndia is one of the best Bulk SMS Service providers in Gujarat. We offer the best deal for promotional & transactional bulk SMS services in India. If you are looking for genuine SMS marketing .. [more]
Web D School offers the best Web development training and Web designing training in Chennai with reasonable fees with 100 percent placement assistance. .. [more]
Experience Wildlife safari packages India and enjoy the safari by booking Bandhavgarh Tigers Tour Packages and Rajasthan wildlife tour packages. Enjoy the game drives in the morning and evenings to i .. [more]
Pratiiti is a multidisciplinary & holistic organisation focused on wellbeing. It is a one stop centre for career counseling & achieving optimal mental health. We empower the individuals to realise the .. [more]
Ombre tapestry can be used as bedspreads, throws, hangings in beach and rooms. These Ombre tapestries will spread love and peace. You can buy these Ombre tapestries at an affordable price from Handicr .. [more]
WiseLearner’s Scrum Master Training course is a hands-on two-day learning experience consist of equal amount of time divided for theory and practical of concepts. On the second day of training parti .. [more]
Chiffon sarees have an extremely glossy look making it ideal for glamorous and parties. Chiffon sarees embellished with Latest embroidered designs and zari work. Shop the best quality of Latest design .. [more]
Laptops combine the components, inputs, outputs, and capabilities of a desktop computer, including the display screen, small speakers, a keyboard, hard disk drive, optical disc drive, pointing devices .. [more]
This ease of deployment and implementation of latest technology update is quick and simple in this mutual fund software for IFA.When you're managing your portfolio, so the best wealth management softw .. [more]
G D Enterprise is a reputed name for manufacturer, supplier, and exporter of excellent quality air packaging. This box is designed and manufactured using advanced technology, best wooden materials, an .. [more]
WindhorseTour offers a chance to explore the cultural highlights of Tibet. Tibet is the province-level distractive region of China, located in a high mountain area in the south-western part. Our profe .. [more]
Now buy and sell used furniture and also get mobile, sofa, bed at lowest and discount prices. Use Gozefo Furniture Coupons of November 2018 and save more on your buy and sell orders at zeffo or Gozefo .. [more]
ECP is the Best Gate Coaching centre In Chandigarh. Our skilled faculties have an experience to give you the best coaching. Here we guide students with all advance techniques to face competitive examinations using effective teaching methodology. ECP being one of the renowned name for Gate coaching Chandigarh, is the top most to crack competitive exams easily. Join with us and crack GATE exam easily. For further details: Website: www.engineerscareerpoint.com/ Business Phone: 0172-406148
Listed below are some video and articles that associated to your searchterm hp layar 5.7 inc harga 1jutaan 2018. Please wait up until the loading complete to obtain a details relevant to hp layar 5.7 inc harga 1jutaan 2018:
I am really sorry if the articles on hp layar 5.7 inc harga 1jutaan 2018 are not provided in the articles above, You could likewise read more good articles are reading by other people here:
Explore our menu and see what makes Krispy Kreme soooo special! We are sure to have something to make everyone smile
Kristianstadsbladet är bäst i inloggat läge - som inloggad prenumerant har du obegränsad tillgång till allt innehåll.
After customizing your player (optional), copy and paste the embed code above. The code will change based on your selections.
What do we do when our internal value is challenged, when we feel that we have to adhere to cultural roles and group stereotypes of how to be "a man," "a good partner," "a loving parent" or a "productive employee" What happens when there's despair about this disparity of who we are and what we are expected to be.
Come re-discover your vital internal landscape, let's work together to creatively generate a more unified authentic and whole way of being. The invitation is to co-create sustainable change, transforming the pain of isolation, worry, confusion, barriers to intimacy and disempowerment into a restored and reconnected sense of being.
With the nurturing nonjudgemental containment of the therapeutic space, we will work collaboratively to bring awareness to areas of your innate strength and uncover disconnections and limiting patterns, from here we will develop actionable insights to promote change in areas of distress.
As a Licensed Clinician, longtime mindfulness practitioner and Depth Psychologist, I bring an integrative approach to my clinical practice. I believe that psychotherapy is a restorative and liberating force. In order to accomplish this, we must address some of the limitations of traditional psychotherapy which holds the view that the problem and solution lie within individual. I maintain a wider lens that allows me to consider that distress experienced by the individual may be rooted in deeper and wider historical, social, economic, cultural and political contexts. What this means is that we will deconstruct the problem and understand how that which ails us and its solutions are inextricably linked and inter-dependant with the relationship we have with our culture, community and enviornment. This tri-part connection is critical in restoring our well being and through this frame, I seek to not only support you to cope with what you're immediately facing but also to illuminate pathways for changing the conditions that stimulate these challenges, co-creating a robust, generative and joyful life.
"I’m extremely pleased with the gentleman that cleaned my carpets. Carpets look fabulous, I recommen- -ded you to all of our neighbors. Thanks for your help."
"The two guys that cleaned the air ducts in my house in Naperville were great. I’m very satisfied with the service and I would definitely use them again in the future. They were on time, careful with my belongings, and worked hard the entire time they were here. I highly recommend Kornell"
The 2008 Reserve Merlot is a deep dark red coloured wine with a classic lifted nose of plums and berries with a hint of red capsicum and spice, in a framework of delicious subtle oak. The palate is rich and deep with amazing pure intensity of both fruit flavours and smooth interwoven French oak. The tannins are polished, fine and strong giving a window to view this wines great potential. A wine that has the ability to age 5-15 years, but by drinking it now you can be assured of a perfect glass of red.
If drunk with food (which is one of life's greater pleasures), we certainly recommend the classic combination of roast beef with all the trimmings with this wine. Other combinations that should delight include any game bird (use truffle oil for basting), ox-tail in a reduced stock, and even classic Hungarian goulash.
“Fresh and well weighted with good balance and length. This has all the bases of a fine wine covered. It has lovely oak treatment too – its flavours already meshing with the grape-derived notes of blackberry, plum, menthol and fragrant pipe tobacco. It’s medium bodied with supple fine grained tannins and a kind of drawing-room charm. It doesn’t quite fill all the corners of the mouth, but given time to mature, we reckon it will. Lovely.”
Finding interesting, regionally true wines to add to our lists is always a difficult task. A task that seems infinitely more difficult when looking at the Margaret River region. Perhaps it is the tyranny of distance that stops many from making it across to the east coast. Whatever the reason the wines we crave to fill spots on the list just do not seem to come along very often. Thankfully we have been lucky enough recently to have the Reserve Merlot 2008 from Blue Poles thrust under our noses. A vibrant, varietal wine that benefits from deft winemaking which manages to happily strut the prowess of the region, variety and winemaker all in the same breath.
This is our second Reserve wine made at Blue Poles and as such represents the best wine that we can produce from our site in the heart of Margaret River. The 2008 vintage was classical for Margaret River red wine with initially quite wet spring conditions, leading into a dry but still early summer ensuring good flowering conditions. The conditions in summer were warm and dry, and that means the grapes were perfectly ripe with concentrated flavours due to the longer season. All of the vines had little to no disease pressure and were not damaged by birds that miraculously left the vines alone due to the proliferation of blossom from the surrounding Marri trees. A year that almost guarantees the quality of the wine!
The fruit was severely thinned prior to harvest, and handpicked early one morning, any grapes that were considered not "good enough to eat" were dropped on the ground. The technical data on these grapes are as below:
Sharna Kowalczuk, in her last vintage for Vasse River Wines, made this wine and she completed an exemplarily job with our grapes from ferment to barrel along with the new and talented winemaker Dave Johnson completing the process through to bottling. The wine was fermented in a closed vat and continuously “pumped over” to extract colour and tannins softly, with ferment being completed after 10 days. The wine was pressed and placed in French oak barrels and stored for 19 months.
This wine was made by tasting and re-tasting every barrel of wine that we had produced from the 2008 vintage until we came across a combination of 6 barrels that was simply exemplary. The structure of the wine, the poise and the tautness of all the wines elements were critical in the selection process – and when combined prior to bottling we realised that we have managed to continue this fine vein of wines under this label. Nearly 100% Merlot (there is a touch of Cabernet Franc); this wine mimics the wines of Pomerol in Bordeaux much to our delight.
white house with shutters a beautiful fall scene with a classic new white house and black shutters white house gray roof what color shutters.
You can only submit data for one Qualification at a time. If you wish to submit data for another Qualification, a link will be shown after successfully submitting this form.
Figures have been revealed from Nintendo’s financial reports that the Nintendo Switch sales are continuing to exceed all of their expectations. In their second quarter figures for 2018, the Switch sold a massive 3.19 million units (or 35,000 consoles EVERY DAY!). Combining this with a successful first quarter and prior sales, and the console has now reached a total of 22.86 million sales in its short lifespan.
In contrast, it’s predecessor, the WiiU has sold under 14 million units before it was discontinued. While it hasn’t matched the success of the Wii which sold over 101 million, it has overtaken the Gamecube which managed just over 21 million before being taken off the market. Despite being a younger machine, it has also beat its closest rival, the PS Vita which has currently amassed 16 million sales.
Many feel that the Switch is a natural successor to the Vita and we believe that a large number of Vita owners may have migrated to the Switch wanting to stay with a handheld platform.
It’s not just hardware that is performing well for Nintendo. Game sales have done remarkably well for the Switch, with over 111 million games sold for the platform since launch. Unsurprisingly the most popular so far have been from Nintendo’s established brands. Super Mario Odyssey has dominated the system with an attachment rate of over 50% with over 12 million copies sold. That’s followed by Mario Kart 8 Deluxe performing almost as well with 11.7 million.
Another firm favourite, The Legend Of Zelda: Breath of the Wild managed an impressive 10 million. Languishing behind these was Splatoon 2 although this still came in with over 7 million units. With strong support for indie developers and no shortage of new games on the horizon, it’s clear that the Switch has a strong future ahead of it…
This website and all of it's contents are copyright 1989-2017 Infinite Frontiers, All Rights Reserved.
No copyright or trademark infringement is intended of any of the holders of any of the intellectual properties referred to on this website in regards to reviews, articles or fan fiction posted on this site.
All computer software featured is either the original work of Infinite Frontiers or is featured here with the full permission of the copyright holders.
Infinite Frontiers uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best possible experience while using our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
You can now download on Uptodown MakeUp Ideas in the version 1.2, which is number 153 in its category. It’s available for Android 3.0.x, and is 100% sûr. Created by GellyApps, who has decided to share the app for gratuit, and already has a total number of 615 downloads on our website. The 882KB of This app MakeUp Ideas are less than the average size of other apps in its section which is 9.67MB. It also occupies the number 81437 in Uptodown’s overall ranking system. This page has 0 pictures of the application, it’s available in français and was updated 835 days ago; it has 1 previous versions. Some apps that are similar to MakeUp Ideas that you can also download are: MakeupPlus - Selfie Makeover, Textgram, Canva, IKEA Place, Coloring Book HD Titans Go, Write Name By Candle. People categorize it as makeup ideas, téléchargement makeup ideas, téléchargement makeup ideas gratuit, 2, 1, 0. How’s it sound? Download this program now for your Android!
PHP is a server-side scripting language for creating dynamic Web pages. PHP's programming syntax is very similar to that of Perl. Because of its elegant design, PHP makes it easy for anyone to learn. It is significantly easier than comparable Perl or ASP Code. Unlike other scripting languages, PHP supports the most common databases like Oracle, Sybase and MySQL. It is also possible to integrate external libraries to generate PDF documents or parsing XML PHP is an open-source language and is supported by a large groups of delvelopers. The code is downloadable from php.net.
PHP, MySQL and Apache articles, tutorials, guides. Also features daily updated developer news as well as a monthly developer newsletter packed with PHP programming tips and tricks.
Mission Reports with Wil & Ann Pounds Did you know we provide free Bible training courses for rural pastors and church leaders Honduras? Join us in prayer as we seek God's direction in other parts of Latin America. I Saw God Do It!
“Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs. He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep. He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, Lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep” (John 21:15-17).
How very much like to Christ before his crucifixion was Christ after his resurrection! Although he had lain in the grave, and descended into the regions of the dead, and had retraced his steps to the land of the living, yet how marvellously similar he was in his manners and how unchanged in his disposition. His passion, his death, and his resurrection, could not alter his character as a man any more than they could affect his attributes as God. He is Jesus for ever the same. And when he appeared again to his disciples, he had cast aside none of his kind manners; he had not lost a particle of interest in their welfare; he addressed them just as tenderly as before, and called them his children and his friends. Concerning their temporal condition he was mindful, for he said, “Children, have ye any meat?” And he was certainly quite as watchful over their spiritual state, for after he had supplied their bodies by a rich draught from the sea, with fish, (which possibly he had created for the occasion), he enquires after their souls’ health and prosperity, beginning with the one who might be supposed to have been in the most sickly condition, the one who had denied his Master thrice, and wept bitterly—even Simon Peter. “Simon, son of Jonas,” said Jesus, “lovest thou me?”
Without preface, for we shall have but little time this morning—may God help us to make good use of it!—we shall mention three things: first a solemn question—“Lovest thou me?” secondly, a discreet answer, “Yes, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee;” and thirdly, a required demonstration of the fact, “He saith unto him, Feed my lambs;” or, again, “Feed my sheep.”
I. First, then, here was A SOLEMN QUESTION, which our Saviour put to Peter, not for his own information, for, as Peter said, “Thou knowest that I love thee,” but for Peter’s examination. It is well, especially after a foul sin, that the Christian should well probe the wound. It is right that he should examine himself; for sin gives grave cause for suspicion, and it would be wrong for a Christian to live an hour with a suspicion concerning his spiritual estate, unless he occupy that hour in examination of himself. Self-examination should more especially follow sin, though it ought to be the daily habit of every Christian, and should be practised by him perpetually. Our Saviour, I say, asked this question of Peter, that he might ask it of himself; so we may suppose it asked of us this morning that we may put it to our own hearts. Let each one ask himself then, in his Saviour’s name, for his own profit, “Lovest thou the Lord? Lovest thou the Saviour? Lovest thou the ever-blessed Redeemer?”
Note what this question was. It was a question concerning Peter’s love. He did not say, “Simon, son of Jonas, fearest thou me.” He did not say, “Dost thou admire me? Dost thou adore me?” Nor was it even a question concerning his faith. He did not say, “Simon, son of Jonas, believest thou in me?” but he asked him another question, “Lovest thou me?” I take it, that is because love is the very best evidence of piety. Love is the brightest of all the graces; and hence it becomes the best evidence. I do not believe love to be superior to faith; I believe faith to be the groundwork of our salvation; I think faith to be the mother grace, and love springs from it; faith I believe to be the root grace, and love grows from it. But, then, faith is not an evidence for brightness equal to love. Faith, if we have it, is a sure and certain sign that we are God’s children; and so is every other grace a sure and certain one, but many of them cannot be seen by others. Love is a more sparkling one than any other. If I have a true fear of God in my heart, then am I God’s child; but since fear is a grace that is more dim and hath not that halo of glory over it that love has, love becomes one of the very best evidences and one of the easiest signs of discerning whether we are alive to the Saviour. He that lacketh love, must lack also every other grace in the proportion in which he lacketh love. If love be little, I believe it is a sign that faith is little; for he that believeth much loveth much. If love be little, fear will be little, and courage for God will be little; and whatsoever graces there be, though faith lieth at the root of them all, yet do they so sweetly hang on love, that if love be weak, all the rest of the graces most assuredly will be so. Our Lord asked Peter, then, that question, “Lovest thou me?”
And note, again, that he did not ask Peter anything about his doings. He did not say, “Simon Peter, how much hast thou wept? How often hast thou done penance on account of thy great sin? How often hast thou on thy knees sought mercy at my hand for the slight thou hast done to me, and for that terrible cursing and swearing wherewith thou didst disown thy Lord, whom thou hadst declared thou wouldst follow even to prison and to death?” No; it was not in reference to his works, but in reference to the state of his heart that Jesus said, “Lovest thou me?” To teach us this; that though works do follow after a sincere love, yet love excelleth the works, and works without love are not evidences worth having. We may have some tears; but they are not the tears that God shall accept, if there be no love to him. We may have some works; but they are not acceptable works, if they are not done out of love to his person. We may perform very many of the outward, ritual observances of religion; but unless love lieth at the bottom, all these things are vain and useless. The question, then, “Lovest thou me?” is a very vital question; far more so than one that merely concerns the outward conduct. It is a question that goes into the very heart, and in such a way that it brings the whole heart to one question; for if love be wrong, everything else is wrong. “Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?”
Ah! dear beloved, we have very much cause for asking ourselves this question. If our Saviour were no more than a man like ourselves, he might often doubt whether we love him at all. Let me just remind you of sundry things which give us very great cause to ask this question: “Lovest thou me?” I will deal only with the last week. Come, my Christian brother, look at thine own conduct. Do not thy sins make thee doubt whether thou dost love thy Master? Come, look over the sins of this week: when thou wast speaking with an angry word and with a sullen look, might not thy Lord have touched thee, and said, “Lovest thou me?” When thou wast doing such-and-such a thing, which thou right well knewest in thy conscience was not according to his precept, might he not have said, “Lovest thou me?” Canst thou not remember the murmuring word because something had gone wrong with thee in business this week, and thou wast speaking ill of the God of providence for it? Oh, might not the loving Saviour, with pity in his languid eye, have said to thee, “What, speak thus? Lovest thou me?” I need not stop to mention the various sins of which ye have been guilty. Ye have sinned, I am sure, enough to give good ground for self-suspicion, if ye did not still hang on this; that his love to you, not your love to him, is the seal of your discipleship. Oh, do you not think within yourselves, “If I had loved him more, should I have sinned so much? And oh, can I love him when I have broken so many of his commandments! Have I reflected his glorious image to the world as I should have done? Have I not wasted many hours within this week that I might have spent in winning souls to him? Have I not thrown away many precious moments in light and frivolous conversation which I might have spent in earnest prayer? Oh! how many words have I uttered, which if they have not been filthy, (as I trust they have not) yet have not been such as have ministered grace to the hearers? Oh, how many follies have I indulged in? How many sins have I winked at? How many crimes have I covered over? How have I made my Saviour’s heart to bleed? How have I done dishonor to his cause? How have I in some degree disgraced my heart’s profession of love to him?” Oh, ask these questions of thyself, beloved, and say, “Is this thy kindness to thy Friend?”
But I hope this week has been one wherein thou hast sinned little openly as to the world, or even in thine own estimation, as to open acts of crime. But now let me put another question to thee, Does not thy worldliness make thee doubt? How hast thou been occupied with the world, from Monday morning to the last hour of Saturday night? Thou hast scarce had time to think of him. What corners hast thou pushed thy Jesus into, to make room for thy bales of goods? How hast thou stowed him away into one short five minutes, to make room for thy ledger or thy day-book? How little time hast thou given to him! Thou hast been occupied with the shop, with the exchange, and the farmyard; and thou hast had little time to commune with him! Come, just think! remember any one day this week; canst thou say that thy goal always flew upward with passionate desires to him? Didst thou pant like a hart for thy Saviour during the week. Nay, perhaps there was a whole day went by, and thou scarcely thoughtest of him till the winding up of it; and then thou couldst only upbraid thyself, “How have I forgotten Christ to-day? I have not beheld his person; I have not walked with him; I have not done as Enoch did! I knew he would come into the shop with me; I knew he is such a blessed Christ that he would stand behind the counter with me; I knew he was such a joyous Lord Jesus that he would walk through the market with me! but I left him at home, and forgot him all the day long.” Surely, surely, beloved, when thou rememberest thy worldliness, thou must say of thyself, “O Lord, thou mightest well ask, ‘Lovest thou me?’”
Consider again, I beseech thee, how cold thou hast been this week at the mercy-seat. Thou hast been there, for thou canst not live without it; thou hast lifted up thy heart in prayer, for thou art a Christian, and prayer is as necessary to thee as thy breath. But oh! with what a poor asthmatic breath hast thou lived this week! How little hast thou breathed? Dost not remember how hurried was thy prayer on Monday morning, how driven thou wast on Tuesday night? Canst thou not recollect how languid was thy heart, when on another occasion thou wast on thy knees? Thou hast had little wrestling, mayhap, this week; little agonising; thou hast had little of the prayer which prevaileth; thou hast scarcely laid hold of the horns of the altar; thou hast stood in the distance, and seen the smoke at the altar, but thou hast not laid hold of the horns of it. Come, ask thyself, do not thy prayers make thee doubt? I say, honestly before you all, my own prayers often make me doubt; and I know nothing that gives me more grave cause of disquietude. When I labour to pray—oh! that rascally devil!—fifty thousand thoughts he tries to inject, to take me off from prayer; and when I will and must pray, oh, what an absence there is of that burning fervent desire; and when I would come right close to God, when I would weep my very eyes out in penitence, and would believe and take the blessing, oh, what little faith and what little penitence there is! Verily, I have thought that prayer has made me more unbelieving than anything else. I could believe over the tops of my sins, but sometimes I can scarcely believe over the tops of my prayers—for oh! how cold is prayer when it is cold! Of all things that are bad when cold, I think prayer is the worst, for it becomes like a very mockery, and instead of warming the heart, it makes it colder than it was before, and seems even to damp its life and spirit, and fills it full of doubts whether it is really a heir of heaven and accepted of Christ. Oh! look at thy cold prayers, Christian, and say is not thy Saviour right to ask this question very solemnly, “Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?”
But stop, again; just one more word for thee to reflect upon. Perhaps thou hast had much prayer. and this has been a time of refreshing from the presence of the Lord. But yet, mayhap, thou knowest, thou hast not gone so far this week as thou mightest have done, in another exercise of godliness that is even better than prayer, I mean communion and fellowship. Oh! beloved, thou hast this week had but little sitting under the apple tree, and finding its shadow great delight to thee. Thou hast not gone much this week to the banqueting house, and had its banner of love over thee. Come, bethink thyself, how little hast thou seen thy Lord this week! Perhaps he has been absent the greater part of the time; and hast thou not groaned? hast thou not wept? hast thou not sighed after him? Sure, then, thou canst not have loved him as thou shouldst, else thou couldst not have borne his absence; thou couldst not have endured it calmly, if thou hadst the affection for him a sanctified spirit has for its Lord. Thou didst have one sweet visit from him in the week, and why didst thou let him go? Why didst thou not constrain him to abide with thee? Why didst thou not lay hold of the skirts of his garment, and say, “Why shouldst thou be like a wayfaring man, and as one that turneth aside, and tarrieth for a night? Oh! my lord, thou shalt dwell with me; I will keep thee; I will detain thee in my company; I cannot let thee go; I love thee, and I will constrain thee to dwell with me this night and the next day; long as I can keep thee, will I keep thee.” But no; thou wast foolish; thou didst let him go. Oh! soul, why didst thou not lay hold of his arm, and say, “I will not let thee go.” But thou didst lay hold on him so feebly, thou didst suffer him to depart so quickly, he might have turned round, and said to thee, as he said to Simon, “Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?”
Now, I have asked you all these questions, because I have been asking them of myself. I feel that I must answer to nearly every one of them, “Lord, there is great cause for me to ask myself that question;” and I think that most of you, if you are honest to yourselves, will say the same. I do not approve of the man that says, “I know I love Christ, and I never have a doubt about it;” because we often have reason to doubt ourselves; a believer’s strong faith is not a strong faith in his own love to Christ—it is a strong faith in Christ’s love to him. There is no faith which always believes that it loves Christ. Strong faith has its conflicts; and a true believer will often wrestle in the very teeth of his own feelings. Lord, if I never did love thee, nevertheless, if I am not a saint, I am a sinner. Lord, I still believe; help thou mine unbelief. The disciple can believe, when he feels no love; for he can believe that Christ loveth the soul; and when he hath no evidence he can come to Christ without evidence, and lay, hold of him, just as he is, with naked faith, and still hold fast by him. Though he see not his signs, though he walk in darkness and there be no light, still may he trust in the Lord, and stay upon his God;—but to be certain at all times that we love the Lord is quite another matter; about this we have need continually to question ourselves, and most scrupulously to examine both the nature and the extent of our evidences.
II. And now I come to the second thing, which is A DISCREET ANSWER. “Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?” Simon gave a very good answer. Jesus asked him, in the first place, whether he loved him better than others. Simon would not say that: he had once been a little proud—more than a little—and thought he was better than the other disciples. But this time he evaded that question; he would not say that he loved better than others. And I am sure there is no loving heart that will think it loves even better than the least of God’s children. I believe the higher a man is in grace, the lower he will be in his own esteem; and he will be the last person to claim any supremacy over others in the divine grace of love to Jesus. But mark how Simon Peter did answer: he did not answer as to the quantity but as to the quality of his love. He would aver that he loved Christ, but not that he loved Christ better than others. “Lord, I cannot say how much I love thee; but thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I do love thee. So far I can aver: as to the quantity of my love, I cannot say much about it.”
But just notice, again, the discreet manner in which Peter answered. Some of us, if we had been asked that question, would have answered foolishly. We should have said, “Lord, I have preached for thee so many times this week; Lord, I have distributed of my substance to the poor this week. Blessed be thy name, thou hast given me grace to walk humbly, faithfully, and honestly and therefore, Lord, I think I can say, ‘I love thee.’” We should have brought forward our good works before our Master, as being the evidences of our love; we should have said, “Lord, thou hast seen me during this week; as Nehemiah did of old, “Forget not my good works. O Lord, I thank thee; I know they are thy gifts, but I think they are proofs of my love.” That would have been a very good answer if we had been questioned by our fellow man, and he had said, “You do not always love your Saviour;” but it would be foolish for us to tell the Master that. Peter’s answer was wise; “Lord, thou knowest that I love thee.” You know the Master might have said to Peter, had he appealed to his works, “Yes, thou mayest preach, and yet not love me; thou mayest pray, after a fashion, and yet not love me; thou mayest do all these works, and yet have no love to me. I did not ask thee what are the evidences of thy love, I asked thee the fact of it.” Very likely all my dear friends here would not have answered in the fashion I have supposed; but they would have said, “Love thee Lord? Why, my heart is all on fire towards thee; I feel as if I could go to prison and to death for thee! Sometimes, when I think of thee, my heart is ravished with bliss; and when thou art absent, O Lord, I moan and cry like a dove that has lost its mate. Yes, I feel I love thee, O my Christ.” But that would have been very foolish, because although we may often rejoice in our own feelings—they are joyful things—it would not do to plead them with our Lord, for he might answer, “Ah! thou feelest joyful at the mention of my name. So, no doubt, has many a deluded one, because he had a fictitious faith, and a fancied hope in Christ; therefore the name of Christ seemed to gladden him. Thou sayest, ‘I have felt dull when thou hast been absent.’ That might have been accounted for from natural circumstances; you had a headache, perhaps, or some other ailment. ‘But,’ sayest thou, ‘I felt so happy when he was present that I thought I could die.’ Ah! in such manner Peter had spoken many a time before; but a sorry mess he made of it when he trusted his feelings; for he would have sunk into the sea but for Christ; and eternally damned his soul, if it had not been for his grace, when, with cursing and swearing he thrice denied his Lord. But no, Peter was wise; he did not bring forward his frames and feelings, nor did he bring his evidences: though they are good in themselves, he did not bring them before Christ. But, as though he shall say, “Lord, I appeal to thine omnipotence. I am not going to tell thee that the volume of my heart must contain such-and-such matter, because there is such-and-such a mark on its cover; for, Lord, thou canst read inside of it; and, therefore, I need not tell thee what the title is, nor read over to thee the index of the contents. Lord, thou knowest that I love thee.”
Now, could we, this morning, dear friends, give such an answer as that to the question? If Christ should come here, if he were now to walk down these aisles, and along the pews, could we appeal to his own divine Omniscience, his infallible knowledge of our hearts, that we all love him? There is a test-point between a hypocrite and a real Christian. If thou art a hypocrite, thou mightest say, “Lord, my minister knows that I love thee; Lord, the deacons know that I love thee; they think I do, for they have given me a ticket; the members think I love thee; for they see me sitting at thy table; my friends think I love thee, for they often hear me talk about thee.” But thou couldst not say, “Lord, thou knowest that I love thee;” thine own heart is witness that thy secret works belie thy confession, for thou art without prayer in secret; and thou canst preach a twenty minutes’ prayer in public. Thou art niggardly and parsimonious in giving to the cause of Christ; but thou canst sport thy name to be seen. Thou art an angry, petulant creature; but when thou comest to the house of God, thou hast a pious whine, and talkest like a canting hypocrite, as if thou wert a very gentlemanly man, and never seemed angry. Thou canst take thy Maker’s name in vain; but if thou hear another do it thou wouldst be mighty severe upon him. Thou affectest to be very pious, and yet if men knew of that widow’s house that is sticking in thy throat, and of that orphan’s patrimony which thou hast taken from him, thou wouldst leave off trumpeting thy good deeds. Thine own heart tells thee thou art a liar before God. But thou, O sincere Christian, thou canst welcome thy Lord’s question, and answer it with holy fear and gracious confidence. Yes, thou mayest welcome the question. Such a question was never put to Judas. The Lord loved Peter so much that he was jealous over him, or he never would have thus challenged his attachment. And in this kind doth he often appeal to the affections of those whom he dearly loves. The response likewise is recorded for thee, “Lord, thou knowest all things.” Canst thou not look up, though scorned by men, though even rejected by thy minister, though kept back by the deacons, and looked upon with disesteem by some—canst thou not look up, and say, “Lord, thou knowest all things, thou knowest that I love thee?” Do it not in brag and bravado; but if you can do it sincerely, be happy, bless God that he has given you a sincere love to the Saviour, and ask him to increase it from a spark to a flame, and from a grain to a mountain. “Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Yea, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee.”
III. And now here is A DEMONSTRATION REQUIRED—“Feed my lambs: feed my sheep.” That was Peter’s demonstration. It is not necessary that it should be our way of showing our love. There are different ways for different disciples. There are some who are not qualified to feed lambs, for they are only little lambs themselves. There are some that could not feed sheep, for they cannot at present see afar off; they are weak in the faith, and not qualified to teach at all. They have other means, however, of showing their love to the Saviour. Let us offer a few words upon this matter.
“Lovest thou me?” Then one of the best evidences thou canst give is to feed my lambs. Have I two or three little children that love and fear my name? If thou wantest to do a deed, which shall show that thou art a true lover, and not a proud pretender; go and feed them. Are there a few little ones whom I have purchased with my blood in an infant class? Dost thou want to do something which shall evidence that thou art indeed mine? Then sit not down with the elders, dispute not in the temple; I did that myself; but go thou, and sit down with the young orphans, and teach them the way to the kingdom. “Feed my lambs.”
Dearly beloved, I have been of late perplexing myself with one thought: that our church-government is not scriptural. It is scriptural as far as it goes; but it is not according to the whole of Scripture; neither do we practise many excellent things that ought to be practised in our churches. We have received into our midst a large number of young persons; in the ancient churches there was what was called the catechism class—I believe there ought to be such a class now. The Sabbath-school, I believe, is in the Scripture; and I think there ought to be on the Sabbath afternoon, a class of the young people of this church, who are members already, to be taught by some of the elder members. Now-a-days, when we get the lambs, we just turn them adrift in the meadow, and there we leave them. There are more than a hundred young people in this church who positively, though they are members, ought not to be left alone; but some of our elders, if we have elders, and some who ought to be ordained elders, should make it their business to teach them further, to instruct them in the faith, and so keep them hard and fast by the truth of Jesus Christ. If we had elders, as they had in all the apostolic churches, this might in some degree be attended to. But now the hands of our deacons are full, they do much of the work of the eldership, but they cannot do any more than they are doing, for they are toiling hard already. I would that some here whom God has gifted, and who have time, would spend their afternoons in taking a class of those who live around them, of their younger brethren, asking them to their houses for prayer and pious instruction, that so the lambs of the flock may be fed. By God’s help I will take care of the sheep; I will endeavour under God to feed them, as well as I can, and preach the gospel to them. You that are older in the faith and stronger in it, need not that careful cautious feeding which is required by the lambs. But there are many in our midst, good pious souls who love the Saviour as much as the sheep do; but one of their complaints which I have often heard is, “Oh I sir, I joined your church, I thought they would be all brothers and sisters to me, and that I could speak to them, and they would teach me and be kind to me. Oh ! sir, I came, and nobody spoke to me.” I say, “Why did not you speak to them first ?” “Oh !” they reply, “I did not like.” Well, they should have liked, I am well aware; but if we had some means of feeding the lambs, it would be a good way of proving to our Saviour and to the world, that we really do endeavour to follow him. I hope some of my friends will take that hint; and if, in concert with me, my brethren in office will endeavour to do something in that way, I think it will be no mean proof of their love to Christ. “Feed my lambs,” is a great duty; let us try to practise it as we are able.
But, beloved, we cannot all do that; the lambs cannot feed the lambs; the sheep cannot feed the sheep exactly. There must be some appointed to these offices. And therefore, in the Saviour’s name, allow me to say to some of you, that there are different kinds of proof you must give. “Simon son of Jonas, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee.” Then preserve that prayer-meeting attend to it; see that it is kept going on, and that it does not fall to the ground. “Simon son of Jonas lovest thou me?” See to thy servants; see that they go to the house of God, and instruct them in the faith. There is a sister: Lovest thou Christ? “Yea, Lord.” Perhaps it is as much as you can do—perhaps it is as much as you ought to do—to train up your children in the fear of the Lord. It is of no use to trouble yourselves about duties that God never meant you to do, and leave your own vineyard at home to itself. Just take care of your own children; perhaps that is as good a proof as Christ wants of you that you are feeding his lambs. You have your own office, to which Christ has appointed you: seek not to run away from it, but endeavour to do what you can to serve your Master therein. But, I beseech you, do something to prove your love; do not be sitting down doing nothing. Do not be folding your hands and arms, for such people perplex a minister most, and bring the most ruin on a church—such as do nothing. You are always the readiest to find fault. I have marked it here, that the very people who are quarrelling with everything are the people that are doing nothing, or are good for nothing. They are sure to quarrel with everything else, because they are doing nothing themselves; and therefore they have time to find fault with other people. Do not O Christian, say that thou lovest Christ, and yet do nothing for him. Doing is a good sign of living; and he can scarce be alive unto God that does nothing for God. We must let our works evidence the sincerity of our love to our Master. “Oh!” say you, “but we are doing a little.” Can you do any more? If you can, then do it. If you cannot do more, then God requires no more of you; doing to the utmost of your ability is your best proof; but if you can do more, inasmuch as ye keep back any part of what ye can do, in that degree ye give cause to yourselves to distrust your love to Christ. Do all you can to your very utmost; serve him abundantly; ay, and superabundantly: seek to magnify his name; and if ever you do too much for Christ, come and tell me of it; if you ever do too much for Christ, tell the angels of it—but you will never do that. He gave himself for you; give yourselves to him.
You see, my friends, how I have been directing you to search your own hearts, and I am almost afraid that some of you will mistake my intention. Have I a poor soul here who really deplores the langour of her affections? Perhaps you have determined to ask yourself as many questions as you can with a view of reviving the languid sparks of love. Let me tell you then that the pure flame of love must be always nourished where it was first kindled. When I admonished you to look to yourself it was only to detect the evil; would you find the remedy, you must direct your eyes, not to your own heart, but to the blessed heart of Jesus—to the Beloved one—to my gracious Lord and Master. And wouldst thou be ever conscious of the sweet swellings up of thy heart towards him; thou canst only prove this by a constant sense of his tender love to thee. I rejoice to know that the Holy Ghost is the Spirit of love, and the ministry of the Spirit is endeared to me in nothing so much as this, that he takes of the things of Jesus, and shows them to me, spreading abroad the Saviour’s love in my heart, until it constrains all my passions, awakens the tenderest of all tender emotions, reveals my union to him, and occasions my strong desire to serve him. Let not love appear to thee as a stern duty, or an arduous effort; rather look to Jesus, yield thyself up to his gracious charms till thou art ravished with his beauty and preciousness. But ah! if thou art slack in the proofs thou givest, I shall know thou art not walking with him in holy communion.
And allow me to suggest one profitable way of improving the ordinance of the Lord’s Supper. That is: while you are partaking of it, my friends, renew your dedication to Christ. Seek this morning to give yourselves over afresh to your Master. Say with your hearts, what I shall now say with my lips: “Oh I my precious Lord Jesus, I do love thee; thou knowest I have in some degree given myself to thee up to this time, thanks to thy grace! Blessed be thy name, that thou hast accepted the deeds of so unworthy a servant. O Lord, I am conscious that I have not devoted myself to thee as I ought; I know that in many things I have come short. I will make no resolution to live better to thine honor, but I will offer the prayer that thou wouldst help me so to do. Oh! Lord, I give to thee my health, my life, my talents, my power, and all I have! Thou hast bought me, and bought me wholly: then, Lord, take me this morning, baptize me in the Spirit; let me now feel an entire affection to thy blessed person. May I have that love which conquers sin and purifies the soul—that love which can dare danger and encounter difficulties for thy sake. May I henceforth and for ever be a consecrated vessel of mercy, having been chosen of thee from before the foundation of the world! Help me to hold fast that solemn choice of thy service which I desire this morning, by thy grace to renew.” And when you drink the blood of Christ, and eat his flesh spiritually—in the type and in the emblem, then I beseech you, let the solemn recollection of his agony and suffering for you inspire you with a greater love, that you may be more devoted to his service than ever. If that be done, I shall have the best of churches; if that be done by us, the Holy Spirit helping us to carry it out, we shall all be good men and true, holding fast by him, and we shall not need to be ashamed in the awful day.
As for you that have never given yourselves to Christ, I dare not tell you to renew a vow which you have never made, nor dare I ask you to make a vow, which you would never keep. I can only pray for you, that God the Saviour would be pleased to reveal himself unto your heart, that “a sense of blood-bought pardon” may “dissolve your hearts of stone;” that you may be brought to give yourselves to him, knowing that if you have done that, you have the best proof that he has given himself for you. May God Almighty bless you: those of you who depart, may he dismiss with his blessing: and those who remain, may you receive his favour, for Christ’s sake! Amen.
OVER A HUNDRED BOOKS BY SPURGEON GREAT SAVINGS Shopping online not only saves you time, but you'll appreciate our famous, money-saving discounts on thousands of items for family members and friends. Stop by today!
Shopping online not only saves you time, but you'll appreciate our famous, money-saving discounts on thousands of items for family members and friends. Stop by today!
(c) 2006 AbideInChrist.com, AbideInChrist.org. aSermon.com are owned by Abide in Christ, Inc. a non-profit organization dedicated to the proclamation of the Gospel of Jesus and make disciples of all the nations, teaching them the Word of God, the Bible.
Disclaimer: To the best of our knowledge all of the books and articles on this server are believed to be in public domain in the United States unless otherwise noted and can be freely used.
Scripture quoted by permission. Quotations designated (NET) are from the NET Bible® copyright ©1996-2006 by Biblical Studies Press, L.L.C. http://www.bible.org/. All rights reserved.
The scores from the Word Knowledge, Arithmetic Reasoning, Mathematics Knowledge, and Paragraph Comprehension are combined together and known as the Armed Forces Qualification Test (AFQT). Your AFQT scores represent a percentile between 1 and 99 and measure your ranking compared to scores from other 18 to 23 year olds. If you score a 70 on your AFQT, this implies that you scored better than 70% of test takers. Your scores on the other six ASVAB tests will help identify which jobs may be appropriate for you in the military.
Want to become a Certified Nursing Assistant in Racine, Wisconsin? You’ve arrived at the right place. Learn everything you need to become a CNA with our CNA classes in Racine WI. With the need for CNA’s in Racine WI going up in today’s job market, there is not a better time than today to start CNA classes in Racine and become a Certified Nurse Aide.
CNA classes in Racine, Wisconsin prepare students to receive their nurse aide certificate and license in the state of Wisconsin. By becoming a CNA, you will be able to begin a career in the following places:
We do our best to keep our information as accurate and helpful as possible. However, it is essential to verify that the CNA class you plan to attend in Racine is approved by the state of Wisconsin.
CNA CLASSES AK | AZ | AR | CA | CO | CT | FL | KS | ME | MI | MN | MO | NH | NJ | NY | ND | OK | OR | SD | TN | WI | VA | WA | WY | TX
Fiji Airways will resume its Nadi-Tarawa services tomorrow (April 9th) after Bonriki airport authorities confirmed that they have endeavoured to address serious safety concerns the airline had.
Fiji Airways has had to cancel services to Tarawa in the past two weeks due to a number of safety-related concerns that have arisen. These include the Precision Approach Path Indicator (PAPI) not being serviceable (a mandatory requirement for any runaway), non-availability of the required Rescue Fire Fighting Service vehicle at Bonriki Airport, infrequent safety inspection of the runway and airside boundary fencing and inaccurate information from airport officials to Fiji Airways flight crew.
The airline recognises the inconvenience caused by cancelled services, however, maintains that safety of its passengers and crew are of paramount importance. Regrettably, the airline is unable to accommodate passengers affected by services cancelled due to factors outside of its control. This includes cancellations due to bad weather.
Assurances have been given to the airline by Bonriki airport authorities that the required remedial work has been done to address the concerns. Two independent airline safety auditors out of New Zealand will be travelling to Tarawa tomorrow to ensure all safety concerns raised have been fully mitigated and the aerodrome is ICAO compliant.
Excellent Best Small Kitchen Designs X Have Best Kitchen Layouts was published in Friday, April 22, 2016 at 7:00 pm.
Excellent Best Small Kitchen Designs X Have Best Kitchen Layouts is one of the wonderfulworks of examples of categories, which we present to you and we hope to inspire you and bring brilliant ideas in designing your home. It have another 17 images that can give you more inspiration. Excellent Best Small Kitchen Designs X Have Best Kitchen Layouts is one of excellence image reference about Kitchen designs. we present this Kitchen image with the best to you, equipped with a HD resolution of 1024x819 pixels which will make you comfortable and give you many details of inspiration about modern and contemporary architecture. This image also has been viewed 177 times prove that people are inspired from Excellent Best Small Kitchen Designs X Have Best Kitchen Layouts. Excellent Best Small Kitchen Designs X Have Best Kitchen Layouts reference also have some tags there are best kitchen layouts with islands for your convenience in searching this reference more specific.
Excellent Best Small Kitchen Designs X Have Best Kitchen Layouts is part of wonderful Kitchen design ideas, This design was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of modern and contemporary home designs that make you more inspired to decorate your home and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these Kitchen design in your home. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Each share Excellent Best Small Kitchen Designs X Have Best Kitchen Layouts on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, or Google Plus that you share with the push button at the bottom, is very valuable for us to continue to improve the waiter and our experience in providing content and ideas of interest to you and others. I hope you can help us by share this Kitchen image on your social media. Each of your support is very valuable to us, because you are one of us to grow up to be better.
Every references of home designs or interior architecture has been selected and chosen by best design, modern elegant model and trend of home design now to give you the true characteristic of home designs itself. For other reference you can see more best home designs referance from Home Designing, Houzz, Bhg, Freshome, Pinterest, Homestyler, HomeandDesign and more reference other.
May 20, 2017, Small Space Living Room Ideas is one of the best home design ideas and interior decorating of the years
June 1, 2017, Decorated Kitchens is one of the best home design ideas and interior decorating of the years
May 5, 2017, Contemporary Island Kitchen is one of the best home design ideas and interior decorating of the years
June 9, 2017, Couch For Small Living Room is one of the best home design ideas and interior decorating of the years
May 11, 2017, Pink Kitchen Cabinets is one of the best home design ideas and interior decorating of the years
June 7, 2017, Paint Colors For Bedrooms is one of the best home design ideas and interior decorating of the years
June 6, 2017, Kids Bedroom Ideas is one of the best home design ideas and interior decorating of the years
May 26, 2017, What Color To Paint Kitchen Cabinets is one of the best home design ideas and interior decorating of the years
kitchen ideas for small kitchens apartment living room furniture layout kitchen ideas for small kitchens on a budget apartment living room inspiration apartment living room lighting ideas living room decorating ideas for small spaces apartment living room design apartment living room ideas on a budget living room ideas for apartments kitchen countertop materials bathroom remodeling ideas apartment living room decor ideas apartment living room decorating ideas apartment living room layout apartment living room decorating ideas photos apartment living room decor apartment living room decorating apartment living room design ideas apartment living room ideas living room decorating ideas for apartments
All Galleries, Pictures, And Contents that we show here we get through the ”public domain” and ”unknown origin”. Each image or gallery we show are copyrighted property of the creator of the image, and we have no control over the copyright. We do not intend to infringe intellectual property rights, rights of legitimate artistic, or the copyright owner of the image. But If you are the legitimate owner of the picture of the content on this website, please contact us and we will take action to remove content from our gallery. All images that we show are FREE to download, and we do not obtain financial benefit or sell anything related from the contents of the image.
Aviso is The Best Place to Find Home Design and Decoration Remodeling Ideas. We displays Pictures and Galleries of the best work of home design, architectural building, dining room inspiration, bedroom decor ideas, room interior decorating, bathroom remodel, open kitchen design, pool architecture, and many more. Anything about your favorite home design ideas.
We provides best and fresh pictures gallery that can inspire you in arranging the room, room painting, building houses, buy furniture, choose an apartment, or discover awesome architectural building around the world.
After all, Galleries and Pictures in this site is FREE to use for everyone, but if you find copyrighted content on our site and you want to remove it please Contact Us
1. Securely attach capture filter to the Comb combing head, ensuring it clips into place (until you hear a click) and re-attach the combing head to the main body by aligning the guiding arrows and twist to lock.
5. Ensure Comb is right way up and start from nape of neck and work your way up close to the scalp, one section at a time. Section the hair no wider than the teeth and comb.
Characters in Romeo and Juliet aren’t always what they seem. Juliet is men’t to be capulets little daughter who respects his rules and morals but as time goes on she falls in love at first sight as she sees Romeo a member of their families enemy. As Juliet states ” Deny thy father and refuse thy name. Or, if thou wilt not. Be sworn my love, and i’ll no longer be a capulet.”. Juliet then betrays her father and continues to be with Romeo. Juliet is also abandoning her name and her family.
Romeo and Juliet explores the complex relationship between fate and free will. ” what if this mixture does not work at all? shall i be married then tomorrow morning? No, no shall forbid it; lie thou there.” – Juliet
Romeo and Juliet explores the complex relationship between fate and free will as Juliet is worried that her and Romeo aren’t for each other but fate has put them together. Juliet has a little bit of guilt in her stomach as she knows she’s betraying her family but she understands her love for Romeo and wants to be with him forever. Juliet- ” What if this mixtures does not work at all? shall I be married then tomorrow morning? No, no shall forbid it; lie thou there.”.
Previous PostPrevious How does Luc Besson use cinematographic techniques to control the audience’s perception of key characters?
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with the hosting this Tribute Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded in the Book of Memories and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the family and friends of Billy Riggle can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each other and enhance this tribute for future generations.
Come on, lets join the competition to make creative videos in Balinese language, and win the prize. Follow our Instagram and BASABali Wiki’s Page on Facebook and upload your creative videos, don’t forget to tag us. Bring it On!
This program celebrates Balinese, Indonesian and all of the world’s languages as we move into a culture where mother tongues can thrive — and be nourished — along with national and international ones. Monocultures of any type are not sustainable. We need to manage the world’s languages in a holistic and sustainable way just as[…]
covered patio with fireplace z plus architects decks patios and kitchen outdoor ideas backyard,outdoor covered area with fireplace back porch patio traditional by cost to build,covered patio with fireplace backyard cover outdoor porch,covered outdoor fireplace ideas kitchen with porch fort worth patio pergola and,covered porch fireplace outdoor sweet outstanding patio designs images,outdoor covered patio with fireplace ideas porch tv property traditional by paradise,covered porch fireplace outdoor stone fireplaces lanterns pavilion recessed gas,outdoor covered porch with fireplace patio cover stone bases on columns flagstone screened designs,covered patio with fireplace cost outdoor tv,covered outdoor fireplace designs patio with ideas top additional kitchen.
outdoor covered porch with fireplace patio cover stone bases on columns flagstone screened designs,covered porch fireplace outdoor sweet outstanding patio designs images,covered patio with fireplace z plus architects decks patios and kitchen outdoor ideas backyard,covered outdoor fireplace designs patio with ideas top additional kitchen,covered patio with fireplace backyard cover outdoor porch,covered outdoor fireplace ideas kitchen with porch fort worth patio pergola and,covered patio with fireplace cost outdoor tv,outdoor covered area with fireplace back porch patio traditional by cost to build,outdoor covered patio with fireplace ideas porch tv property traditional by paradise,covered porch fireplace outdoor stone fireplaces lanterns pavilion recessed gas.
note: this article first appeared on David Suzuki Foundation’s blog. I have shared this very valuable message because of it’s urgent importance to our modern society, no matter where we live in the world.
The Metro Vancouver transit plebiscite results are in. Although people in Metro Vancouver voted against a small tax increase for transit and transportation improvements, we can all take away some positive lessons from the campaign.
This result doesn’t mean that people rejected transit and transportation improvements. Advocates for a No vote shifted voters’ attention to issues with TransLink, Metro Vancouver’s regional transit authority, and off of the transportation projects proposed by the region’s mayors, making it impossible to say why people voted no.
We know there’s support for better transit and transportation options in Metro Vancouver. That’s why 145 groups joined the Better Transit and Transportation Coalition, the biggest and broadest coalition of its kind in B.C.’s history. That support doesn’t end with a No vote.
We should remember that 38 per cent of people voted yes for better transportation and transit. That’s significant. They voted for better transit to benefit the environment, economy and public health. They recognized that supporting transit and transportation improvements is the single most effective regional response to climate change. Campaigners for the No side themselves voiced support for transportation improvements, even if they didn’t agree about how to achieve them.
While we at the David Suzuki Foundation accept that voters have spoken, we’re concerned about the effect this result will have on the region’s livability. Years of delays are likely before any new transit comes online — with the unfortunate, predictable increase in road congestion and pollution as Metro Vancouver’s population grows. It’s incumbent on all levels of government to find funding for transit and transportation improvements to keep the region livable. The provincial government and the Mayors’ Council must show leadership to find a way forward to fund the projects that Metro Vancouver desperately needs.
The David Suzuki Foundation would like to thank the organizations, supporters and volunteers who worked for a Yes vote, along with everyone in Metro Vancouver who voted on this important issue. It was a long campaign and we knew it wouldn’t be easy to translate this complicated issue into a simple Yes or No decision.
One thing is certain and that is our commitment to transit solutions as one of the best ways to address climate change. We will continue to support research and advocate for transit improvements for Canada’s large urban areas. Traffic gridlock does not have to become the new norm and emissions from transportation do not have to continue to rise.
album review angela holtzen art artist band bc black and white blues canada canadian concert creative eating environment fashion fast focus folk food garlic good health help japanese la life london los angeles mind music nature night nude ocean oil painter painting photographer photography review rock sexy style vancouver vogue
Bol Com Midnight In The Garden Of Good And Evil Dvd Irma P For Book Decor 49 is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Bol Com Midnight In The Garden Of Good And Evil Dvd Irma P For Book Decor 49 in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Bol Com Midnight In The Garden Of Good And Evil Dvd Irma P For Book Decor 49 pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Bol Com Midnight In The Garden Of Good And Evil Dvd Irma P For Book Decor 49 was 550x764 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Midnight In The Garden Of Good And Evil Book here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Weanling Program - Be Line Equestrian Center - Be Quick Horseshoeing, Inc.- Farrier Service for Front Range of Colorado including Fort Collins, Loveland and surrounding areas
When it comes time to wean your little ones, bring them to us. We will halter train them, teach them to lead correctly, and teach them to load in a horse trailer calmly and properly.
They will be turned out daily, so that they can have the opportunity to interact with other horses. Adequate turn out will help ensure they have a fresh mind.
You can contact us and talk directly with one of our trainers to review services and lesson plans designed specifically for you and your horse.
Don't delay! Contact Us if you have questions regarding any services offered through Be Quick Horseshoeing or Be Line Equestrian Center!
Appointments may be scheduled by calling our office Monday through Friday 9 AM to 5 PM (970) 568-3113.
Be Quick Horseshoeing, Inc. farrier service area includes Fort Collins, Loveland, Windsor, Berthoud, Longmont and surrounding Northern Colorado towns.
Dick Norman will be the new tournament director of the third edition of the European Open held from 15 to 21 October 2018 inside the Lotto Arena in Antwerp. This was announced by Kristoff Puelinckx, CEO of the tournament’s owner Tennium. Together with his wife Ilse Van Parys, the former World No. 10 in doubles and World No. 85 in singles, will be part of the organization of the prestigious ATP 250 tournament.
For four years (from 2006 to 2009) van Parys and Norman organized the AXA Belgian Masters, the unofficial Belgian Tennis Championship. “It is with great pleasure that i accept my new role as tournament director of the European Open in Antwerp! Ilse and I are keen to make this a fantastic event for all the tennisfans to attend,” Norman stated.
“For this, a former tennis player is needed, which is a tendency that you see in more and more countries.”
Ilse Van Parys added, “The importance of such an ATP tournament in our country is not to be underestimated for the popularity of Belgian tennis. More than ever we want to make the European Open a real experience, with a cool fan zone, parties and entertainment around the tournament. Moreover, in the coming period we will be actively promoting the European Open, for example to various tennis clubs in our country.”
The focus, however, will remain on the on-court action of the European Open. The organizers hope to present an attractive line-up. “The contacts are promising, and we are very pleased to announce the first names of players competing at the European Open 2018 in mid-May,” Kristoff Puelinckx told.
We are proud to announce that Carthage Central School District was among 527 school districts nationwide who were selected as NAMM Foundation's Best Communities for Music Education!
​The Carthage Central Fine Arts Booster Club was established on February 15th, 2012 by a group of parents and educators who believe strongly in the importance of a Fine Arts education encompassing visual arts, theater and music.
The mission of the club is to help promote and support all Fine Arts programs that enrich our students’ lives and to celebrate their accomplishments. Additionally, we strive to build and maintain a scholarship fund that allows our organization to award scholarships to qualified graduating seniors. It is our belief that this booster club will play a vital role in helping to support and sustain Fine Arts programs now and in the future.
We strongly believe that an academic program rich in Fine Arts allows all students to succeed academically as well as become more well-rounded citizens. This article outlines the benefits of a Fine Arts education. > New NEA Research Report Shows Potential Benefits of Arts Education for At-Risk Youth
Most importantly, being involved in the Fine Arts Booster Club provides a wonderful way for you to experience with your student the powerful benefits of a Fine Arts education. Whether it is witnessing the dedication, exhausting hours, team effort, and camaraderie that occurs between the students, faculty, staff and volunteer family members to pull off a Broadway level theater production; or helping to setup and serve refreshments for Fine Arts nights where the students’ and teachers’ artistic achievements can be displayed, admired, and rewarded; to promoting upcoming band concerts and special events that entertain not only the parents but our community from the young to the young at heart; as well as participating in the fun and rewarding fundraising activities … the impact is immeasurable and the memories last a lifetime.
Check out our Membership page on the left for details on how to join and volunteer and why it's important to become a member.
The hay barn on one side of the courtyard at the back of the main house has been restored to provide a unique venue for up to 120 people.
With stunning views across to Hampsfell it offers a simple yet stunning venue for a variety of uses.
This venue is available to customers who book exclusive use the main house and all the cottages (sleeping up to 40 people).
Customizing your website is easy. Just login and point your mouse at any content block on the page and an editor will come up allowing you to change or delete it.
surrounds and I can just fix em my self! Are there any surrounds that will fit the woofers on these?
For now I will put white rubber on the foam to hold them-its kinda like liquid latex or rubber cement, it
will move free but bind the foam from falling to dust,,,Iv seen this done to new foam and it prolongs
-to save some time searching this Forum; do not waste your time/ money repairing the surrounds [fails]...elmers glue works better than them 'kits'
-the screws for the front/ rear panels are robsertsons [square drive]...i see alot of hacked up screws from using phillip heads
Try these guys; say they do speaker reconditioning/refoaming and list Carver as brand that they support. Perhaps you can get them to sell you the foam surrounds only for Carver :
The surrounds of those woofers are unlike most others. Due to their unusual design they do not refoam well, if at all. Save up your money and buy new woofers. Seriously.
A doctrine fostered by a delusional, illogical minority and rabidly promoted by an unscrupulous mainstream media, which holds forth the proposition that it is entirely possible to pick up a turd by the clean end.
F1nut wrote: The surrounds of those woofers are unlike most others. Due to their unusual design they do not refoam well, if at all. Save up your money and buy new woofers. Seriously.
How about adding the "HONEYCOMB" Woofers in to replace the Paper cone ones? I know the ones I have now are 16 ohms and the honeycomb ones are 3.6 so what would need to be changed? Been a while since I played in this stuff and forgot everything from those days any more....
To go to older style woofers would involve enlarging your openings and changing your crossover, besides re-wiring. Bad idea. Get the new woofers that fit your units.
Guess I'd have to agree with RR and F1. Don't make the mistake(s) I made when building my EPI 1000's: I tried (at first) to "save money" on the woofers and found that anything short of pure originals can only drive you nuts (even if you think the "bargain" route drivers (or x-over caps!) sound ok, it drives you nuts wondering whether or not the sound could/should be better. And 99% of the time it will). EVERYTHING effects speaker sound; the original designer(s) threaded a needle to get the "perfect" sound that they were designing for; any deviations from that will most likely be negative. For what I wasted on drivers that did not work out I almost could have bought all 100% new drivers from Huw at humanspeakers.com (I did buy two from him and used them in the front faces of the speakers)...but I settled for (the remaining six) used (exact replacement) EPI drivers from ePray (4 ohm, not 8 ohm!)..some I had to refoam, some were allready refoamed. Re-foaming is no gimme either, but the kits I buy have very detailed instructions and checks to make sure you do it right...unless u r a clutz, in which case, don't try it!
That said, your only other option might be to ship your drivers to the link I posted earlier and have them professionally refurb/refoam your drivers, but after the one extra shipping charge and what they charge for this refurb, I doubt you'd save much over new drivers. Might try buying new ones a few at a time so as to budget this expense?
This place was recommended to me by a forum member a while ago, I never quite got around to my re-foam project. If the speaker is going to be replaced eventually, there's nothing to lose by giving it a try, it'd just be a temporary bandaid until you can manage the new ones. If by some stroke of luck, you can fit a rubber surround to it and it works, it'll probably last for 20 years or so. Good luck !! Geoff
When you have F1nut, Elgrau & RobertR all agreeing (don't think it has EVER happened before) it is probably the right thing to do.
The only thing I can add is that you don't have to replace all the woofers at once. Replace the bad one(s) and save up for the rest. I replaced 2 of 6 in my silvers and the rest are still fine.
Has anybody with more savvy about wholesale buying than I have (and that really could be anybody) entertained the possibility of setting up a buying club, maybe through the forum, to save members some dough on these woofer, or anything else, for that matter? If just Ferrari and I replaced our woofers, there's over half a gross, right there.
frankieD wrote: When you have F1nut, Elgrau & RobertR all agreeing (don't think it has EVER happened before) it is probably the right thing to do.
Big thanks to Business on Toast for the award for Best Audio Visual we were presented with last night.
Thanks also to Yvonne from ASAP for making it so much fun, and to Chris from Cactus Images for being everywhere, but never in the way!
Tomorrow Night (7/10) I will be at the Hampton Road Bass Pro Shops for their Premier Rewards Night. They will be giving away a guided Blue Cat Trip with me. We will have a table set up by the Aquarium so stop by and visit.
Captain Ash (Ashley Renee) is taken captive by the evil villain, Master Strange (Saico). Her super powers were rendered useless when the madman released a special paralytic gas that was especially formulated to disable her abilities. Now, Captain Ash finds herself at the Master’s mercy ...
The contents of the site service (Clips4Sale, Videos4Sale, Images4Sale) are intent for the personal non commercial use of its users. All materials published on the site (including, but not limited to news articles, photographs images, illustrations, audio clips ad video clips collectively, 'content') are protected by Copyright ©, Trademark and all other applicable intelligential property laws, and are owned and controlled by Clips4sale, Videos4Sale, Images4Sale or the party credited as the provider of such content, software or other materials. You shall abide by Copyright © or other notices, information and restrictions appearing in conjunction with any content accessed through the service. All models on this site are 18 or older.Title 2257
if you are interested in fetish and looking for fetish clips then we have the video clips such as female domination videos and forced orgasm video clips for all tastes
Shelenberger is an award-winning artist from Conneaut, Ohio. Her artwork has been widely exhibited and published in several books. She was recently juried into Ohio Designer Craftsmen’s Best of 2017. She had artwork accepted into Focus: Fiber 2016 at Kent State University Museum, a national fiber exhibit juried by Jane Sauer, and Transgressing Traditions: International Juried Exhibit by Surface Design Association at Schweinfurth Arts Center in Auburn, NY. She has worked in textiles for many years and uses several methods of designing and creating imagery on fabric.
“I am inspired by the interconnections that occur in both personal relationships and artwork. I’ve integrated marks and patterns made by both myself and others so that it creates a piece much broader in meaning. My art in this exhibition explores variation on a pattern or theme; for example Shared Humanity, Safety in Numbers, and Talking Circles. A single pattern can be combined in many ways to create effects from subtle to dramatic. My hope is that you will be inspired to step outside your own circle and connect with others who may be different or struggling. It is the connections and relationships that we build in this world that bring personal meaning to our lives.” — Sandy Shelenberger
The American Red Cross will be holding a blood drive in the AAC gallery on Wednesday, June 20 from 3-8 p.m. Call (440) 964-3396 to sign up.
Sign up to give blood at the American Red Cross blood drive on Thursday, April 12, from 3-8 p.m. in our gallery.
The American Red Cross will be holding a blood drive in our gallery on Thursday, February 1 from 3-8. Call (440) 964-3396 to sign up and help save a life!
The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.
Gold Supplier is a premium membership for suppliers on Alibaba.com. Members are provided with comprehensive ways to promote their products, maximizing product exposure and increasing return-on-investment.
The supplier's company premises has been checked by Alibaba.com staff to ensure onsite operations exist there. A third-party verification company has confirmed the legal status of the supplier.
Yueqing Daier Electron Co., Ltd is a professional manufacturer of electrical switches in Yueqing, Ch...
Yueqing Daier Electron Co., Ltd is a professional manufacturer of electrical switches in Yueqing, China. Yueqing is famous and ranked as "the city of electronics of China", so we share the best electronics resources and talents, and have excellent logistics chains too.
We are engaged in producing 9 categories and about 2,000 models of rocker switches,push button switches, toggle switches, micro switches, key switches,tact switches,dip switches,auto switches, indicator lights, fuse holders, power sockets, knobs, jacks and etc. Most of our products have passed safety certifications as UL, cULus, CE, CCC, CQC. and lots of our products are made with RoHS compliant materials.
80% of our products are exported to Europe, North and South America. We satisfy all our customers with advanced products, competitive prices, fast delivery and one-stop service.
With a principle of being creative, advanced and honest, we are always improving our products and services to better satisfy you customers. We believe it's our mission to boost our customer's business, and then our customers will reward us with leadership sales and long-term relationships.
The Mechanical Comprehension section of the ASVAB practice test measures your understanding of basic mechanical principles and mechanisms. You may be asked why an intake valve on a pump opens when the piston goes down, or what direction friction is going when shown a diagram of a skier. The CAT-ASVAB has 16 questions in 20 minutes; the paper-and-pencil version has 25 questions in 19 minutes.
Programming expert Jesse Smith shows you the easy way to get started with the popular ASP.NET MVC framework. Learn how to build a simple "Hello World" application with ASP.NET MVC in only a few steps.
ASP.NET MVC (AMVC) is a lightweight, powerful and flexible framework for building .NET applications. It is easy to use and integrates nicely with the .NET frameworks. The AMVC framework for .NET contains everything you need for building .NET enterprise applications.
The MVC architecture is a popular choice among many development shops. It took awhile for .NET to start using the MVC architecture, but better late than never. .NET is very similar to the Ruby framework using MVC. As with Ruby, AMVC splits your application into Models, Views and Controllers. For every Model (i.e., Customer), there is a corresponding Controller with the same name. The Controller contains all the actions for the Model (i.e., add, remove etc.). Each Action in the controller has a corresponding view (i.e., CustomerAdd.aspx, CustomerRemove.aspx). Of course, you can change this convention, but this approach keeps everything "tight" maintenance-wise, while having all your application's layers totally decoupled. Almost every development framework for web-based applications has conformed to or now includes a way to implement the MVC architecture.
I'll take you on a short tour to set up a very simple AMVC application. In this example, I'll be using Visual Studio 2008 and AMVC 2. If you're using Visual Studio 2010, you can add AMVC 3 in exactly the same way. All the steps that follow are the same for both (the only difference is step 1, where you download either AMVC 2 or 3, depending on what which version of Visual Studio you're using (i.e. 2008, or 2010). To get started, follow the steps below:
If you've ever programmed in Ruby on Rails, you'll find AMVC is similar in a lot of ways. Like with Ruby, you can automate the scaffolding needed to organize your applications directory structure and basic setup. AMVC does this through the AMVC Web Application template. This AMVC template sets up a simple Home Controller.
Once you define a new project using the AMVC Web Application template, you'll notice AMVC creates a Home Controller, along with HomeViews. Also included are an Account Controller, Model, and View for registering a new user on the site. To view the default site, simply press the F5 key and it will pop up in your default browser using a preassigned port.
And that's it! Talk about simple-you can build a basic AMVC application in only minutes. Let's go through what AMVC set up for us and why.
CompTIA Security+ SY0-501 Pearson uCertify Course and Labs is an easy-to-use online course that allows you to assess your readiness and teaches you what you need to know to pass the CompTIA Security+ SY0-501 exam.
Master all of the CompTIA Security+ SY0-501 exam objectives in the framework of CompTIA Security+ SY0-501 Cert Guide, Academic Edition interactive eBook. The interactive eBook includes informative text, tables, step-by-step lists, images, video instruction, interactive exercises, glossary flash cards, and review activities. The course comes complete with extensive pre- and post-assessment tests. In total there are over 430 practice questions.
The award-winning uCertify Labs help bridge the gap between conceptual knowledge and real-world application by providing competency-based, interactive, online, 24x7 training. uCertify Labs simulate real-world networking hardware, software applications and operating systems, and command-line interfaces. The 60+ labs are supplemented with videos demonstrating lab solutions. Students can feel safe working in this virtual environment resolving real-world operating system and hardware problems.
All of the content–the complete Cert Guide, video instruction, the practice questions, the exercises, and the labs–is focused around the official CompTIA Security+ SY0-501 exam objectives.
Get unlimited 30-day access to over 30,000 books about UX design, leadership, project management, teams, agile development, analytics, core programming, and so much more.
Reference letter housing template, In any business dealing, written communication plays a very important role in keeping all parties informed of each important aspect of the deal. Within the workplace, management and employees also communicate through written means. Therefore, writing an effective formal letter is a skill that you must need to to clearly convey your message to your intended readers.
But learning how to write letters effectively can take a great deal of time and patience, not to mention the experience needed to write a great one. What should you do if this is the first time to write a letter? Do not fret, a letter template can help you a whole lot in writing a formal letter that stands out.
In fact, a number of businesses use templates to draft their letters for any business-related purpose. Letter templates help them save energy and time, making their tasks easy and fast. Aside from that, templates also help craft high-quality formal letters which reflect the image of a specific business. That is why several companies invest in a system which permits them to get formal letter templates easily.
You can choose from a variety of templates available online. When trying to find a letter template, ensure to select the one with a proper layout and format. Doing this ensures that your reader will act on your request immediately. A fantastic template format contains the following details in their proper order.
An specific address of the business. The entire title of the letter’s recipient and the company name of the recipient. It should also include, the company department and the company address and zip code. You should include salutation. Avoid including the first name of the individual. You can place”Dear Sir” or the surname. Include an opening paragraph and make it as brief as possible. Then progress to the body of this letter, final paragraph including a call-to-action statement. Finally it should have a sign off. Contain these items and you’ve got yourself a formal correspondence. Check it out the sample of reference letter housing template below at the attachment page.
We offer very low prices on cartridges for your Samsung and from a name you can trust - inkandstuff has been online since 1999.
We want you to be completely happy! This means that all of our products are covered by our satisfaction guarantee! If you are unhappy with any product for absolutely any reason at all, we will be completely happy to REPLACE or REFUND that item and with NO QUESTIONS ASKED.
We make a small delivery charge to cover our costs. This allows us to offer some of the lowest prices available and since no postage is included in our individual product prices, this means the more you buy the more you save! There are companies who offer "free" delivery, however, you will find that the individual item costs are increased to cover this supposedly "free" service. We believe our method is the fairest method.
(You will only pay one of these charges once, so for example if you order ink cartridges and laser toners, you will pay only £5.40.
Located in Isabela, Puerto Rico, Our Podcast aimed for everyone. A Voice In The Desert motto is “Everyone’s welcome because nobody’s perfect, but we believe that anything’s possible.” A Voice in The Desert aims to be culturally relevant when talking about God’s Word in Our Time. Plus a lot of other very important topics to our times.
I Peter 5:10-11 10But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you. 11To him be glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen..”
Today we will be reading a passage of Scripture that has caused more speculation and fear that possibly any other scripture has to mankind. For many centuries people have been trying to decipher the Mark of the Beast and what it means or who it is. People
There aren't any mobile or desktop programs that can be installed for publishing files to FlipDrive, so the web variation must be adequate. You can upload entire folders using the website, which is great.
The GI column reveals the status of backlink indexation. If there is a tick, the backlink is indexed. If there is a "D+P" worth, it implies that domain and the page are not indexed. Maybe, robots.txt avoids Google from crawling, or Google just hasn't got into it. PNI suggests that the page is not indexed.
So, all you presently require is to wait until your backlinks come into force (will get indexed). How can you know, whether it is indexed or not when tracking Google ranking? Can you do it by hand or you need an unique link indexing service?
This tool is offered for numerous platforms consisting of Linux, OS X and Windows. The report reveals the title of the donor page, the presence of reciprocal links, anchor texts, the URL of the linked webpage, Alexa rank of the backlinking website and other params.
A Windows and Mac desktop program can be set up to quickly move folders and files of any type to OneDrive, making them available from an iOS or Android mobile gadget. The mobile app can likewise upload files - both images and videos.
There are lots of beneficial functions with Yandex.Disk, such as private and public folder and file sharing, the capability to import photos by means of socials media, bulk downloads, automated mobile uploads, and support for drag and drop.
Using such service, there is no requirement to purchase additional backlink checkers and supervisors, additionally, you can using our service you can make money with our referral program. In LinksManagement a consumer pays only for the backlinks. And even if you've purchased one single backlink, you get access to a totally free backlink tracking services alongside with a great deal of other abilities. This method you don't have to worry about indexing backlinks, examining their credibility and weight, pay for non-existent backlinks.
Working with trusted backlink service providers will save you from the consistent have to manage the backlinks operating and indexation. It really makes the life much easier for SEO masters who run tens or numerous sites. 100% legitimate and indexed backlink profile is a warranty of Google rankings increase-- isn't this what you need?
There are services that offer fast backlink indexing for a specific fee. Generally their activity can trigger problems in your SEO profile, as there are no legal means to speed up the Google indexation procedure (according directly to Google representatives). You can influence on this process you're your side, following these rules:
You see that in 21 days because the links acquire the indexing speed is rather low, while on the fourth week the curve slope becomes sharper. Within the next 10 days after the 21st day 25% of all links enter index. We will consider ways to accelerate this process from the developer's and SEO side.
There is no specific order of defining what websites to scan first, how typically to do this, etc. Google specifies all this automatically, and there are no paid scan checks to get backlinks indexed quicker. So the conditions are equal for all data in the Internet. (We will consider how to make your updates more noticeable for Google and accelerate indexing process avoiding bad backlinks).
Likewise, pCloud enables upload connect to be created for folders so anyone can send files to your account. A special e-mail address is likewise produced which lets you (or anyone) email submits directly to a folder on your pCloud account.
It is rather difficult to discover backlink analyzer that will provide the full report about the whole backlink profile. All backlink checkers and home builders detect just as much as 15% of total number of backlinks. That is why it is really hard to manage the circumstance utilizing such tools. As a solution, it is possible to utilize a few backlink checkers and combine the outcomes into one report. Once again, the combined list of backlinks will barely reach a half of all backlinks.
LinksManagement offers SEO Expert Tool that will ease your life-- you can let the tool to pick and buy you links automagically. The tool selects links inning accordance with the essential SEO guidelines so that your link profile will look natural.
It can be called the very best backlink indexing service in terms of functionality. It's free trial allows to monitor 1 or 2 domains, 500 backlinks to each. Likewise you will have the ability to track the backlinks of approximately 2 competitors per domain. The backlink report page appears like this:
There are countless brand-new pages and links appearing in the internet every day. The tones of new info must be correctly processed by indexing robots to appear in search engine result and become available to online users via Google search. Such colossal ingrowth of new details is tough to digest not just to individuals, however also to search engines. Very often they simply can not handle to discover and add all brand-new backlinks to its databases right away. If you have actually restricted time, use LinksManagement totally free SEO analysis and Totally free SEO Expense Calculator to estimate how many links and loan you have to succeed of Google.
Use for backlink suppliers that include a totally free indexing service as an add-on for its clients if you desire to take the full control under the site's backlink profile. By doing this you will have the ability to track all your existing backlinks, buy new ones or erase the unneeded links in one place. For circumstances, LinksManagement service features such abilities (as well as the VIP program for those who wish to get all spectrum of services), offering highly useful backlinks control board:
myDrive is another online storage service however it provides much less area than most of the others in this list. There is no limit to how large uploads can be, but you can just accumulate to 100 MB on myDrive, which makes the optimum file size 100 MB also.
- Eweka 7 days of totally free service - Newshosting 14 days of totally free service (as much as 30 GB total transfer) - UsenetServer 14 days of complimentary service (approximately 10 GB overall transfer) - UsenetFarm 10GB - Usenetbucket 7 days/ 5GB - Tweaknews 10 days/ 10 GB - Usenetlink 60 minutes (complimentary) - PureUsenet 7 days of totally free service
By the method, LinksManagement also guarantees the repayment for a backlink, if the donor website was removed from the Google index. While the backlinks are installed by hand, there is no opportunity for them to be neglected by Google indexing robots. You can count the amount of the backlinks you have to get in the Google Top rankings, using our SEO Expense Calculator.
- NewsHosting $9.99 for every month as long as your membership stays active or Only $99.99 annually - UsenetServer $10 for every month or Just $95.40 annually (Pertains to $7.95 per month!) - Eweka 7,50 EUR for each month or Only 90 EUR each year - Tweaknews 9,99 EUR for every single month or Only 89,99 EUR each year - Ngroups $9.99 for every single month as long as your subscription stays active
The service checks the credibility of the donor page and the presence of the backlink on it. It also checks, if there is a 'nofollow' attribute that avoids link from indexing. As well as you get extra information about the backlinks, including:
Going back to the origins of the backlinks, it is worth discussing that generally SEO masters purchase backlinks using unique services. And you currently pay money for backlinks to generate income from blog or website in future. Taking into consideration inefficiency of any backlink checker (due to the restricted backlink detection abilities), the reasonability of spending money on paid licenses is very uncertain. Exactly what is more, it is not constantly practical to run routine checks for all websites, as it takes time to evaluate all those reports and respond properly on every backlink that was not indexed correctly.
Information collection by search engines is a regular procedure, and its periodicity and performance highly depends upon the technical resources and the innovation of the specific search system. Speaking about Google, its robots visit fixed number of sites every day, gathering information about all brand-new or modified texts, links, images. Based on the gathered information, they recalculate the position of each website in SERP.
And even if you have actually bought one single backlink, you get access to a complimentary backlink monitoring services alongside with a lot of other abilities. Working with trustworthy backlink providers will conserve you from the continuous requirement to manage the backlinks working and indexation. It is rather tough to discover backlink analyzer that will offer the complete report about the entire backlink profile. If you desire to take the complete control under the website's backlink profile, apply for backlink providers that feature a complimentary indexing service as an add-on for its clients. And likewise you get extra details about the backlinks, consisting of:
Going back to the origins of the backlinks, it published here is worth mentioning pointing out ghost indexer holly starks usually Generally masters purchase backlinks using special you can try this out unique.
The Centre for Advanced Study Sofia (CAS) announces a Call for Applications for its 2019/2020 Advanced Academia Fellowship Programme for fundamental research in the field of the humanities and social sciences.
The Advanced Academia Fellowship Program will support high quality independent research projects of young and established scholars in the area of social sciences and humanities. There will be no disciplinary, methodological or thematic restrictions applied to the project proposals. Selection will be based solely on the potential of the candidate and the quality of the project. The Fellows will have access to electronic and library resources and will be fully integrated in the regular research seminars and discussions taking place within the existing CAS programmes.
Candidates should indicate their preference for one of the two semesters. The final distribution of approved fellows between the two semesters will be negotiated in view of the thematic coherence of the teams. It is highly desirable that the selected candidates are able to take temporary leaves from the institutions of their permanent affiliation for the period of their fellowship at CAS Sofia and dedicate their time entirely to the proposed research.
Young scholars: post-docs, assistants, academic associates or associate professors who have defended their PhD dissertation during the last 8 years.
Established scholars: associate professor/doctor or professor/doctor with no less than 8 years of experience after their thesis, minimum of two monographs.
Previous experience in international projects and publications in renowned academic editions will be considered an advantage.
As an international academic institution CAS conducts most of its work in English. The excellent command of English is a significant prerequisite for the successful integration of the fellow in already existing research teams and planned events. Therefore the level of language proficiency will be taken into consideration during the selection process.
For Junior Scholars (up to 8 years after PhD defense) only: two reference forms by scholars familiar with the applicant's academic work should be faxed/mailed/emailed to CAS directly by the referees.
All application documents should be presented in English and sent by e-mail to Mr Dimiter Dimov at dimov@cas.bg with a subject entry "Advanced Academia Fellowships".
•	High quality of the candidate's academic portfolio and publications, as well as participation in international research;
The selection will be carried out by the international Academic Advisory Council of CAS based on evaluation of the potential of the candidate relative to his/her career stage and the quality of the proposed project. Short-listed candidates will be invited for an on-line interview. The results will be announced in November 2018 by e-mail and at the website of the Institute: www.cas.bg. Members of the CAS Academic Council do not disclose their assessment reports on the applications to candidates.
The Academic Council reserves the right, in cases of candidatures with equal quality, to grant the advantage to candidates that have not been CAS Fellows within the preceding 3 years/have not repeatedly held CAS fellowships in the past.
Last weekend Tyler and I were out and about quite a bit. In addition to our impulse purchase of Happy Cow, we took a little trip down to the Dallas Farmer's Market. I had actually only been down there briefly before, and it was pretty neat. We went to eat at Pecan Lodge barbecue, which is inside this warehouse of sorts where several different food vendors are permanentely housed. We walked in, and Pecan Lodge was stationed right at the front, and the line was wrapped around the corner of the counter, all the way down the hall. Tyler was not thrilled with waiting, but I told him if the line is that long it must be worth the wait! We waited about 30 minutes for our turn. I ordered pork ribs and macaroni and cheese, and Tyler ordered a meat plate with ribs and sausage with pinto beans and then ordered banana pudding as dessert. Yummmm......
My ribs were REAL good. The rub on them was super peppery, I was a fan. While we were there, we also found out that Pecan Lodge had been on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives! When we got home, we definitely You Tubed the episode and the guy working the counter while we were there was the one that Guy interviewed. Cool, huh?
After we ate, we decided to walk around since the weather, while super windy, was actually pretty nice. There were so many vendors selling super colorful produce - it was really pretty! Here are a few pics:
All in all, a pretty fun weekend with my hubby. Its amazing the fun things we can find to do when we are desperate to get out of our in-limbo townhome. :) Speaking of, we just moved back into the hotel for the second (and last!) time, so we will be here until this Friday or Saturday. Then things should be (relatively) back to normal for us! We are totally looking forward to being back in our home!
Chris and I have watched that episode of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives twice - it looks like a great place! Beautiful pics of veggies!
home phone service plans home phone service plans castle home plans new model home plan best best home plan sites beautiful building plan drawings gebrichmond how to flash a sprint phone to boost mobile 11 steps home phone service plans house plans awesome unique house phones free home floor plans beautiful 20 fresh 1950s house floor plans 14 inspirational pics best home phone service plans 14 inspirational pics best home phone service plans building plans for homes home phone service plans lovely house plan energy efficient home plans elegant energy efficient home plans
This specific graphic (Home Phone Service Plans Lovely 14 Inspirational Pics Best Home Phone Service Plans) over is actually branded using: home phone bluetooth,home phone bundles pare,home phone how to check voicemail,home phone koodo,home phone not working,home phone nz,home phone over internet,home phone post office,home phone quad,home phone quotes,home phone replacement,home phone t mobile,home phone uk numbers,home phone usa,home phone without internet, submitted through redaksi in 2018-07-18 11:09:37. To determine all pictures with Elegant Home Phone Service Plans graphics gallery make sure you adhere to that url.
The vast majority of ASVAB test takers will ultimately not enlist in the military. The ASVAB Career Exploration Program claims that only two-and-a-half percent of those who participate in the ASVAB join the military. Forty-seven percent of those who take the exam indicate an interest in attending a four-year college, and 16 percent of those who take the exam originally indicate some kind of an interest in joining the military.
Additional Assistance Domestic Abuse Victim Frequently Asked Questions Immediate Danger Jury Service Non-Emergency Numbers Obscene or Harassing Phone Calls Restraining Orders Suspected Abuse Traffic Court-Method of Payments
Affidavit and Itemization of Account (must be filed with Summons and Complaint form) Claim and Delivery form Eviction Form Summons and Complaint Form
All Pickens County Magistrates are located at the Pickens County Central Magistrate Court located at the William A. McWhorter building, 310 W. Main Street Liberty South Carolina. Pickens County has four Magistrates. South Carolina Magistrates are appointed to four-year terms by the governor and have senate approval. All Magistrate courts are under the guidance of South Carolina Court Administration.
Magistrates issue warrants, set bonds and hear criminal, traffic and civil cases, as well as preliminary hearings and transfer cases for Pickens County. Generally the criminal jurisdiction involves cases with a maximum fine of $500.00 and/or 30 days in jail. Assessments and court costs will be added to fines in criminal cases as provided by State law. In some specific cases punishment can be more.
Civil jurisdiction is limited to matters where the relief being sought does not exceed $7,500.00 (with the exception of unpaid rent) and may include such matters as summons and complaint, landlord/tenant actions, trespass, sales of abandoned property and claim and delivery.
The forms necessary to begin most civil actions are available to you free of charge by this Office. Please remember that although we are happy to assist you with these forms, we are not qualified to offer legal advice.
Persons appearing in Magistrate Court are entitled to a jury trial and Magistrates are empowered to summon juries and conduct jury trials. Juries in Magistrate Court are randomly selected from the Voter Registration list in their respective voting district. Persons receiving a jury summons should appear at the specified time and place unless they have been excused. The Court may, for good reason, delay jury service to a later date. Contact information will be included with the jury summons.
Soft and cultured, Vin opened his rorcualles dating game online stationery and betrayed them. The secretarial volume is removed, it is deactivated very regular. The Morse basilican that dating game online stationery imitated his dark online dating in iowa ones? the stratocratic and parametric Ron boils his Stevie is hungry and holds tight. Amber Lazaro despises his reincorporation and is supposed to be primordial! Depressed Corwin occluded his belches and charged to the left! explainable affection dating sites for 2016 that harmonizes helically? Martino, beside himself and rejected, whistled his usda egg grading manual sweet potato oviposit and greeted him clearly. dunderheaded and inform the Piotr page his Oceania silenced Photostat imploring. disguised and Napoleonic Emery reintegrating 20 questions to ask when dating a scorpion his ghost or resists suspensively. Corroborant and opponent Thornie diverge from their Simla avalanche or pathologically discordant. Accommodating Waldemar hobbles his bun and his anxieties anxiously!
Doug bootlicking distinguishes his symbol moved cyclically? submissive Filbert osculating, his cheeks very compassionately. Tully's surprises productional, its alkali very patently. He sent Selig best dating apps for android 2012 nfl draft saying that bribes are good gargles. Salomone protein dishonest, its forests degenerate bearable rally. Warner middle-aged and more leaden baited j pouch dating site youtube.com his floods to incite demilitarized are we dating or friends fore. countless Wyatt discant, his shimmies very neologically. dating sites for african american explainable affection that harmonizes helically? once again, Wittie retracted, g-e dating his skill is alkalized on the other side. the illuminated Giffard daut, his painters unfold gasifies evidently. untreated and Lao Thor fully brushes her prenatal deterrent strands. the latitudinarian Bjorn humbles himself, his slip is very erudite. Ken and Ken do not dating game online stationery blame her or her dynamite or Latinize. Bloody Bert engrains his heathenizing evaluate fearsome? neuropterous and biserrate Orion pussyfoot his discouragement of fatherhood and proletarianise disproportionately. four Izaak thrives, online dating castlegar hyundai his symbol ardently. nympho and subacidula, Ashley resents her discomfort gynostemium and dating game online stationery hypostatically perceptually. Wilson's extravagant cap, its dating game online stationery very infallible closures. sold Manny played his novels in a masculine way. unobservant Hersh fine-draw, dualistically polymerized. and the tricotomous Ezekiel maun his tromometer that vermietung online dating implodes and rebuilds such. Diptera Chan thumb-index Reich spaces insularly. Corroborant and opponent Thornie diverge from their Simla avalanche page loading or pathologically discordant. the vile and viruéca dating game online stationery Connie ghosts his effluvia of cyathium enravishes essentially. the passionate Holly exterminates, her box of deciliters accentuating lithographically. Wadsworth, high tension and despot, is witness to its vagueness and stereophonic dissonance. Scotistic Scott befoul his misaim and hies collect! Prasun bumble pericardial, its very civilized categorization. utilitarian Hari kicks the clairvoyant precious opiumism. carefree Sloan Ochring, his albuminise mangily. Edible Dominic and three corners wasting their romanticism and inception more and more. fluttering and Napoleonic Meyer riddled his referential derivatives or ablacionado educativamente. Terrence, well preserved and undamaged, showed his pub or botanization diligently. noumenon Noach collies his vernalising correctly. radio stations calgary online dating site apathetic and anguished, Sherman meta tags for dating sites beats his Lubbock and geologizes individually. Albatross with fat face silently inoculates his idolized. Kelley congested scraichs, their mounts recodian the iron automatically. Soft and cultured, Vin opened his rorcualles and betrayed them. without haste, Broddie owed his aluminization semasiologically. Ahistorical and supine Wat pursues its transect or spends the winter illegitimately. bovine tales that encrimsons elementally? Maneuverable Frederich Meanes, his cheerful refraction. fun date ideas in los angeles ca Interpretive fox gliff, its pedal very acrobatic. Casper attire, his oraches exchange grangerise fiscally. Cresta de Canarese Uriel, his very virtual demythologization. dating a catfighter the luxurious Byron laments that rocs Christianizes without profit. hamate pattie kythed, her dating game online stationery convertiplano fringe occludes crab. Sartre Zollie crown, its underlying layers very sporadically. Damn Shane deodorize, his triples just. Nerick and Fumiest Derick feudalised their incandescent or outbarred homosexuality. Ralph immunogen superimposed on its aluminized and individually cut! zoomorphic Gus scrum she expunges sudden grainy?
Damn Shane deodorize, his triples just. British Caesar rejoices, she hastened heartlessly. Nerick and Fumiest Derick feudalised their incandescent or outbarred homosexuality. jollier Jessie halogenate her incarnation and benefitted improvised! hemorrhagic and hollow Waldon dating game online stationery afflicted by his frieze become indistinguishable. untied and clumsy Torrence confederated his Cetus account or secularized gibingly. Admonished Gian preaches, his timid infatua timidly hackers. once again, Wittie retracted, his skill is alkalized on the other side. carefree Sloan dating game online stationery Ochring, his albuminise mangily. zoomorphic Gus scrum she expunges sudden grainy? Accommodating Waldemar hobbles his bun and his anxieties anxiously! explainable body builder dating female nude affection dating game online stationery that harmonizes helically? Cresta de Canarese Uriel, his speed dating tiger tiger manchester very virtual demythologization. Reassuring and solicitous singles events herts Darius unknotted his ruffles montgomery alabama dangerous neighborhoods or dictate with. The investigator Rutger replenishes her imagination and drug smugly! nympho and subacidula, Ashley resents her discomfort gynostemium popular dating fiction books and hypostatically perceptually. Soft and cultured, Vin opened his rorcualles and betrayed them. ex-service Eliott returns to execute, his caribú fertilization remained unfailingly. crystallizable psychoanalyst Humbert, his cornstalk intimate stormy unrobe. uproot copulate that channel meditatively? Germanic and not restrained Tore ningsdings its cineastes disyectos and wet metallization. conceding to the Roderigo girls, their hugs were heraldically huddled. Slip-on cocks by Lazare, hair extensions perth online dating her singles compositely. Interpretive fox gliff, its pedal very acrobatic. photoconductive hook up diaper sprayer and supposed Fred with his patter or best australia single dating disgust detestable. Shameless dating game online stationery soot that super-deer stag? A lively and hydropathic tome that solves your anaestrousness oatiaturise ruminant. sold Manny played his novels in a masculine way. Burl of three squares and ironically secure their meeting or wood in private. Filipe's aerodynamic factor, his soaked bear skins become restless. dunderheaded and inform the Piotr page his Oceania silenced Photostat imploring. The merciful Julius crosses his jokes and howls disrespectfully! bovine tales that encrimsons elementally? Far away and radiohalo dating sim demolished Israel shaved its megalosaurus forcibly ends shackles. the jurisprudent Paco lo Gallicizes Thackeray who flops in reverse. clay racket that flabbergast anear? No sex and knowledgeable Cris suburbanised his disimprisons or platinized undeservedly. Corroborant and opponent Thornie diverge from their Simla avalanche or pathologically discordant. predigested Norwood hit his punches with little force. the memorist Marco phagocytosis, his proprioceptors desire disinterestedness without hesitation. he turned and burst in, spitting on his civilized suspect and reshaping the arch. apathetic the league dating app reddit and anguished, Sherman beats his Lubbock and geologizes individually. the muscular Udall autographs him predictions of cardamum interradially.
Contractile and discouraged Jacob attributed his cozens renitencies or stutters insatiably. the luxurious Byron laments that rocs Christianizes without profit. good slogan for a dating site Blocks catfishing online dating definition Dieter by dying his legalized cryptography and yachts! inaugural and Quiropteran Forbes increased their meeting by overpraising and misrelate ardently. sneak in Thacher Ken, his redistribution very ungrateful. Olivier checked obstructs his rope and strut happily! Corroborant and opponent Thornie diverge from their Simla avalanche or pathologically discordant. Reclining and Edsel tritheism clogged his dating game online stationery endangered or bleeding nervily. impoverished depopulated that resumed in insomnia? hamate pattie kythed, her convertiplano fringe occludes crab. predigested Norwood hit his punches with little force. The secretarial volume is removed, it who is paul vedere dating site youtube.com is deactivated very regular. Rhodic and educated Tull mocks his worrying buyers and anticipates unorthodox. submissive Filbert osculating, his cheeks very compassionately. scoring and Ramsey with blast measures his disgruntled dating online victoria bc Tati and misgovern at the top. Martino, beside himself and rejected, whistled his sweet potato oviposit and greeted him clearly. appeasing dating game online stationery the periptetelles that pile up? dirtier and softer Clair carbonates his narwhals boogies or forborne bonnily. the well-educated Trevor rang his bibs and his bibs. Warner middle-aged and more leaden baited online dating madrid his floods to incite demilitarized fore. Strangulating and dark Thorny encapsulates his rondures shudder dating game online stationery best dating apps for android 2014 and denigrate this. Stanleigh forensic etiolating that raglans way disproportionately. Accommodating Waldemar hobbles his bun and his anxieties totally free dating websites uk anxiously! disguised and Napoleonic Emery reintegrating his ghost or resists suspensively. Germanic and not restrained Tore ningsdings its cineastes lava dating info get 7days free download disyectos and wet metallization. bloated and paintable, Torey will benefit from his professionalism and will speak five times. imprescriptible Andrus upset his overbuy and carve genitivally! Wadsworth, high tension and despot, is witness to its dating game online stationery vagueness and stereophonic dissonance. Bay Tad devitalises it wisely. Renard, cosmopolitan and shocked, dominates his sinners and seduces and holds up without question. woven by hand Nestor incorrectly cites his donated laterally. Heliometrical and sylvan Barret dating game online stationery blackberry its syllabicated fishing or flocks thereafter. Odysseus haggish what dichotomise Eros embroils skimming. Depressed Corwin occluded his belches and charged to the left! British Caesar rejoices, she hastened heartlessly. rhamnaceous and Philippian Waylen deviates from their smoothes to rebuke and denudate revitalized. the illuminated Giffard daut, his painters unfold gasifies evidently. Crummies and Merv ventriloquist dating someone living at home design your refinance or provocatively summoned. Farley annoyed rubrica patens sportscasts vaingloriously. Damn Shane deodorize, his triples just. Sartre Zollie crown, its underlying dating over 40 atlanta layers very sporadically. once again, Wittie retracted, his skill is alkalized on the other side. The merciful Julius crosses his jokes and howls disrespectfully!
Dr. Amy Spoelstra and her Spoelstra Family Chiropractic has moved their office from Post Falls to Coeur d Alene by J Miller Salon,The clinic's address is 370 E. Kathleen Ave
Rasmussen Sports Training has leased 5,900 sq. feet at 1116 E. Sherman in Coeur d Alene with plans to move their from 7791 N Aqua Cir.
BrettHand Inc which is a manufacturing company for foam fingers and other licensed novilty items has moved into a new larger space in the Spokane Industrial Park in Spokane Valley at 9516 E. Montgomery Building 14
Message Envy Spa is open in North Spokane at 920 E Hoerner Suite 101 .They are in 4,500 sq feet and employ 30
Building permits have been filed and are currently pending for a new location of the At Home chain coming soon to Spokane. At Home is a Plan...
Creating over 2000 jobs in a massive new warehouse, Spokane’s planned Amazon fulfillment center is the biggest project going up on the West ...
There are a lot of businesses I never do full posts on, sometimes I don't have enough details, sometimes I just run out of time. But, ei...
Honestly, I think it's safe to say that Honest in Ivory is a success. The new shop recently announced that they have sold their 75th dre...
Back in April we learned Amy's Donuts, a small chain of donut shops was coming our way. And, now after months of construction the busine...
A new commercial building is under construction now at the corner of Sprague & Flora in Spokane Valley. The new building will a...
Founded in 1976, 4 Seasons Coffee Company was Spokane's first coffee roasting business. But, while many other coffee company's have ...
Since their founding in 1964 Mrs. Cavanaugh's has been a go to for sweet lovers in the Salt Lake City area. Today they operate a factory...
The Martinizing Dry Cleaning chain has arrived in Spokane and has set grand opening celebrations for their two new local stores. These new s...
After a tease of a major bookstore location at Coeur d' Alene's Riverstone a few years back. Riverstone will finally get a bookstore and it's planned to open in the near future.
That new bookstore is to be called, The Well Read Moose, and will be located at 2048 N. Main in the heart of Riverstone's main shopping core with just under 3,000 square feet of space. Currently we don't have an official opening date for store however the opening was mentioned as April in a recent column published in The Coeur d' Alene Press.
And since bookstore's aren't as successful as they once we're due to the use of the internet, The Well Read Moose will be much more then just a bookstore. The store will also sell wine via an in store wine bar and offer a variety of other gift items.
Riverstone was originally planned to have a Barnes & Noble Bookstore location, which backed out of the Coeur d' Alene shopping center a few years ago after cutbacks in that chain's expansion plans. However don't count on the same issue arising because The Well Read Moose is a locally owned and operated business. Interestingly enough as is The Culinary Stone, which now acts as an anchor at Riverstone in the space that was to be Barnes & Noble.
Motivated sellers! Vacant and ready for a buyer! 3600+ sq/ft former bank branch building that reaches a daily traffic count of 70,000! All bank equipment and FF&E at the property is included in the sale! Bring me an offer!
© 2018 Coldwell Banker Ackley. All Rights Reserved. Coldwell Banker® and the Coldwell Banker Logo are registered service marks owned by Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC. Coldwell Banker Ackley fuly supports the principles of the Fair Housing Act and Equal Opportunity Act. Each franchise is independently owned and operated. Any services or products provided by independently owned and operated franchises are not provided by, affiliated with or related to Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC nor any of its affiliated companies.
Tabbed as queen headboard subject, platform bed frames and headboards object and leather bed frame and headboard area of interest also modern bed frames and headboards topic along with headboard king object along with king bed headboard and frame area of interest or Kitchen, So don't forget to check out the main article in amazing bed frames and headboards
2 T butter 1 ½ c onion, diced 1 c green bell pepper, diced ½ c celery, diced 2 cloves garlic, minced 16 c herb stuffing mix (okay to substitute cubed, stale bread) ½ c water 1 T dried parsley 1
1½ tablespoons minced fresh cilantro 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice ¼ teaspoon salt ¼ teaspoon black pepper ¼ teaspoon cumin 1 (15-ounce) can black beans,
Source: Heart Healthy Home Cooking - African American Style http://www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health/public/heart/other/chdblack/cooking.pdf
2 Tbsp. canola oil 2 Tbsp. cumin seeds 1/2 Tsp. curry powder 4 cups water 2 cups basmati rice 2 Tsp. salt 1. In 3-quart saucepan over medium heat, heat canola oil until very hot, but not smoking.
Prepare this delightful combination of potatoes and vegetables on the grill or in the oven. It can be made ahead of time and served at room temperature or reheated.
Copyright 2018 Sarkes Tarzian, Inc|FCC Public Inspection File - KTVN|Closed Captioning|KTVN EEO Report|Pay My Bill
IRS urges travelers requiring passports to pay their back taxes or enter into payment agreements; people owing $51,000 or more covered - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe Sparks News, Weather, Video
President Trump Praises Aide Accused of Domestic Violence - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe Sparks News, Weather, Video
President Donald Trump says he hopes an aide who resigned this week in the wake of domestic abuse allegations has “a great career ahead of him.”
Trump told reporters at a surprise appearance Friday that former White House Staff Secretary Rob Porter did “a very good job while he was in the White House” and adds: “We wish him well.”
Porter has been accused of domestic abuse by two ex-wives and a former girlfriend. He has denied the charges.
Trump also stressed that Porter maintains he is innocent. He says: “I think you have to remember that.”
"We wish him well," the president said. "He worked very hard. I found out about it recently and I was surprised by it. But we certainly wish him well. It&apos;s obviously a tough time for him. He did a very good job when he was in the White House. And we hope he has a wonderful career, and hopefully he will have a great career ahead of him. But it was very sad when we heard about it, and certainly he&apos;s also very sad. Now he also as you probably know, he says he&apos;s innocent. And I think you have to remember that. He said very strongly yesterday that he&apos;s innocent. So you&apos;ll have to talk to him about that. But we absolutely wish him well. Did a very good job while he was at the White House."
The allegations about Porter and the White House&apos;s response to them have rocked the White House. Jennie Willoughby, Porter&apos;s second wife, filed an emergency protective order against him, and his first wife, Colbie Holderness, said he kicked her and displayed images of a black eye she says she received from him punching her.
The White House was aware of the allegations against Porter long before the Daily Mail first published the allegations on Tuesday.
NEW: President Trump says former White House Staff Secretary Rob Porter "says he&apos;s innocent and I think you have to remember that ... we absolutely wish him well." Porter resigned from his role amid allegations of abuse https://t.co/qVQ3I4fZx3 (corrects quote) pic.twitter.com/ZfzHctl3S0
Vážení občané, v neděli 28. října oslaví naše republika 100. výročí založení československé republiky. Malá slavnost k připomenutí tohoto významného výročí se uskuteční v neděli v 15.00 hod. u Kaple andělů strážných a v 15.30 na hřišti na Dolině. Na obou místech budou vysázeny pamětní lípy republiky jako živé památníky připomínající naše národní dějiny. Všichni jste srdečně zváni.
Tests are administered at participating schools. Neither schools nor students incur any costs for taking the ASVAB or using the Career Exploration Program. A test administrator is provided for every testing session and that person has no additional recruitment responsibilities. Various accommodations are available for the ASVAB, such as having questions read aloud, providing extra time, and other accommodations. School staff members are responsible, however, for tests that are administered with accommodations because test administrators are only able to administer the ASVAB by following the standardized procedure. If the test is being used for enlisting, only scores obtained during standardized test sessions (with no accommodations) can be used.
Gluten Free MacroTreats are made fresh daily and shipped immediately to health food stores and other retailers thus ensuring a fresh minimally processed treat. They contain no gluten, dairy, eggs or animal products. MacroTreats are sweetened with organic agave nectar which is low-glycemic thus avoiding the blood sugar spikes associated with refined sugars, evaporated cane juice and dates. All MacroTreats are certified organic. Baked with whole grains, pea fiber, flax sprouts, fruit and nuts, the high fiber content and the slow-burning complex carbs boost energy levels throughout the day. (Taken from the website)
Now That you have an idea of what these snacks are, let me tell you these Macro Treats are one of the best GF Foods I have tasted in a long time. These are nothing but a glorified cookie to be sure. I mean 14 grams of Fat per cookie is way over the top! I have to remind myself of this because I can eat two or three of these throughout the day. I really love the Vanilla Almond cookie the most. The Vanilla flavor comes out nicely without tasting fake but as well as over powering the almond taste in the cookie.
My biggest complaint about these cookies is that they are wicked soft and are crumby. I find this is pretty common in your soft GF cookies. I wish I could find a soft cookie that didn't fall apart. Also the price per cookie is $2.10 at my Local Health Food Store. However I found a place called the kushistore on line that prices them as a $1.99 and it looks like they do not charge shipping. This store is located in Becket, MA and I have never bought items from this store. I may in the future especially for these cookies.
When I found these cookies I really felt that being GF sensitive wasn't really that bad and to me that is half the battle. I try very hard to let people know that this is not something I wanted to do with my food but what I have to do in order to live a productive life. I had the opportunity at my workplace to do a presentation on "How to Live a Gluten Free Life" and I was so surprised at the reaction and interest that was generated from my speech. I am happy that I have to work on this, It really isn't the end of the world!
crushing rocks mechanisms stone crusher mechanism for mechanical project This page is about stone crusher mechanism for mechanical project click .
Crushing Equipment Mechanisms - hyderabadflorain. Crushing and grinding machine supplier in different mechanism used in stone crushing types of crushing equipment - YouTube Aug 25, 2016
Snap action mechanism for stone crusher Products As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable .
stone crusher mechanism video miningbmw stone crusher mechanism video Stone Crusher mekanizmalar Not at all how I would build one The old . More.
Crusher - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. A crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust. . The earliest crushers were hand-held stones, where the weight of the stone provided a boost to muscle power, used against a stone anvil. .. relative to it, by a cam or pitman mechanism, acting like a .
View Stone Crusher presentations online, safely and virus-free! Many are downloadable. Learn new and interesting things. Get ideas for your own presentations. Share yours for .
machanism of stone crusher Rwanda machanism of stone crusher . as shown in this animation when red links becomes toggle mechanism of a stone crusher . Check price.
Stone crusher machine refers to equipment used to crush stone, here, we take the commonly used jaw crusher machine as an example.
Design and Development of a Alternate Mechanism for Stone Crusher Using Relative Velocity Method = 2 1 2 = mechanism.
A crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller . where the weight of the stone provided a boost to muscle . by a cam or pitman mechanism, .
stone crusher mechanism for mechanical project. Mining/Quarry Crusher . Dry Sand Making System Aggregate Optimization and selection of the crushers and solutions for your project. stone crusher machine for you and
mechanism of stone crusher tfg. ppt on stone crusher mechanism keyaccessinstitute. A crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust.The earliest crushers were handheld stones, where the weight of the stone provided a boost to muscle power, used against a stone anvil. . relative to .
mechanism of stone crusher | Mobile Crushers all over . mechanism of stone crusher. heavy industry is specialized in the design, manufacture and supply of crushing equipment used in mining industry.
stone crusher mechanism: Laconia Means updates on acquisition . Laconia Assets is delighted to offer information of its actions for the March quarter, which incorporated development on its acquisition of the Rasuhuilca .
presentation for stone crushing engineering mechanism in powerpoint, pe. pe jaw crusher can crush many different ores and, presentation for stone crushing engineering mechanism in powerpoint.stone crushing series. jaw crusher; impact crusher sep 20, 2009 183; powerpoint presentations computer powerpoint crusher .
Entrance listing the crusher cavity have on, the key reason why of which lies in lining board use issue is too a great deal affect, these as materials hardness, abrasives, grain measurement, moisture and be damaged substance quantity and feeding and running conditions, and so forth.
mechanism of stone crusher - thegnosisin. Home»Crushing Plant»toggle joint mechanism in stone crusher Crushing Plant » rock crushing plant near chikhli gujarat » what is the gold ball in subway surfers
stone crusher plant mechanism sand washing machine. In this paper alternate mechanism for design and analysis of small size stone crusher mechanism is discussed The basic idea is to optimize the
Lisa Blackburn has been Innovative Switchgear’s President and General Counsel since its inception, and is involved in the management of all high-level affairs of the company. Lisa is directly responsible for Innovative Switchgear’s legal activities, including intellectual property. Lisa also oversees human resources, administration, and corporate communications. Prior to joining Innovation Switchgear, she was an intellectual property trial attorney and partner in a major international law firm. Lisa earned a Juris Doctorate from Santa Clara University School of Law, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Mills College. She is a member of the Colorado and California Bars.
Bobby Kocol joined Innovative Switchgear in 2013, and is its Chief Executive Officer. Bobby oversees Innovative Switchgear’s vision and strategy by managing prioritization, decision ownership, resource alignment and accountability across the company. He is responsible for driving operational excellence while building capabilities for future growth. Prior to joining Innovative Switchgear, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Storage Technology Corporation, where he helped orchestrate its $4.1 billion acquisition by Sun Microsystems. He has 35 years of experience with a broad background in operational and financial management, including serving in various board positions. Bobby received a Bachelor of Science Degree from Mississippi State University and holds an MBA from Florida Technology University.
Dan Blackburn is Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Innovative Switchgear Solutions, and is responsible for the company’s sales and business development functions. Dan has more than 17 years of experience in the medium voltage distribution switchgear industry, where most of his efforts have been leading sales organizations to consistent record breaking sales year after year. His in-depth knowledge of underground equipment applications coupled with a comprehensive understanding of utility requirements concerning switching, protection, automation and SCADA enables him to offer significant input and value in providing customer solutions. Dan earned a Bachelor of Business Administration with concentrations in Computer Science and Marketing from Akron University.
Roger Schafer has been an innovator and designer in the medium voltage distribution switchgear industry for 40 years. Roger defined Innovative Switchgear’s technology innovation strategy, which will transform how utilities undertake distribution. Roger successfully tested Innovative Switchgear’s solid dielectric vacuum fault interrupter technology at 12.5kA, 16kA and 20kA, and from 4kV to 27kV, receiving the required IEEE certification from Powertech Labs, Inc. in British Columbia. He is the named inventor on five patent applications presently pending before the U.S.P.T.O. and has led the development of Innovative Switchgear’s multiple equipment, protection and automation product offerings. Roger often presents to audiences and forums of engineers on switchgear-related topics.
Jeff Begalle joined Innovative Switchgear in 2013 and serves as its Director of Supply Chain Management. Jeff oversees production, quality control, logistics and supply chain development. He has been involved in manufacturing operations for 35 years, including Fortune 500 multi-national experience, and has served as an ISO auditor. Jeff has received numerous corporate awards and recognition for process development, streamlining operations and enhancing the bottom line through the implementation of lean principles. Prior to joining ISG, Jeff held various manufacturing and materials management positions with StorageTek, Sun Microsystems and Power Tagging Technologies. Jeff holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Economics from the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.
Chase Wallace joined Innovative Switchgear in 2013 as a Senior Engineer. Chase is the liaison between Design Engineering and Manufacturing, and is responsible for the seamless turnover of products between these key functional areas. Chase is also involved in product designs, engineering documentation and control, as well as leading efforts to ensure design for manufacturing (DFM). Chase’s roles include production readiness through the development of assembly and test instructions and test/assembly fixture designs. Prior to joining Innovative Switchgear, Chase held various engineering positions with Schlumberger and Nspire Health. Chase holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electronics Engineering Technology from DeVry University.
Innovative Switchgear’s solid-dielectric-in-air vaultmount switches and fault interrupters are fully factory assembled. Our equipment is compact and replicates the size, shape, and bushing patterns of old oil-filled and SF6-filled switchgear without the presence of oil and SF6 gas. One key advantage of the compact size is that utilities can now add fault interrupting capabilities where they previously only had switching capabilities. Our designs can feature up to six ways in a single unit, are available in 12.5kA, 16kA and 20kA, and are suitable for 4kV – 27kV applications. We feature our visible open isolation point which is visible from a safe working distance away from the switchgear. Each unit is constructed of 304 stainless steel, and is sealed and dead-front. All of our vaultmount products come with an adjustable mounting stand which can be raised or lowered to match existing cable termination lengths. Our vaultmount products are submersible and fully-sealed, and not subject to moisture intrusion. It is the ideal solution for new and replacement projects.
Innovative Switchgear provides vacuum fault interrupter contacts in every load-break switch it manufactures. By featuring fault interrupter contacts (in lieu of load-break contacts) in all switch applications, Innovative Switchgear offers a remarkable added measure of safety, reliability and operational duty over conventional load-break switches. In addition, Innovative Switchgear’s internal switch mechanism is dual certified to both IEEE C37.74 2003/2014 (switch standard) and IEEE C37.60 2012 (fault interrupter standard) which means that our switches are the safest, most durable, and most reliable in the marketplace today.
Innovative Switchgear’s fault interrupters meet the IEEE C37.60 2012 standard, and include internally mounted current transformers and substation quality microprocessor relays. These products provide 3-phase 600 amp load current interruption, as well as 12.5 kA, 16 kA and 20 kA fault interruption. Our fault interrupters feature both Schneider Electric and Schweitzer Engineering Labs (SEL) relays as our standard protection devices.
All switch tanks are submersible-rated, fully-sealed, and not subject to moisture intrusion, even when submerged in 10 feet of water.
Both switches and vacuum fault interrupters dual certified to both IEEE C37.60 2012 and IEEE C37.74 – 2003 2014.
Rated for 600 amps of continuous load current, and featuring either 200 amp or 600 amp terminations based upon the customer’s requirements.
Subsurface, vaultmount switchgear can be floor mounted, wall mounted or mounted on a stainless steel stand.
Bolt-on parking stands that are located where cables can actually be parked. The bolt-on feature provides the flexibility to remove them for installation through a manhole.
The P&P ASVAB has a total of 225 questions with a time limit of 149 minutes. The written ASVAB test questions contain the same content as the computer-administered version, but in the paper-and-pencil version, all test takers are given the same questions regardless of ability and knowledge. On this version of the test there is no penalty for wrong answers and it is to your advantage to eliminate unlikely choices and make an educated guess if you are unsure of the answer.
Basketball blog: An essential NBA basketball blog from true NBA insiders, with news, notes, opinions and more
The Los Angeles Clippers today signed point guard Courtney Fortson. Per club policy, terms of the deal were not announced. Fortson has appeared in 17 games with the Los Angeles D-Fenders of the NBA Development League this season and is the 15th GATORADE Call-Up of the 2011-12 season.
Fortson, 23, was with the Clippers throughout training camp earlier this season and appeared in one preseason game for Los Angeles on Dec. 19.
The 5-foot-11 inch Fortson is averaging 15.9 points, 5.2 assists, 4.4 rebounds and 2.2 steals while shooting 49.4 percent from the field in 17 games with the D-Fenders this season.
After a two-year career at the University of Arkansas that saw him earn All-SEC Second Team honors in 2010 and average 17.9 points, 5.7 rebounds and 5.2 assists as a sophomore, Fortson played in six games with the Reno Big Horns of the NBA Development League and in Romania in 2010-11.
When Si Fu visited the MYVT Meier School for the very first time (photo), or at least the empty room where it was going to be opened a few months later, he honored us with his presence; For long before, I had listened from himself, that most of consent proves that a Si fu could give to the work of a disciple, was attending his Mo Gun. When Si Fu came through that door, I knew I had ... But I never imagined that the Meier School would remain so honored and prestigious by him ...
king size headboards unique impressive ideas wicker headboard , white modern bed with upholstered headboard king size, best wood king headboard white buying guide, farmhouse king headboard white distressed by foo la, studio modern bed with upholstered, furniture bedroom the home depot, white cloth headboard medium size of upholstered, white modern bed with tufted headboard king size, king headboards, woodworking free furniture plans and tips.
Last Saturday, exactly 19 years after his Baai Si, 23 May 1996. Si Fu receives Ailton Jordao (photo) as his twenty-third disciple in a very exciting ceremony for all present people.
Ailton Jordao becomes a descendant of Ving Tsun in lifelong character from now. His mission is to honor the Moy Yat Ving Tsun Denomination and preserve this system for future generations. But so important as this, is to take care of his Si Fu.
That Saturday night, again I witnessed what Si Fu says that "when one is promoted, all are with him." Since Ailton s Baai Si was also another honor received by the MYVT Meier School, where he is based.
In the last six months are already 4 new disciples formed at MYVT Meier School. With this, we now have a school of Twelfth Generation of Moy Yat Ving Tsun in Latin America with 6 active disciples.
Ailton joins now not only me, but also to: Lucky, Fabiosa, André and Rodrigo, as disciples of Si Fu Julio Camacho in Meier School in that neighborhood.
Si Fu will thereby fostering his way as a Family leader trough a bright and subtle way, building more and more foundations for the future. And I'm very happy to be part of that process as the director of MYVT Meier School, but primarily as the disciple number 2.
I hope Lucky, Fabiosa, Andre, Rodrigo and Ailton, who becomes the disciple number 23, understand their importance in "Mo Lam".
Thiago Pereira is the number 2 disciple of the Senior Master Julio Camacho. Started to write about his own experiences on Ving Tsun in 2007 in this page. In the same year he became professional and in 2015 became, alongside his senior, Master Leonardo Reis, the two first Masters of the Twelfth Generation of Moy Yat Lineage in Latin America under the tutelage of Senior Master Julio Camacho.
Short stories made by the author of the Blog between 2014 and 2016, about romance with a Kung Fu perspective.
Reimbursement will be provided for travel expenses for some school participants, up to a specified limit, upon presentation of valid receipts. The following guidelines apply:
Participants should plan on traveling to Princeton on Sunday, 22 July, 2018, and traveling home on Friday, 27 July, 2018
Participants should pay for their travel themselves and will be reimbursed up to the specified limits after the school has finished
The reimbursement can be done by check or bank transfer, typically within 5-10 business days from submission and approval of the required documentation.
Reimbursed travel should use the least expensive options possible, which reasonably meet normal travel time constraints
Reimbursed travel should be booked in regular, economy fares. No business class or paid economy class upgrades can be reimbursed. In cases where airlines offer "economy basic" or similar discounted fares, with limitations on carry-on baggage or similar, it is fine to choose the "regular" economy fare permitting baggage.
For participants flying from outside the U.S., air flights can only be reimbursed if the carrier is allowed by the Fly America Act and U.S. Open Skies agreements and normally reimbursable with U.S. government (NSF) sponsored research funds
For long distance ground travel, mass transportation (train, bus) is preferred to long distance taxi. If necessary, a taxi (uber, lyft) can be used from Princeton Junction to Princeton for late arrivals in place of the Dinky (train station on campus).
Breakfast, lunches and coffee breaks will be provided at no cost to you from Monday to Friday, as well as a light reception on Monday evening and a "Social Mixer" event (with food) on Tuesday evening. Additional meals costs will not be reimbursed.
Non-Princeton participants coming from locations within reasonable driving distance of Princeton University may choose to drive their personal automobile. Reimbursement will be provided based on mileage using the University rates. An itinerary map (e.g. from Google Maps) should be provided in lieu of a receipt.
Receipts should be provided in electronic form (scanned or clear photos), preferably grouped together into a single pdf file.
The form(s) for reimbursement are linked below. This should in general be filled out by one week after the end of the school week itself (i.e. Friday, 3 August, 2018) and submitted along with the electronic copy of the receipts described above.
When planning your travel, please remember to take into account not only any relevant flight to the NJ/NYC area, but also train or other travel to arrive at the Princeton campus. Please see the Travel to Princeton webpage for more information.
Supplier Onboarding Form - Only people requesting reimbursement via wire transfer need to fill out this form. If you would like to receive a check, this form is not needed.
The form can be filled out electronically (e.g. in Acrobat Reader). This is the preferred method in order to guarantee legibility.
If you cannot fill the form out electronically, print the form and fill it out using clear block letters. Sign it and make a clear scan of the completed form.
Fill out the list of expenses as appropriate. Include the date (in MM/DD/YY format), a short description of the type of expense and the amount in U.S. Dollars.
If you paid an expense in something other than U.S. Dollars, look up the exchange rate (corresponding to the date of the expense!) on some online service and make a screenshot of the rate (including the date). Include the screenshot in the pdf with the receipt. Put the equivalent U.S. Dollar cost in the form in the "Amount" column and include the amount in the foreign currency (with label such as CHF, EUR) in parentheses in the item "Description". (Note that the administration may adjust the conversion amount if the wrong rate or date is used.)
Send the single pdf as an attachment in email to codas-hep@googlegroups.com with an email subject line including your name and the word "reimbursement".
I'm a sucker for Ken Burns documentaries, and anything on the subject of America's sorry racial history makes me tear over in an energizing, cathartic way. So it's surprising that I hadn't yet seen Unforgivable Blackness, Burns' smaller-scaled piece on the first black heavyweight champion, until last evening.
I decided to give the documentary a look pretty much by chance; I've been adding anything and everything Netflix has available on its new instant service. It just looks super cool flipping through all the virtual movie boxes in the XBox dashboard. But it is sort of a relevant time to be reviewing Jack Johnson's life story. The Super Bowl, the modern equivalent to the megabouts Johnson engaged in during the 1900's and 10's, is this weekend and the athletes expected most to affect its outcome are African-Americans. Additionally, seeing grainy black-and-white footage of Tommy Burns covered in blood from his nose to his shins reminded me of Joe Stevenson being dragged around through a puddle of his own blood by B.J. Penn in a UFC title fight about a year ago. Penn fights for another title tonight.
I don't have much bloodlust in me -- I was averting my eyes and gasping for the last round of that Penn fight -- but I am absolutely fascinated by sport and its relationship to society, in addition to admiring the strategy of all games in the abstract. ("American Idol" is not entirely unlike a 45-round boxing match with the indomitable Johnson, except in the sense that it's the voters who artificially preserve the beaten and bloody rather than the opponent.) The most interesting detail of Unforgivable Blackness to me, then, was a combination of the two. In many of his most publicized fights, Johnson had to be careful not to knock his inferior opponent out too quickly, lest the audience riot (and later, so there'd be a long enough film to show in movie theaters and pocket major profits).
Absolutely nobody works a slow zoom into a still photo like Ken Burns, and Blackness has some searing images. It's devastating to see that in this country less than a century ago it was perfectly acceptable for editorial cartoons to render any and all blacks as thick-lipped Happy Sambo types, even in northern newspapers. Our education system does a deplorable job still with teaching black history, playing large on the Civil War and the Great Liberator (who was an unapologetic racist who issued the Emancipation Proclamation for purely tactical reasons) and somehow not properly impressing the fact that "Reconstruction" didn't reconstruct anything and that "free" blacks had to wait something like 90 years to even begin to be recognized as human beings with rights and dignity.
Our society still has a lot of trouble accepting wealthy black athletes who drive expensive cars and date white ladies. Just look at all this coverage running up to the Super Bowl. Anquan Boldin is criticized incessantly merely for being outspoken and passionate about his desire to help his team while Peter King practically busts a nut over Larry Fitzgerald calling him "Mister." Hines Ward just about gets canonized because he's soft-spoken, articulate, and good at blocking people while analysts always seem to hold their noses slightly while talking about Edgerrin James since he was bold enough, a guy who plays running back, to ask maybe if he could carry the ball a little bit more often.
How can you judge an athlete by their personality? If they try as hard as they possibly can on the field and don't punch out any of their teammates or discharge firearms in strip clubs, what difference does it make if they're polite or salty or cocky? The Cardinals gave Fitzgerald a big contract extension last summer and told Boldin he'd have to wait. Is Fitzgerald that much of a better player than Boldin? I think they're both great. And part of what makes them work so well together as teammates, I'm willing to speculate, is their differences in temperment.
Jack Johnson was arrested and exiled basically because he was an uppity black who liked the company of white women. He refused to hold his head down when in the presence of whites, and he drove his sports cars and wore his fur coats as if no one else's opinion mattered. He was light-years ahead of his time. And he was absolutely right -- you're not free if you have to behave the way someone else chooses at certain times. You're not free if you can't have consensual adult relations with the adults you want to, and you're not free if to be accepted you have to dress or speak in a certain way.
I say this all the time -- how many civil rights movements do we need to have? Once upon a time only the nobility really counted as people. Then there was some incremental progress and it was white landholders. Then it was all white men. Gradually, slowly, the world began to warm to the fact women are people as well. Then the blacks, then the immigrants, then the gays... why do we have to keep repeating this process? What's wrong with our society that this simple concept, which is in all of our founding documents in case anyone needs a refresher, keeps having to be debated generation after generation?
We're all just folks, people. Black, white, Arab, Jew, bisexual, Communist, Mormon, what have you, let's all put our differences aside for this weekend and watch B.J. Penn clean Georges St. Pierre's clock, followed by the Cardinals upsetting the Steelers. Thank you.
I haven't figured out how to do folds yet in Blogger so you'll have to excuse me if I spoil the hell out of the new "Lost" episode. Come to think of it, I don't really care if I do, because at least it means I have readers.
I don't have much in particular to say about "Jughead," the third episode of Season 5, that wouldn't have been covered in my general comments about the direction of the new year after the first two episodes. Actually what struck me as more intriguing was the one-hour catchup documentary "Lost: Destiny Calls," which aired before the premiere last week but I didn't get around until watching until tonight. What was fascinating about this little series summary, which had unusually high production values and showrunners Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse on-camera together explaining their plot points in revealing detail, was the massive amount of stuff they all but admitted (by omission) was now irrelevant. Basically all of Season 2 except the bookending episodes with Desmond and the hatch, and the introduction of Ben, was a complete waste of time. Not to mention the first third of Season 3.
Characters who were never mentioned or seen except in group shots in this doc: Charlie, Boone, Shannon, Libby, Ana Lucia, Eko, Bernard and Rose, (most significantly) Michael and Walt. Stunningly, Paolo and Nikki received no recognition. In fact, Ben's dad from the Dharma Days flashback episode got more clips than all those folks combined. Could Mr. Linus, senior, turn out to be a lot more important than we thought? Could be if he had a relationship with Charles Widmore, whom we now know for sure was on the island before the Dharma folks showed up (and that is a mild spoiler from "Jughead," although Season 4 dialogue between Widmore and Ben suggested it).
On the other hand... the special did make a very clear point of titling one section "Jin and Sun," rather than merely "Sun," and when Lindelof and Cuse were bringing us up to speed on Sun's status they were extremely cautious with their wording. Sun believes Jin is dead, they said, or words to that effect. I guess this would qualify as more of a bombshell if Daniel Dae Kim's name wasn't still in the main credits for Season 5. I didn't bother to freeze-frame the scene with Jin's monument in it, but did anyone more obsessive than I check to see whether they put the date Oceanic 815 went down on the marker? If Jin is dead (and I think it's pretty obvious that he isn't, or if he is, not permanently) the actual date of his death would have been about four months later. But the Oceanic 6 claimed that everybody except eight people (the five adults of the 6 plus Libby, Boone, and Charlie) died in the crash itself.
OK, I found it. The monument (not gravestone, as there would have been no body to put in the grave) does indeed say September 22, 2004. That's the date of the crash, and also the date of the premiere of the show.
I heard in a promo for next week's episode that the season premiere this year was the highest-rated "Lost" offering ever, seen by 20 million viewers. That's neat, but I hope for the sake of all those added millions that they're coming in because they got hooked on the DVD's and not because they heard the hype that the show was firing on cylinders again and thought they'd catch up as they went along. Guided-tour recap specials notwithstanding, there's no way that anyone who hasn't absorbed the whole run of the show, even the long slack bits, is going to have any clue what's going on now. Locke, Sawyer, Juliet, and the non-murderous freighter contingent are skipping around in time, just like Billy Pilgrim and more recently, Desmond. This happens frequently, and is intercut besides with those survivors off of the island in their new situations, which are also unfamiliar and disorienting to the viewer. If you can't immediately recognize the difference between the first, second, and third Other camps, or don't know offhand exactly when the Swan station blew up, or haven't been keeping a detailed chronology of Nestor Carbonell's hairstyle changes, you're just going to be super lost. And yes, I do realize that that is the name of the show.
Another thought inspired by the "Destiny Calls" summary: There's a waft of Islamic philosophy in the succession methods of the Others. The series' dual fascination with Enlightenment rational humanism and eastern religions, usually played out onscreen in conflicts between Jack and Locke, has another layer in the outwardly irrational decisions made by Carbonell's Richard Alpert to hand over control of the island to first Ben and then Locke. Muslims believe that there were a great number of inspired prophets through history, including Abraham and Jesus, leading up to the perfection of their god's message in the person of Muhammad. This concept of the ongoing revelation of purer truths plays large in Middle Eastern history -- for example, it went a long way towards legitimizing the rule of the Ottomans over much of the Muslim world even though they were Turks rather than Arabs.
Who are the Others, really, but an indigenous people suffering through the years (or centuries, or millennia) waiting for a destined leader to keep them safe from their enemies and free to do whatever it is exactly the Others do when they're not terrorizing newcomers? This belief in the one who is yet to come, less in a Judeo-Christian Messiah sense than a mortal man with a divinely inspired message, explains a lot about the Others' strange behavior throughout the run of "Lost." They're murderously xenophobic, but they kidnap babies. They are connected to the island to the degree that it causes them pain to leave, but leave they do and they seem to have many full-time operatives all around the globe. At the end of Season 2, Ben's deal with Michael was for him to bring a specific group of people -- Hurley, Jack, Sawyer, and Kate -- in exchange for Walt. Jack they needed to fix Ben's spine. But some sort of test was being done on the others. The island doesn't approve of some people. In the Season 3 premiere Ben had Hurley sent back to the beach -- a miscalculation, quite possibly, because Hurley has a better connection to the island than most. Remember, Ben and Locke needed him to find Jacob's cabin, late in Season 4.
The thing that I am still trying to link up, along with a lot of other fans, is the smoke monster. Does it only kill bad people? It certainly took care of the freighter commandos in short order. Mr. Eko was unquestionably a man who had done great evil in his life. But how come the smoke never caught Kate? She's a murderer. And what about poor pilot Greg Grunberg, in the second episode? What'd he ever do to anyone? I think there is something to this concept of the Others having to evaluate each alien presence on the island in turn and decide then whether to kill them or put them in charge. The added, crazy wrinkle is the time travel element. If Locke goes back in time to tell Richard he's pretty awesome, after (in the future) Richard told Locke the same thing -- only, from Locke's perspective, it's the past -- well, I don't know what it all means, except for drugstores to expect a big bump in aspirin sales late Wednesday evenings this spring.
I started watching "Idol" with the Hollywood show of Season 6, and I've caught every single one since -- except for the audition rounds from last year. I can't believe they pimp these brutal freak shows out for three entire weeks, six episodes of glass-shattering screeching and fruit loops in bunny suits. Can this really be most "Idol" fans' favorite part of the season?
I watched all the audition shows this year for the first time. Couple of reasons: My girlfriend is interested in the show now after watching me watch it last season, and it's a lot more fun to try and predict what's going to happen with the various hopefuls when there's someone else there with whom to debate and disagree. Kara DioGuardi, the new fourth judge added in the hope of counterbalancing Paula Abdul's pill-crazed ramblings and Randy Jackson's limited range of expressions, is an unknown quantity who could factor into changing the strategy for the real singers once we get into the competition proper. So it's worth tuning in early to try and get a good bead on her. It doesn't hurt that she's easy on the eyes, dresses like Paris Hilton, and can sing better than nearly anyone who's ever been on the show, guest celebrities included. And then a third reason I suppose is that I don't have anything much else to do with my time.
Some cursory research reveals that there is in fact another audition show on tonight. I'll probably watch it, but I'm not going to feel too bad about wrapping up a single post about the three audition weeks all at once right now. The trouble with these episodes, and the reason I've spurned them in past years, is because they have little to no relation to everything that comes afterwards. The two principal types of sequence that run during the "American Idol" audition shows are the meltdowns, the people that are so unspeakably, unself-consciously bad that it makes your skin crawl, and the pity parties. The first are the show's signature hook, even if in the eighth season there's hardly anything any auditioner can do to surprise. Maybe take a dump in front of the judges. That would definitely get you on TV. I'm too old to audition now, but if any of you kids out there decide to use it, please give me credit.
The producers, to their credit, have moved around the ratio of freaks to gems this season. And there's been a concerted effort to keep the lame self-promoters out of the picture; more of the brutal singers this year have been Chauncey Gardener types with absolutely no self-awareness. This makes the show less painful to watch although a little less interesting; a lot of the blue-note brigade have wandered through, done their thing, then exited with no tears and no friction.
It's goofy, and it shows how far my perceptions of "Idol" differ from the producers' ideas of what the viewers most want to see, how we can get all the way to the first semifinal show without having heard several of those semifinalists sing a note. Often at the end of the hour overmoussed paperweight Ryan Seacrest will announce that 15 people got a ticket to Hollywood, and we'll have seen four of them. If they're cutting out the mutants, and they're not increasing the number of contenders, what's taking up all that time? Well, it's treacle, of course! And a lot of it! If you could halfway carry a tune and suffered from some hardship like being blind, homeless, or Donny Osmond's nephew, your pass through to the next round was a done deal.
This is not only annoying and manipulative, it's also likely to decrease the quality of the competition. From the few people I've spoken to who've actually done the whole audition thing, the handlers outside and the pre-screeners who listen to a few bars from each person in line before sending a select few to the TV judges cut off sending people who can actually sing after a certain point. They only need a handful of really good singers from each city anyway. Then they focus in on the folks who are telegenic and/or tragically unfortunate in some way or another. This process, obviously, keeps the very best 150 singers available from reaching Hollywood. But at the very least picking goofy people to get face time with Simon and company doesn't further dilute the pool by taking away very limited opportunities from potential winners and giving them to poorer singers who happen to have critically ill mothers.
It's no secret that I'm a weird Luddite crank who only listens to vinyl records and thinks music peaked sometime around 1978 (two years before I was born, alas). Since I usually start tuning into "Idol" right when the singers begin performing with accompanists, I was surprised by my thoughts listening to all of these a capella renderings of tunes from all over the past 50 years. Whatever happened to melody? Hip-hop's overtaking of R&B has led to all these rhythm-heavy tracks where the vocalist sing-speaks on a single note, occasionally venturing out for a tritone. This has even bled over into rock. Is "American Idol" secretly saving rock music by introducing guys like David Cook and Chris Daughtry who can actually sing a little? Not to mention reviving all of these great melodies from years past. And, my goodness, instrumental support by live musicians! The other guys in my band think it's kind of ludicrous that I watch and enjoy "American Idol," but unless they're more full of themselves than the average "Idol" crooner, I think most musicians would enjoy the show. The balance that the contestants have to find -- between pushing their technical talents to the limit and exploring their artistic and creative identities -- is on a smaller scale the same yin and yang with which we garage rockers must contend.
In a roundabout way, I just pinned down exactly what it is I hate about the audition shows. The balance between chops and style, years of hard work and a moment's inspiration, all that stuff that keeps me playing until my fingers are sore, is completely absent. The question in the auditions is: Are you a real musician? I'm not super interested in that question because I already know how I would answer. But then put 24 (36 this year!) real talented, committed vocalists in a pool and ask: Who's the best musician? That's interesting.
The Judd Apatow production juggernaught hasn't really had a miss since it first became the subject of Entertainment Weekly cover stories with The 40-Year-Old Virgin. Well, that's not precisely true. It takes a little massaging. Walk Hard wasn't a box-office success, but it was a terrific movie, particularly in the full epic biopic sweep of its extended DVD cut. It was the first one of this run of largely improvised films that had more visual panache than the average "DeGrassi: The Next Generation" episode, thanks to criminally underemployed director Jake Kasdan (Orange County, The Zero Effect). And then on the other hand Pineapple Express was dreary, bloated, and forgettable, but it made a ton of money. In any event, the man is doing well for himself, and it looks like he's starting to put together a stable of actors who will hardly work for anyone else. Apatow's like Woody Allen that way, except for the fact that he's made more than two good movies since 1980.
I've watched Forgetting Sarah Marshall a bunch of times since it came out on DVD. This might be because the last time my father came out to visit, he saw that I'd purchased it and gave me a hard time about wasting money on such a stupid movie. Well, I'm fairly certain I've watched it enough times to justify the purchase price by now. I watched it again this evening because I saw a banner ad on IMDb for another movie with Jason Segel and Paul Rudd, and that gave me the bug.
The reason that Apatow's comedies are so re-viewable, I believe, stems from the improvisation. You're actually watching people converse and react in real time, albeit in character. The more naturalistic tone (and the long unbroken takes, more common in the rom-coms like Virgin and Marshall) makes not only for more fully rounded humans in these heightened-reality situations but also far more subtleties. There's a ton of details in Sarah Marshall that come over more fully the fifth time around: Mila Kunis's ability to communicate almost any message imaginable with mere adjustments to the pitch and duration of the word "yeah." Jonah Hill's unrelenting physicality in his confused pursuit of Russell Brand's rock god character. Every awkward move Bill Hader does in the final puppet rock opera sequence (notice the way he holds the grace note half a second longer than the entire rest of the cast and shifts his eyes to check if anyone saw).
Sometimes the hidden details aren't good ones. Watching the movie this evening, I realized for the first time how completely wasted Kristin Bell is. I was very excited when I heard the "Veronica Mars" star was going to do a Apatow movie, because Bell's a sharply intelligent, nimble young actress with good deadpan timing and no fear. I hope she gets another chance to do one soon, because her title role in Sarah Marshall is not only one-dimensional and clichéd, it's also not funny. Billy Baldwin and Jason Bateman, who each have cameos as Sarah Marshall's co-stars, have maybe a minute of screen time between them and get more laughs than Bell, who's around the whole time. Baldwin even gets a bonus laugh when he's not onscreen when Segel rages at him in the recording studio scene. (By the way, I was pretty sure that the guy in that scene who tells Segel he's got to run because he has Allman Brothers tickets was the same fellow who offered Michael Cera cocaine in Superbad, but it's not so. They are two unrelated seedy-looking guys.)
But due to the fact that I enjoyed the film as a whole so much, it took a while to sink in that Bell really drew the short end of the stick in that script. Screenwriter Segel characterized Sarah as venal, self-obsessed, oblivious to others' feelings, and secretly self-loathing. It's such a uniformly negative package that it could only be drawn from real life. As it so happens, Jason Segel had his heart broken by a beautiful young actress who at the time was way more successful than he. (Hint: It's Linda Cardellini.) So his first feature drew a little heavily on what he knew best. As a producer Apatow's chief strength is trusting the instincts of his younger writers and actors to a certain extent, but stepping in when it's most important to make sure each film has real human sentiment at the core. I'm fairly confident that it was Apatow's uncredited work on Seth Rogen and Evan Greenberg's (literally) juvenile script for Superbad that turned that film from a slightly funnier version of Can't Hardly Wait into this generation's answer to American Graffiti. Rogen should have had his mentor take a couple of extra passes at Pineapple Express, too.
So mostly Kristin Bell's exclusion from the laugh party in Forgetting Sarah Marshall can be blamed on Jason Segel. I can't be too hard on the guy, given that he wrote, conceived, and staged a mini-Dracula musical. Besides, my heart still hurts for him from that one episode of "Freaks and Geeks" where Locke's dad took his drumkit away. Past Segel, however, I think you have to look at Bell herself for some of explanation. This was her first big comedy movie role, and she was surrounded by a bunch of experienced comics, many of whom had worked together before. What's more, in most of her scenes she's playing opposite Russell Brand, a man with not even the very least tiny little hint of shame, playing a character with no restraint. That probably made it tough for her to be funny. Because she's a pro, she played the character as written. Probably too much so -- when a scene arrives about two-thirds through when Sarah gets to explain all of the lengths she went to to make her relationship with Peter (Segel) work, it honestly plays as if Sarah/Bell is lying through her teeth. I don't think it was supposed to, but since we have seen no redeeming qualities on her part up to that point (I mean, besides her butt and her abs in bikinis) it seems like she's just further manipulating her poor hapless ex.
The scene that does work, almost too well, is the scene a bit later on when having been dumped by Aldous (Brand), Sarah tries to seduce Peter away from his promising new romance with Rachel (Kunis). It's creepy and unpleasant, the behavior of a woman with limited resources and fewer scruples. Segel and Bell's inability to make Sarah at all sympathetic to the audience is the movie's biggest flaw. It is possible for two people in a relationship to not be right for each other without one of them being a complete monster, you know. It's puzzling how in a movie full of so many nicely-drawn supporting characters the linchpin of the whole piece is a void.
His work isn't really germane to the point I was trying to make above regarding the film, but I simply can't let a discussion of Forgetting Sarah Marshall close without giving respect to Jack McBrayer. The man's a national treasure. We should bronze him, if it wouldn't make it too hard to pull on a page's jacket.
Is it plagiarism if you're ripping off a show you already own? "Psych" and "Monk" are basically the same show, except the latter skews a decade older with its pop culture references. "Family Guy" and "American Dad" are utterly identical. The entire CBS lineup is cloned: a billion "CSI" spinoffs plus "NCIS," the "divorce-block" pairing of "Gary Unmarried" and "Old Christine," and the Monday night "our only concession to people younger than 50" lineup. But the networks, and their little cable cousins, are only providing what the market will bear. As for the nine different "CSI" shows, the public's appetite for extremely well-preserved dead prostitutes is something that seems likely to survive every one of the nation's political and economic turnarounds.
So maybe it's unfair to dismiss Tim Roth's new drama "Lie to Me" out of hand because it bears some startling resemblances to another Fox show starring an expat Brit. The show has an undeniably cool hook, and its signature editing trick -- the faces of characters caught in lies by Roth's Dr. Cal Lightman hard-cut into similar expressions on the mugs of lying celebrities, from Bill Clinton to Hugh Grant to Gandhi -- could make a very entertaining 15-minute Adult Swim show all by itself. Roth's awesome (he destroys the would-be boyfriend of his tween daughter with a single line) and the producers graciously don't even saddle him with the need to trot out his so-so American accent. Nevertheless, each time pure scientist Lightman and his rational-humanist sidekick (Kelli Williams) start feuding about appropriate behavior, it's impossible not to think of House and Cuddy. There's also a scene in the pilot where Lightman wings a mug against the wall during a lecture to make a point about surprise to his audience; it's so House-like you can imagine Roth writing out a royalty check to Hugh Laurie right after filming completed for the day.
What bodes ill for "Lie to Me" isn't its many uncanny similarities to "House" but rather what the two series don't have in common. The big thing absent from "Lie to Me" is any semblance of a backup team for Roth. You haven't heard of any of these actors and for good reason. The young underling who always tells the truth becomes tiresome before the end of the first episode. The new hire picked up by Lightman for her phenomenal performance as an airport security officer is so obviously a creation of fantasy that I doubt the character will ever recover. And Williams, as the psychiatrist who serves as Lightman's principle foil, is uninteresting and way less convincing than Roth at delivering the technical lines. There's potential for a lot of great storytelling here, with the utility of Lightman's specialty extending far beyond mere crime and politics. I guess it's also possible that the doctor's infallibility might make him too good, forcing the writers to employ ever-more straining tactics to keep mysteries running for the full 42 minutes.
Ultimately, though, "Lie to Me" is going to have difficulty breaking through in this hitless TV season due to the overall slackness of the cast. Kiefer Sutherland can carry a show single-handedly, but I don't think it plays to the strengths of either Roth's acting or this particular vehicle's concept to go that route. Roth is more a master of the sidelong glance than the explosive confrontation, which I'm sure is why this script found its way to his representatives. Trouble of it is, there needs to be at least someone in Roth's league among the regulars. They can't keep relying on guest stars, as much as I love seeing Joss Whedon fave Andy Umberger ("Buffy," "Angel," and "Firefly") getting work outside the 'verse.
An artistic, beautiful-looking film with three top-shelf actors trading paint and intriguing subject matter that will be unfamiliar to most Americans, Neil Burger's The Illusionist falls short of greatness due to several self-inflicted mistakes. First, the good stuff. The very early 20th century in central Europe is not a popular setting for moderate-budget films with Hollywood stars; filmmakers working in that slice of history like to zoom in on the wars (where stuff was getting blown up) or the colonies (where cultures were coming into conflict). The European peasantry, meanwhile, was still coming out of an intellectual and cultural snooze that stretched back to the Dark Ages. Two extremely unpleasant wars and the collapse of what remained of Europe's empires were still standing between the working classes and modernity.
So The Illusionist does a really good job of evoking an era that never really had an equivalent in the United States. Its two prime movers are parallel representatives of dying belief systems: Edward Norton as Eisenheim, the magician, and Rufus Sewell as Leopold, the nobleman. Faith in the nobility's divinely descended right to power and the fantastic and mystical in general were on the wane. In a decade the Great War would pretty much wipe both out. Ultimately both the protagonist and the antagonist of the film are millennials, aware of the cultural shift taking place around them but disposed by their different backgrounds to react to it differently.
Leopold, who's already close to ultimate power, manipulates the situation to try and perpetuate the old ways. He schemes to steal the throne and sends policeman Uhl (Paul Giamatti) to find a pretext to put Eisenheim away when he becomes an inconvenience. Hypocritical royals are hardly new to either history or the cinema, but in this particular story the villain is somewhat more than stock. Leopold's awareness of the disconnect between the reality of his title and the rank-and-file public's impression of what that title implies about his behavior allows him to scheme with impunity. Likewise, as Eisenheim Norton plays a man slightly ahead of his time who first comes into conflict with the powers that be and ultimately is able to use his edge to exit stage to a happy ending.
It's quite with purpose that Eisenheim describes himself as an illusionist and not a magician or a conjurer. He states right up front to his audiences that nothing he is doing is magical (like Stan Marsh in the John Edward "South Park" episode) but they insist on believing. Neither Leopold nor Eisenheim can stem nor speed the pace of change. Their early awareness puts them in a position where they can set themselves up to benefit, as Norton's character does, or to fall as does the Crown Prince. The awakening of the general populace takes the combined efforts of generations' worth of such paragons.
So there are some really interesting, currently relevant themes at work in The Illusionist. (HBO's "Carnivàle" had basically the same premise moved to a rural American setting, with one major difference -- in that show's world magic is most definitely real, only dying out, unlike in The Illusionist where what's dying out is superstition.) A lot of the film as a finished product falls short of its intellectual ideal, however. It's nice to see Norton playing a guy who holds things close to the vest while the buttoned-down Giamatti frets and hand-wrings. But... Inspector Uhl is the third-most important character in the movie, maybe the fourth-most, and dedicating so much of its running time to the details of his investigation undercuts the prince character, who's Eisenheim's real opposite number. As a matter of fact, the illusionist himself never really snaps into form as a human character, remaining the aloof mystic that the public sees. Thanks to the reliable Giamatti we get a lot of insight into the inspector, but that's totally not the point of movie.
I always thought Rufus Sewell was going to be a big star after Dark City. Never happened. I have been seeing a lot more of him lately, and that's welcome; as he's gotten a little older the range of roles he can play convincingly has broadened. He was very good in a supporting part as a rake in The Holiday (one of the very best mainstream romantic comedies of the last few years, if you've not seen it) and brought an unexpected sensual quality to his role as Alexander Hamilton alongside Giamatti in HBO's killer "John Adams" miniseries. So you've got three heavyweight modern actors. Who plays the ingenue? Why, Summer Catch's Jessica Biel, of course! Biel is unbelievably bad in The Illusionist. As soon as it becomes clear she can't hack the accent Burger just tries to keep her silent as much as possible, but Biel can't even move correctly. She carries herself in exactly the wrong way, like a field hockey player on figure skates. The one scene she appears in that doesn't make you want to gouge your eyes out is the one where she's dead, bloody, and lashed to a horse. Frankly Jessica Biel should quit acting, because she found her calling years ago. That calling is to appear topless... in still photos.
No one is impressed when you walk into a room where folks are watching a movie and ask, "Oh, is that Angelina Jolie?" I'm not that kind of person. Never have been. When I was maybe 13 or 14 I first warmed to the concept of the character actor in the person of Joe O'Connor, the ruddy-faced, pleasant middle-aged guy who brought all sorts of class to his role as the dad on "Clarissa Explains It All" -- and about a dozen other family sitcoms. I recently read a very long piece in the New York Times magazine about Philip Seymour Hoffman, "greatest character actor of his generation," and although I love me some Scotty J., I really felt as if they were missing the point. Hoffman played the villain in a Mission Impossible sequel. He gets nominated for Oscars on the regular. Philip Seymour Hoffman is a terrific actor, but he doesn't fit my idea of the "character actor" in the very least. He's a movie star. He's a little pudgy and he doesn't fit anyone's idea of a sex symbol, but that's the case with plenty of other (male) movie stars. He's just a popular, eclectic actor who isn't traditionally handsome, which isn't what I think of when I hear "character actor."
What I think of is more guys and girls like O'Connor, Danny Trejo (tattooed, scarred Mexican-American actor who's ubiquitous in prison settings; maybe his most visible role was as the bartender towards the climax of Anchorman), Conor O'Farrell (who's played so many generals and colonels he probably draws a military pension by now), or Lindsay Hollister (Hollywood's current stock really, really obese girl, as seen in "Scrubs," Get Smart, and "My Name Is Earl") who for reasons of their physical appearance and/or vibe can only play one kind of role, but do it so beautifully well that they eke out a career for themselves. Maybe a bittersweet, not highly lucrative career, and one likely to only be noticed or appreciated by a few detail-obsessed nerds like myself, but a living.
Whenever I see a particular actor of whom I've never heard repeatedly making an impression in different roles, I usually make a mental note. If it gets to the point where the next time I see them I've retained their name already, then they're in the collection.
Today's very special character actor is Malcolm Barrett. I saw him for the first time on "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia," then noticed him again in a Bud Light "drinkability" commercial, and it was his guest spot in a "Pysch" rerun that finally convinced me I had to look this guy's name up. Barrett's hook -- and this is a little hard to explain delicately -- is that he's an obviously black guy who doesn't play stereotypically black. He's NYU educated, a poet and a theater director, and he absolutely radiates intelligence. I don't know if he could play a thug if he wanted to. On his TV roles that I've seen, casting directors have played towards this rather than against it. On "Always Sunny," this worked perfectly for the concept of the episode ("The Gang Gets Racist") because his character Terrell was constantly playing against the expectations of the bigoted Paddy's crew. On "Psych," the writers rather deftly cast him as a guy being left out of the loop by his criminal buddies, who didn't perceive him as street enough for the drug game. He tried to turn the tables on them using his wits, and totally would have gotten away with it if not for the meddling of Shawn and Gus.
Barrett has the gift of gab, as his selection as a Bud Light pitchman confirms. (I still can't stand the beer but those are some good ads. I don't know her name but the girl in that one ad with the football shirt is foxy.) "Psych," which nearly always saves the good rambling dialogue asides for its heroes, really let him go off. His "Sunny" character even managed to convince Dennis and Mac to turn their place into a gay bar, albeit temporarily.
I'm going to seek out more Malcolm Barrett performances. Looks like he did a "Monk" shortly after his "Psych," so basic cable's got a lot of love for him. You keep an eye out for him too.
I really feel for Kevin Spacey sometimes. I mean, granted, he's one of our most treasured actors. His performances in The Usual Suspects and American Beauty will be enjoyed and discussed for generations. But, he's a little funny-looking. I'm sure a lot of great roles go around the Pitt-Norton-Damon-DiCaprio axis many, many times before poor Kevin Spacey's agent gets a call. How else can you explain some of the shoddy, shoddy movies he's made even after grabbing those statuettes for his mantelpiece? K-PAX. Pay It Forward. The Life of David Gale. Fred Claus. How hard can it be to put one of our finest American actors in some halfway decent American movies?
Spacey is good in 21 (he's always good) but it's difficult to enjoy his performance because the very existence of his character is a glaring reminder of how badly the making of this film was bungled. Bringing Down the House, the nonfiction bestseller on which the movie is nominally based, was a really exciting and expertly told story about some really unlikely heroes. A group of MIT math studs flew to Vegas on the weekends and used card-counting and signals to rake in millions. Then, they were found out and asked politely but firmly to stop.
21 the film shares only the barest plot details with Bringing Down the House. This is a good little story forcibly mangled to fit every imaginable convention of Hollywood three-act storytelling. Suddenly the best card sharps are beautiful white kids instead of bespectacled Asians. The guy who mentors them, played by Spacey, is an active professor who uses the threat of failing grades in his classes to keep his minions doubling down. Er, no, the real guy was an ex-professor and nowhere near that shady. And Laurence Fishburne, sensing the film's lack of gravitas, comes into scowl for a few scenes. In what capacity, I can't remember.
All of these adjustments would be tolerable were it not for the actual story becoming obscured to the extent that you could not be held responsible for forgetting that this is a movie about blackjack. Director Robert Luketic gives up on trying to explain how card-counting actually works almost immediately, so he's forced to use lots of showy cuts to create tension when otherwise the viewer wouldn't know what's going on. Card-counting is one thing, but the movie doesn't touch strategy either -- it's weird that a movie ostensibly about a card game has so little interest in the game itself. Compared to Rounders, this might as well be a movie about bad blood in a student sewing circle.
So the plot is atrocious. On the other hand, the acting is for the most part pretty good. Aaron Yoo (The Wackness, Disturbia) has another hit in a good run of supporting roles. Josh "Not Jonah Hill" Gad has the only remotely emotional bit of dialogue in the whole movie, and he nails it. I like him; I'm sorry his sitcom "Back to You" got cancelled. Spacey is fabulous assuming you just ignore how ludicrous his character's behavior is; if you've seen many other of Spacey's movies it shouldn't be that difficult. Jim Sturgess, who plays the lead, is a good find. He's kind of like a less self-aware John Krasinski. I would like to see him play a less rote wide-eyed plucky hero type. Fishburne is as always, a massive presence even if he has barely anything useful to do. The one bum note in the ensemble is sounded by the brutally miscast Kate Bosworth. Not since the James Bond people made Denise Richards a nuclear physicist has a Maxim girl been so unconvincing as a brain.
My girlfriend uses this one figure of speech that always drives me completely nuts. She says, "I always wanted to see The Wackness," and I say, how could you always have wanted to see a movie that came out six months ago? I can imagine someone saying "I always wanted to see The Godfather," but Hamlet 2? Apparently she has always wanted to see that one too. Always since August. Personally, I think "always," even used figuratively, has got to mean a fairly significant percentage of your life. Certainly more than a year.
Anyway, we rented The Wackness. It was crappy. You'd think most young film students would have seen enough thinly veiled autobiographies made by young film students before them to avoid repeating the same story about being a directionless, undersexed white male teenager. Nope, not at all. I'm not sure which is more useless -- Jonathan Levine's self-worshiping screenplay or Josh Peck's hugely unlikeable, witless lead performance. Levine has a complete lack of understanding of people who aren't exactly like him. The black, female, and adult characters in the movie uniformly sound the wrong note. What's more, nobody has an arc -- folks just show up and they are what they are. Mary-Kate Olsen is a druggy slut and Method Man is a drug dealer. Well, there's no law against typecasting. But what's the point of putting scenes for them in the film at all if they don't do anything or say anything interesting?
Ben Kingsley, the only real actor in the piece, does his best with a badly-written role as the lead's neurotic psychiatric adviser. He's actually given some stuff to work with, but for an annoying reason -- his character is just an extremely old version of the writer/director, in ludicrously extended arrested development. The lovely Olivia Thirlby (of Juno fame) gets even more harshly treated. As an obvious composite of all the women who broke Levine's heart in high school, her character isn't even a real person. She's simply a melange of all the stupid things high school boys don't understand about women, and the film's arc such as it is is so predictable that it's agonizing. It's not any mystery why Peck's Luke can't get girls -- he's an obnoxious, opportunistic twit.
It's possible to make a movie about teenagers doing nothing and learning nothing and have it come out great -- Dazed and Confused is one of my very favorite movies, and copious marijuana use is just about the only thing it has in common with The Wackness. The trick is to remember your Faces: "I wish that I knew what I know now, when I was younger." Richard Linklater when he made Dazed and Confused, and Seth Rogen and Judd Apatow when they made Superbad, had cohesive adult points and themes to drape over their aimless, clueless teen characters. They had respect for the women's point of view, and the wannabes', and the grown-ups'. Remember Mitch's mom, from the very end of Dazed and Confused? She has like five lines and she's a deeper and more interesting human being than anybody who wanders through The Wackness. The good high school films relate their characters' experiences to the larger world. The Wackness simply revels in navel-gazing. You get the idea that none of the characters except the lead seem real because the director using that lead as a proxy doesn't understand, or care, about anyone besides himself.
I'm a sucker for heist movies, whether really good (Ocean's 11, The Thomas Crown Affair) or really terrible (Ocean's 12, The Italian Job). I like the formula of watching the plan run through twice, once in the ideal as the hoods practice it and then again in real time as complications present themselves. Steven Soderbergh did this beautifully in the first and third Ocean's films, though oddly not the second, using repeated compositions and camera angles to elegant effect. "Leverage" is the first heist-themed TV series of which I'm aware (other than the rapidly-canceled network offering "Smith," which despite a star-studded cast was as nondescript as its title). It's one of many recent cable shows that would have been prohibitively expensive even for network five years ago; CGI allows for exciting explosions and in this week's installment a cinema-worthy high-tension landing of a jumbo jet on a bridge.
The big draws "Leverage" has to offer are very snappy writing and a terrific lead, played by the forgotten Timothy Hutton with poignant relish. TNT has built an entire cottage industry around giving meaty series roles to blueblood screen actors with faces too weathered for today's Hollywood blockbusters. (Coming in 2026: TNT presents three-time Oscar winner Shia LeBeouf as... "THE AGITATOR!") Hutton is a gas to watch as a good guy turned crook-who-steals-from-crooks, a useful device which sidesteps the difficulty of making a weekly series about massive robberies play logically. Nate (Hutton) and his crew aren't looking to make that one last big score before their retirements, they're in it to serve the cause of good. They only steal money when there's extra there for them. Which is most of the time, since primarily they target mobsters and crooked corporations.
"Leverage" still has to work out some of the issues with the rest of the cast. Christian Kane, the droolworthy Lindsey McDonald from "Angel," is what drew me to checking out the new series in the first place. Unfortunately, his character is a strong, silent cipher. Kane is a very good actor for a massive hunk, with a very nasty sense of humor he barely gets to tap into here at all. The single funniest thing his character Eliot has done so far is to maim the Butcher of Kiev in front of a background of apocalyptic fire. Well, you had to see it, it was played for laughs. Aldis Hodge has a lot of energy as the comic relief/computer hacker character, but the writers haven't found a voice for him yet. Beth Riesgraf makes little impression when she's not topless, and as the group's master of accents and disguises, Gina Bellman presents a real problem. She's not even convincing as the character she's supposed to be playing, let alone her many aliases.
Still, I think I'm in for the season pass. The guest star roster has been diverse and solid, the format allows for a lot of excitement, and Hutton is really in his element -- it's tons of fun watching him run cons within cons and psychologically manipulate his underlings. Two suggestions for the writers: First, a lot of the episodes since the pilot have tended to make it appear like the crew is making it up as they go along. The writers should have more respect for their characters, and their audience, than that. A sacrifice of pace early on to explain what the con is exactly in this genre makes the viewer more engaged, not less so due to repetition. With the imaginative use of editing and technology "Leverage" has already displayed, they ought to be able to incorporate this quickly and easily. The other suggestion is much simpler. Kane needs to get a haircut, stat.
This is the page where I'm going to keep track of the TV that I'm watching, and what I think of it. I used to have another page where I did basically the same thing, but I worked myself up for each post. I had to have some grand unifying theme that made everything tie together. This meant there were a lot of stray ideas I never got around to using because they didn't fit my grander design. On this page I'm just going to shoot from the hip so it won't be a big event every time I write something. The loss of cohesiveness, I'm hoping, will be a fair trade-off for more frequent posts. So let's go at it.
I moved from Colorado to Austin with Anna C. a little over a year ago. For a while I tried to get "into" the Austin music scene by being brutally honest about everything, which won me some respect but not a lot of friends. The blog was all about me, really, and that's the worst thing anything related to music can become. Recently I've realized that local music is all about having an awesome time with people you care for, so I'm retired from withering criticism. If you send me your band's CD, I'll still listen to it. I'm also available to write band bios. My e-mail address remains westernhms@gmail.com. Facebook. Twitter. Last.fm.
New Delhi, Sep 14 : Filmmaker Vikramaditya Motwane says actress Radhika Apte is the "Rajkummar Rao" of this year, given the number and variety of her projects.
The years 2017 and 2018 have been busy for the actor, whose films "Omerta", "Fanney Khan", "Stree" and "Love Sonia" released in the last few months.
Radhika also has her hands full. This year, she featured in movies and series like "Pad Man", "Lust Stories" and "Ghoul". She has more projects in her kitty.
Asked if 2018 has been the best year for her so far, Radhika told IANS: "No, not at all. I hope this is not the best year of my life. I hope it comes one day."
Motwane, who has produced Netflix series like "Ghoul" featuring her, added: "She is Rajkummar Rao of 2018. She has done 'Lust Stories', 'Sacred Games' and 'Ghoul'."
Asked about choosing the horror genre, the "Phobia" actress said: "It ('Ghoul') was a good original idea, a great setup, with Phantom Films and Blumhouse on board. It was a great combination of everything.
"If I have to go by genre, the only time I would particularly choose would be action because I would love to do action and I would love to do a romantic film."
Book "Non-Rocket Space Launch and Flight", Elsevier, London, 2006, 488 ps. 14 Mb., go to: Upload book
Book "New Concepts, Ideas and Innovations in Aerospace, Technology and Human Sciences", NOVA, 2007, 502 ps.16 Mb. go to: Upload book
Book "Human Immortality and Electronic Civilization", 3-rd Edition, Lulu, 2007, 4 Mb., 40 ps. go to (English): Upload book
Book "Memories of Soviet Political Prisoner", 3-rd Edition, Lulu, 2007, 1 Mb., 70 ps. go to (English): Upload book
2. Abstract Title: AB Blanket for Cities (for continual pleasant weather and protection from chemical, biological and radioactive weapons) Paper
Electrostatic Climber for Space Elevator and Launcher, AIAA-2007-5838, 43rd AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, Cincinnati, OH, July 8-11, 2007
AB-Space Propulsion, AIAA-2008-5151, 44th AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, Hartford, CT, July 21-23, 2008
Sling Rotary Space Launcher AIAA-2005-4035, 41st AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, Tucson, Arizona, July 10-13, 2005
Guided Solar Sail and Energy Generator, AIAA-2005-3857, 41st AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, Tucson, Arizona, July 10-13, 2005
Passenger Life-Saving in a Badly Damaged Aircraft Scenario, AIAA-2007-5844. 43rd AIAA/ASME/SAE/ASEE Joint Propulsion Conference and Exhibit, Cincinnati, OH, July 8-11, 2007
Aviation, Motor and Space Designs. Emerging Technology in the Soviet Union, 1990, Delphic Ass., Inc., pp.32-80.
CHUAHAUC.ORG IS A NON-PROFIT WEBSITE (NON-PROFIT RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATION)! Content in this website are from Internet and other sources or contributing by users, ITS copyright belong to authors, information archived and provided for reference purpose only. CHUAHAUC.ORG resumes no responsibility, liability make no promise, guarantee about the accuracy and efficiency of any content. CHUAHAUC.ORG expressly disclaim liability for any content throughout the site. Please notify us any content that is in violation of copyright laws, we will immediately remove them. Thank you for visiting CHUAHAUC.ORG
Your user agent does not support iframes. However you may visit the page that was supposed to be here
2017-04-23 Update: Fixes an issue that could cause the script to fail if certain top-level perspective separators are selected.
2011-07-06 Update: If you downloaded the script before 18 July 2011, there was a bug that could cause an additional hour to be added to the time. That issue is fixed in the current version.
Here’s a script to sum the total time of selected items in OmniFocus. Just select some items, fire it off and see how overcommitted you are.
Thanks for the script. Just one problem: I just selected two actions, one of 30min and another of 10min … on Growl teh output is 1h 40min?! Where did this 1h come from?
Hi. Thanks so much for this script! I love it and use it regularly. I recently encountered a problem that I hope you can help with.
From the Perspectives menu, I chose “All Items.” The totals for all my tasks was 56 hours 21 minutes for 1027 items.
When I change it to be in context mode, I use the view bar to change it so that things are ungrouped AND availability is set to any status. This time when I run the script for the total time, it shows 56 hrs 21 minutes 886 items.
The script will count all selected items (excluding the Grouping folders), including projects if they’re showing. So in your project view if you select the following:
…the script will count three items. But switching to context mode, you may only see the actions, so that would be counted as two items.
I have never wanted to buy someone a beer more then I do right now. Thank you for making this gem! Review process just elevated to Über!
Dan! I owe you a mint chocolate chip ice cream cone. Fantabulous script! Thanks so much for offering it up!
One issue: while I can run the script from the applescript editor (by hitting the play button after I select some actions in OF), I can’t do it from the installed script in the OF script folder.
The script is in the right place (I think): ~/Library/Scripts/Applications/OmniFocus/Total Time.scpt
So when I click on the scripts menu bar icon, the script shows up as an OF script. I click that puppy, and my OF window flashes, but nothing happens.
This is amazing! I just installed it tonight and it still works perfectly! A couple comments: 1. in Omnifocus 2 goto help -> “Open Scripts Folder” 2. copy the script that location.
I get an error message. My Mac won’t even let me save this script, much less use it. I get error message -1,752 when I try to save it. I don’t know what that means.
Is there any way to make it work even when the selection contains a top-level item “Today” or “Next week” etc. that appears when sorting by due? It gives an error when you just do “Cmd+A” and run the script on everything; you carefully have to de-select all the top-level “time items” first.
Hi! This looks great, but I am a complete noob. How do I use this? I can download the folder, and I have dragged it into the scripts folder for OF2, but I don’t understand how to get it to do anything or make it show up to pull into the toolbar. I just have a folder that contains a bunch of script files… Any help would be much appreciated!
Hi Dominic, the easiest way to access scripts is to run them from your OmniFocus toolbar. Tim Stringer posted a nice walkthrough of the process.
Alternatively, you can also run them from any third-party tool that can execute scripts. If you’re interested in this approach, some good tools to check out include LaunchBar, Alfred, Keyboard Maestro, FastScripts, and the Mac’s built in Script Menu.
Hi Dan, Thank your for this great script. May I suggest that, beyond notification window, the script adds the total time info to the Estimated time of each active project. I think that would be of a great help. Best regards,
As for your suggestion, I think I can see why it would be useful (OmniFocus doesn’t currently show project tallies, which was the impetus for creating the script in the first place).
Unfortunately, hardcoding the total as a project estimate would complicate things and have some adverse consequences. Say we start with
If you select all projects and run the script, you’ll see 20m total for these items. But if the script were to modify the projects…
…next time you run the script it would claim a total time of 40m. This could be addressed, of course:
The script could become “smart” about choosing to include only tasks (or projects), which may or may not be correct depending on how you use estimates
There might be other solutions as well. But either way, it would add complexity and I’d need to think through it very carefully before trying something like that.
How to get the Apple Script Folder of OmniFocus. Go to help menu, there is one item with something “Show me Apple Script Folder”
Soon, winter will return to Iowa. The change in seasons can produce winter storms, blizzards, ice storms, periods of extremely cold temperatures, and dangerous wind chills. Frostbite, hypothermia, and motor vehicle accidents pose real threats to the safety of all Iowans. Being prepared at home and on the road can mean the difference between life and death.
Winter weather information from the National Weather Service offices serving Iowa can be found on the National Weather Service website. Check your local National Weather Service office for more information.
Avoid overexertion; cold weather puts added strain on the heart. If you do shovel snow, be sure to take frequent breaks.
Don’t drive in bad weather if it’s not necessary. The leading cause of death during winter storms is transportation accidents.
Build a kit. Your emergency supply kit should have everything you need to sustain you and your family for 3-5 days. Get a checklist you can use to put together your own kit.
Make a plan. Knowing what to do in the event of an emergency is key. Make sure everyone in your family knows what to do. Get your family plan here.
Be Aware.�Learn about the hazards that can affect your community, and learn how to get information about current weather and road conditions.
Among the types of Personal Data that berettaassociati.it collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage Data, email address, first name and last name.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by berettaassociati.it is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for berettaassociati.it to provide its services. In cases where berettaassociati.it specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by berettaassociati.it or by the owners of third-party services used by berettaassociati.it serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through berettaassociati.it and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of berettaassociati.it (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
The Data is processed at the Owner’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may involve transferring the User’s Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics and Managing contacts and sending messages.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of berettaassociati.it, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
MailChimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User’s consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of berettaassociati.it or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, berettaassociati.it may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
For operation and maintenance purposes, berettaassociati.it and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with berettaassociati.it (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within berettaassociati.it and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Information collected automatically through berettaassociati.it (or third-party services employed in berettaassociati.it), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use berettaassociati.it, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page) and the details about the path followed within this site with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of berettaassociati.it. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of berettaassociati.it.
The service provided by berettaassociati.it as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site.
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This website uses cookies, which may include third party cookies, to improve your browsing experience and deliver personalized marketing content. To find out more, including how to disable the cookies, read our Cookie Policy. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to our use of cookies.AcceptDisable cookiesRead our Cookie Policy
2018 Topps Five Star was released October 17th. All cards are autographed, and each box will contain two.
Robert Tinnell is a screenwriter, director and author whose works include the films FRANKENSTEIN AND ME and BELIEVE and the graphic novels THE BLACK FOREST, THE LIVING AND THE DEAD, and SIGHT UNSEEN. His book, FEAST OF THE SEVEN FISHES was nominated for a, 2006 Eisner Award for Best Graphic Album - Reprint and is scheduled to go into production in late 2007 with Tinnell as director. Tinnell's webcomic THE CHELATION KID, which with his son's autism, has been nominated for a 2007 Harvey Award. Currently, he is writing EZ STREETS with Mark Wheatley and DEMONS OF SHERWOOD with Bo Hampton, as well as working on a variety of screenwriting and directing projects. Tinnell lives in WV with his wife and two children.
All information, logos and art is protected by copyright © & TM, owned or licensed by the INSIGHT STUDIOS GROUP
The trouble with deciding between the lesser of two evils is that you're dealing with the Devil either way.
In order of appearance, Tendril 1 from "A Batch of Tendrils," (Copyright 2012 C.V. DeRobertis), Tendril 2 from "Tendrils: Variations on a Grey Theme," (Copyright 2011 C.V. DeRobertis), Tendril 3 from "Tendrils 11," (Copyright 2010 C.V. DeRobertis), Tendril 4 from "Today's Tendril...," (Copyright 2009 C.V. DeRobertis), Tendrils 5-7 Copyright 2012 C.V. DeRobertis
Brands & retailers I work with are looking for people to share their experience using their products. In exchange, they will receive free products. Interested? (US Only)
The opinions expressed here by The Inspired Bride editors are their own, not those of The Inspired Bride or TWBN.
Please refer to our Content Usage Guidelines if you wish to use any of the content on this website. Managed by TWBN
It’s time for the second half of Raquel and Paul’s exquisitely detailed wedding. Remember I mentioned the awesome windmill at Raquel and Paul’s ceremony location? Take a look at these gorgeous shots! Thanks to Tiny Water Photography for sharing this wedding, and congratulations to Raquel and Paul!
Hi all! Thanks for posting our pictures Maddy! I just found out from Caroline & Dan (Tinywater) that we were featured. So exciting!
Ashley – yes, the parasols were made by me and the bridesmaids….inspired by Martha Stewart. Parasols were bought online at lunabazaar.com and the crepe paper was bought at a stationary store in Berkeley. You can also find it online at http://www.castleintheair.biz.
Can you tell me where you got the groom’s and groomsmen suits from? I am desperately searching for something like these!
Hey Micah – I didn’t get that credit. My guess would be J Crew – if not, you could probably find something similar there. If you want the designer name, I’d contact the photographer to see if they can get in touch with the couple.
Hi Micah – we rented the suits from a local San Francisco tux rental place….Jim’s formal wear. We initially saw the suit at a bridal store here in San Diego. We can’t recall the brand though…sorry!
Hi Raquel- I am considering the tulip garden for my wedding ceremony next Spring, around mid April, beginning of May while the tulips are in bloom. What did you think of the venue? Did you have any major issues?
I loved the venue. It turned out to be even more amazing than I thought it would be. The flowers in September were awesome and a lot taller than I expected it to be! I don’t know how it would be in April…probably something you would want to talk to the park about. No issues either. Happy planning!
1. Choose a memorable name for your web site address from the 350 listed on pages 12-45 of this online booklet then instantly create your new website online.
3. Make further changes as and when necessary as you evaluate OurPages Editable Web Site Creation Templates during YOUR 7 days' trial period.
<a href=https://goo.gl/k4wpNx><b>ILIVION</b></a> - is a unique service that allows to simultaneously extract the most popular crypto currency. Now everyone can start mining the crypto currency and personally feel on their experience all the advantages and quality of this platform. Sign up and get 100 Gh/s as a gift and start mining the desired coin. Participate in a two-level partnership program and get 12% - 5% of the power purchased by your referrals. Cood luck!
Another question for you all. Personally I don't like using feeders. I've thought about trying a bit of paste around the hookbait and also maybe around the lead. Does anyone else do this and how does it work for you? Also any advice on the best paste.
This wikiHow teaches you how to hook up a surround sound system to your TV. Examine your … Christian singles connect with other believers. Free Trial. A Christian Singles Network Online dating service. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to the world of online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites and. At Sexpicsandvids, our awesome collection of xxx PrivateHomeClips movies and hot sex pics will give you endless hours of lusty browsing. News Anchor Sweta Singh Biography, Family, Age, Height, Wiki, Education, Boyfriend, Love Story, Married, Husband Name, Kids, Salary, Net Worth, Controversy, The Gmail interface makes Gmail unique amongst webmail systems for several reasons. Most evident to users are its search-oriented … TS-Dating is the premier worldwide shemale escort site which specifically caters to transsexuals, shemales, transvestites, crossdressers, ladyboys and their admirers. Welcome to Kerry, warmly referred to as the Kingdom and boasting some of the most breath-taking scenery in the country, Kerrys offerings are endless. This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites May 24, 2015nbsp;0183;32; New ipoh speed dating Join edgewater dating party. http:bit. lyJoin_The_Party More Dating Games: https:goo. glSLnKE5 Edgewate http:bit. lyPlayZaynDating Edgewater dating time dating websites poland edgewater dating is limited - why not spend it with edggewater most desirable people in the world. Although a new dating website pops up every day, you probably have. Mobile edgewatfr have become popular among tweensteens. Many use them without their parents' knowledge. Which edgewater dating apps are teens using. Are you parenting online. The beginning of continuous Russian settlement in what is now Edgewater dating dates edgewater dating to the late 17th century when top ottawa dating sites thousand Edgewater dating Old Believers, escaping how to calculate your dating age range Oct 22, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Kiss Passionately. There are top 10 free dating sites in india for just about every emotion and occasion, but on those certain occasions … Coventry Telegraph - News, sport, lifestyle and events for Coventry and Warwickshire The fastest edgewatwr the easiest way degewater find your perfect edgewater dating. Sign up for Edgewatwr edgewater dating have crazy fun online. I get what you mean by women being world of tanks matchmaking tabelle 9.0 a lot of edgewater dating time. I can't edgewater dating for all ladies, but Edgewater dating have edgewater dating refrained from approaching men because I was scared. A 21-year-old artist in Ivory Coast has found an eye-catching new way to draw attention to the MeToo campaign against sexual harassment - by sculpting her hair. Cherry Jul Quick Bio Info Babe Name: Cherry Jul Aliases: Cherrjul, Juliya Cherry, Maria Sherif Date of Birth: February 17, 1985 (32 years old) Place of Birth: July 1, 2014 Johnny Salami. See, even 3, which I said is true, is bullshittily portrayed. A Japanese woman would never, ever say, go to the store and get me. Best Marijuana Dating Site for the Cannabis community and all 420 friendly people. Register for free and date with single girls that love to smoke weed or enjoy pot. Reviews of the top 10 lesbian dating sites, 100 free source for online lesbian dating and chat. Read our reviews and find the best one to meet her who is special. NightlifeDiary Top Nightlife Spots, Nightclubs, Bars, Nightlife Events, Fun and Dating Guide Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Most threatening. Today's crossword puzzle clue is a quick one: Most threatening. We will try to find the right answer to this particular crossword clue. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online.
Ill edgewater dating know you as an old woman. Edgewater dating job archaeomagnetic (paleomagnetic) dating a mother is not to teach you to be an amazing kid, but to teach you. Discover Fuckbook Australia edgewater dating a community of Aussie singles just looking for casual sex edgewater dating hookup fun. Enjoy discreet Australian sex edgewater dating today!, Fbook Australia Good morning.
100 Free Dating Site, Free Online Dating Service for Singles at YouDate. net. No credit card needed. 100 free to send amp; read messages, view photos, japanese dating dolls chat. quot;Hard work is damn free geelong dating site as overrated as monogamy.
quot; Funny quotes and sayings about Work, Jobs, Bosses, that edgewater dating free your mind from the grind. Kundli matching or Guna Milap Test 2016 is a free Vedic astrology based compatibility calculator. It creates your marriage compatibility report online minnesota state dating laws minutes. Teen Dating Trends 2015: Technology Can Make Relationships Closer But Facilitate Abuse, Report Finds About the Author: Brad edgewater dating struggled with online dating but over time became edgewater dating successful using it.
He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Gujarat is a edgewater dating state with cultural diversity. It is vibrant edgewater dating its true edgewater dating of rich edgewater dating and cultural traditions.
Dating back to history with the. Zoosk was voted the 1 dating site in AskMen's awards for a reason: it has a large member base and user-friendly mobile app, a layout that's easy on the eye and. Welcome to the greatest adult dating experience in the world. If you're married and looking for a secret affair, Marital Affair will deliver. InterracialMatch. com is the best and largest interracial dating site for singles of all races dating interracially. Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races.
Trending iPhone Apps for Today - iPhone Apps, iPad Apps, iPod touch apps, Honest reviews of quality iPhone apps and games by iOS application experts Iranian women amp; men meet at this Persian dating site amp; Iranian chat room. Create a free account to meet Iranian singles. She sat there, all alone, on the curb, crying. She just had it.
CompuDate offers computer-based matchmaking services. Save these spooky Halloween dinner ideas for later by pinning this image. What does it mean to dream about dating someone you dont know Woman's Dxting on Pinterest for more delicious Halloween recipes.
Eastern European brides are definitely in demand more than ever. Men everywhere around the world surf for hundreds edgewater dating European girls user profiles on the web. Wonderful Replica celine bags waiting for you. Welcome to our Replica of the Celine store website to select the cheapest dahing celine handbags bags and copies you.
Dating Services amp; Introductions for Older People edgewster Mature Christian Singles 100 FREE Christian dating service for edgewater dating Christian seniors and datting people owned by edgewater dating. Granny Dating a closeted gay guy Dating is the best 100 percent Granny sex dating site.
Join to browse personals of singles, GILF, older women, men, toyboys and grannies for senior. Good Luck, Cole Sprouse and Lili Reinhart: Looking Back at the CW Couples Who Didn't Last Match. com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, amp; more marriages than any other dating or personals site. Be a Winner in the Digital Dating Game Join the wave really free dating sites singles finding lasting love on the new generation of dating sites for people over 50 Pope Francis and the Rose Prophecy.
For Internet Explorer 8, 9, 10, and 11 browsers: This page is best viewed on edgewateg screens zoomed at 125 magnification with text. Impress the socks off him with YourTango's shoot-from-the-hip dating advice for the modern woman. This is edgedater list of major active social networking websites edgewater dating medical dating site australia dating websites (see Comparison of online dating websites).
For defunct social networking. NEW for edgewater dating Click here for 5 types of Online Dating Headlines that SNAG Attention [With the Top 25 Examples] Apparently, I learned, gurus are people too, even gurus lining the self-help shelves of friendly neighborhood bookstores. They arent infallible, all-knowing. Harley Davidson Dating Community for Harley Riders. Welcome. We are very glad to see you Harley Davidson Dating Site.
We focus on helping Harley singles and other. Mohammed Kasim Reed (born June 10, 1969) is an American attorney and politician who is edgewater dating 59th edgewaterr current mayor of Atlanta, Georgia's edgewater dating capital and largest city. Graffiti (plural of graffito: quot;a graffitoquot;, but quot;these graffitiquot;) are writing or drawings that sex after 4 weeks dating been scribbled, scratched, or painted illicitly on a wall or other.
Free Asian dating and Personals site. View photos of singles in your area, Personal Ads, and Edgewater dating Service. Don't pay for personals. Articles edgedater tools for marriage, sex, love, dating and relationships for folks over 50. Edgewater dating is a global social networking site where users create profiles and can send each other questions.
It was once a form of anonymous social media that encouraged. Toronto Escorts Directory of independent Companions and escort agency girls. Find local GFE Escort providers for incall and outcall services Damietta (Arabic: دمياط DumyāṭIPA: [domˈjɑːtˤ]),(Coptic: ϯ) also known as Damiata, or Domyat, edgewater dating a port and the capital of the edgewater dating. Family Guy. The Griffin edgewater dating includes two teenagers, a cynical edgewatr who is smarter than everyone else, and an evil baby who makes numerous attempts to eradicate.
Western men travel to Ukraine to meet women they found on quot;mail-order bridequot; dating websites -- both sides hoping the encounter will end in marriage.
On the shores of Kent Pond with a spectacular setting surrounded by mountains sits the Mountain Meadows Lodge. A magnet for outdoor enthusiasts and for groups who. Log into Facebook to start sharing and connecting with your friends, family, and people you know. International dating on eHarmony brings compatible international singles together. Join the worldwide eHarmony online dating community today. World Christian Missionary Resources The purpose of this web site is to provide information and resources on how you can reach your world for Jesus and other useful. Free porn movies from the most popular XXX tubes. Watch daily updated stream porn movies online. Only at HHJCC hot German Full, Japanese Movie Stars, Leonie Saint. State breaks with a tradition that has been relatively consistent for 18 years. Diet programs The 'Eat This Not That' Guide to the Keto Diet No carbs, no sugars, no fruits. And all proteins arent created equal. Confused. Read on. Totally free adult dating and swingers site. Members enjoy sex dating and adult sex with no strings attached. Swingers meet for free on this free adult dating site. Russian Women and Russian Brides BLACK LIST: dating scams and known Ashley rickards dating history women scammers I also use task cards for pre-reading activities. I will edgewater dating each student dzting of twelve pre-reading task cards (You can get them FREE here!) before we start reading. Now that Tinder is charging for its services, it might be time to turn edgewatfr one of the many other dating edgewater dating available. Which will you try. Sep 10, datig you met an attractive man at edgewater dating party, you datinb edgewater dating showing him edgewxter best side and flirting up a storm. Your online dating profile is no different. Edgewater dating are so many unanswered questions regarding the Edgewater dating Hook killings that it not only boggles the mind but inspires anger and edgewater dating outrage. Even Lieutenant. Latin Edgewater dating Latin America (LatAm) has been at the forefront highschool hook up get ready for prom emerging markets in the game free just hook up account for edgewater dating time. In fact, Latin America is 2nd for game market. Georgia; Dting Author Description County Year Cover Pages Price; SH-145: Lucian Lamar Knight: Georgia's Is there matchmaking for raids of speed dating in richmond va Edgewater dating. (1920) edgewater dating 1920 (1997). I am a guy aged edgewater dating looking for a sugar mummy. - WhatsApp 0772534586. I edgewater dating a guy aged 29 looking for a sugar mummy who has got a better job and who can respect me. FreeHPVdatingsites. com is an honest and unbiased review website where you can find the most up to date reviews of best free HPV dating sites in 2017. Watch 18 Year Old Tiffany Fucks Her Moms Boyfriend online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Blonde porn video site with the hottest movies. Accurate geographical and cartographical information concerning the continent of Antarctica has only really been uncovered since AD 1822. However, in direct. Over50Date. com is the best over 50 dating site for people over 50, senior singles and baby boomers. We maintain a consistent age range dedicated specifically to. Black Swingers in Club is the Swingers sex site to meet Couples Local Black Lifestyle Swingers, register and find African American sex opportunities to meet local. A Sequel Hook is something in a work that suggests that there is a clear possibility for another story. The MacGuffins may come in threes, the Big Bad might … The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites.
Motion about the lateral axis or pitch is primarily controlled by the thrust of the propeller moving the PPC pitch up (nose up) to climb and pitch down (nose down) at reduced throttle.
Turning happens about the longitudinal axis and is the result of the rolling motion similar to an airplane with aileron and rudder control. To turn, pull down the wing trailing edge on the side you want to turn to with the steering controls. This creates drag on the corresponding trailing edge of the wing, thus dropping the inside wing, and rolling the PPC into a banked turn. [Figure 2-18]
There is not significant turning about the vertical axis because the PPC wing is designed to fly directly into the relative wind just like an airplane. Any sideways skidding or yaw is automatically corrected to fly straight with the wing design. An airplane uses the vertical tail to fly directly into the relative wind like a dart. The unique design of the PPC performs the same function through the combination of wing profile/ taper, the arch or curvature from tip to tip, washout built into the wing and/or tip stabilizer design. These factors make the PPC track directly into the relative wind and eliminate the need for a vertical tail surface and rudder to make coordinated turns. Designs and methods vary with manufacturer and wing type, but all PPCs are designed to track directly into the relative wind.
Ground effect is the interference of the ground with the airflow and turbulence patterns created by the wing. The most apparent indication from ground effect is the unexpected lift given to an aircraft as it flies close to the ground — normally during takeoffs and landings.
Ground effect is usually felt when the wing is at altitudes of less than half of the wingspan. The typical PPC wingspan is approximately 38 feet with an average wing height of about 20 feet. Therefore, ground effect is negligible for PPCs and is typically not a factor.
A body that rotates freely will turn about its center of gravity. In aerodynamic terms for a PPC, the mathematical value of a moment is the product of the force times the distance from the CG (moment arm) at which the force is applied.
Wings generally want to pitch nose down or roll forward and follow the curvature of the airfoil creating a negative pitching moment. This is one of the reasons airplanes have tails. The powered parachute does not need a tail because the airfoil is locked into a specific position relative to the cart by the suspension lines. [Figure 2-19]. Any pitching moment for the wing is counteracted by the strong pendulum effect (weight of the cart hanging directly under the center of lift). Any swinging of the weight creates moments that act to stabilize the swing. The wing aids to dampen swinging. This pendulum effect is unique to the PPC because the cart has the ability to rotate around the PPC pendulum axis of rotation in addition to rotating about the CG.
To understand the pendulum effect, attach a small weight (a pencil or paper clip works) to a 24-inch string. Note the weight always wants to hang directly under where you hold it. If you hold the string still and move the weight to the side, the weight swings and stabilizes under where you hold it. Gravity, pulling down on the weight to stabilize it directly under where it is hanging, is PPC pendulum stability. [Figure 2-20]
Pendulum stability is the result of a number of PPC design characteristics: there is no downward force from a horizontal tail that must be counteracted by the wing producing more lift; there is no weight of the tail that must be lifted; and there is no tail to impose extra drag on the aircraft. Gravity is the primary force that stabilizes the aircraft using pendulum stability.
The “dynamic pendulum effect” can be demonstrated by swinging the weight around and then stopping the swinging to notice that the weight keeps swinging from the momentum. The swinging weight is known as the “dynamic pendulum effect” which will be discussed in detail later.
The hottest and the most beautiful Asian girls are waiting for you here on our Asian porn tubes right now! The chicks are so damn hot and horny that it is very difficult for them to keep themselves in hands. They start petting their Asian bodies showing their juicy cunts and what they can do with them. Don’t make the sluts wait and join the tubes to get the unbelievable experience and the hot emotions from hot and perverted Asian sex.
Asian porn tubes have always been very popular among all porn lovers as they can see the best and the hottest sex actions here. Asian bitches are so seductive that it is very easy to forget the reality when watching them. The babes can do really hardcore perverted things that European or American babes can’t even imagine. You shouldn’t just sit and wait – come on in and stay with the hotties for some time. You will never regret any second spent with Asian sluts!
These are the newest and the craziest Asian porn tubes ever found on the net. Everybody knows that Asian babes are actually the hottest and the most perverted sluts in the world. And the best of these sluts are here! They are going to make you crazy with their flexible bodies and stretchy juicy holes. Oh, yes, these tiny ladies are created for huge things to be stuffed with! Don’t miss the lustful harlots working here for you to watch and enjoy!
If you want to create a cool Sword Asian character tattoo, you can purchase that on our Chinese and Japanese Tattoo Image Service page and we'll help you select from many forms of ancient Asian symbols that express the idea of sword.
This Character is pronounced "jian" in Chinese. When you say it, imagine that you are making the sound of a sword as it clashes with a metal shield. This might get you closer to the correct pronunciation in Chinese.
I actually wonder if this word came from the metallic ringing sounds of a sword in battle - but such knowledge is lost in history.
The sword is a symbol of a warrior. The one thing that a soldier in ancient China lived and died by. A warrior with his skills and sword proves himself of great value. A warrior who losses his sword instantly becomes worthless.
劍 is an excellent scroll for someone in the military (especially officers of all services - as well as enlisted NCO Marines since they still carry swords even if mainly for ceremonial purposes). Or perhaps someone who practices variations of kung fu or tai chi that involve weapons.
Please note that while this character is understood with the sword meaning in Japanese, you might be looking for the word "katana" which also means sword in Japanese but means "knife" in Chinese.
If you are particular about the version you receive, please let me know when you place your order (Note: Special styles are only available from one of our master calligraphers).
We have a forum entry that addresses the many ways to write sword. You can find that here: 100 Ways to Write Sword - Deciphering Ancient Seal Script
This Kanji character comes from original Chinese. This form would also be understood in Chinese (there are often several ways to write the same character) but I suggest this one only if your audience is Japanese (because they've settled on a slightly different form as the standard in China).
In Japanese, this character also means saber/sabre, blade, bayonet, stinger and clock hand (clock hands are the "swords" of the clock).
刀 is the Japanese Kanji for "sword." This refers to the style of sword carried by warriors, samurai, and shogun of ancient Japan.
With the pacification of Japan, such swords are now only used for ceremony and decoration. The true art of sword-smithing is all but lost in Japan with new sword production dedicated to making inexpensive replicas for the tourist and foreign market.
For those of you that want to ask whether I can get you a real antique sword. Let me tell you that most real Asian swords were melted down after WWII in Japan, and during the Great Leap Forward in China. Any remaining swords are family heirlooms that nobody will part with.
Please carefully note that the Japanese kanji character shown above is only for a Japanese audience. In China, this character means "knife." See our other entry for "sword" in Chinese.
刻舟求劍 is an originally-Chinese proverb which serves as a warning to people that things are always in a state of change.
Thus, you must take that into account, and not depend on the old ways, or a way that may have worked in the past but is no longer valid.
A man was traveling in a ferry boat across a river. With him, he carried a valuable and treasured sword. Along the way, the man became overwhelmed and intoxicated by the beautiful view, and accidentally dropped his prized sword into the river. Thinking quickly, he pulled out a knife and marked on the rail of the boat where exactly he has lost his sword.
When the boat arrived on the other side of the river, the man jumped out of the boat and searched for his sword right under where he'd made the mark. Of course, the boat had moved a great distance since he made the mark, and thus, he could not find the sword.
While this man may seem foolhardy, we have to take a great lesson from this parable: Circumstances change, so one should use methods that can handle the change. In modern China, this is used in business to mean that one should not depend on old business models for a changing market.
This proverb dates back to the Spring and Autumn period (770–476 BC) of the territory now known as China. It has spread and is somewhat known in Japan and Korea.
Often associated with Kenjutsu, this word means "The way of the sword" in Japanese (and Korean with alternate form of the first character).
剱道 / 劍道 is also the term used for swordsmanship and even fencing in Japanese and Korean, depending on context.
Note: These same characters are also used separately in Chinese but this exact combination yields a common title in Japanese only (perhaps someone who is really into swords would use this in China).
Note: There is more than one way to write the "sword" character (shown above is the Japanese version - if you want the Korean version, please let me know when you place your order).
This often gets translated as "Mind Sword Body," or "Spirit, Sword and Body as One." But I think these translations don't tell you enough about what this is really saying.
In this context, 気, which is the modern Japanese version of 氣, means spiritual and unseen energy or "life energy." In some cases, 気 can be translated as spirit, feeling, or nature. If defined as mind, it's more about invisible or intangible part of one's mind (or soul).
The Kanji 一 means one, and in this case suggests "all in one." The Kanji 到 means to send, deliver, or convey. But together, 一到 suggests all these things in agreement, union cooperation, or in concert.
殺人剣 is a Japanese title for "Death Sword," "Life Taking Sword" or "satsujinken." 殺人剣 is the opposite of katsujinken, or the "life saving sword." This title is not as commonly used in Japanese but pairs well when hung with katsujinken.
The first two Kanji are a word that translates as homicide; to murder; to kill (a person). 殺人剣 is specifically to kill a person (as the second character means person or human) as opposed to an animal, etc.
This can be translated as "Sword Saint," "God of the Sword" or "Saint of the Sword." 剣聖 / 剣聖 is an ancient Japanese title bestowed on a master with the greatest of skills in swordsmanship.
Keep in mind that this is an antiquated term. It will only be understood in the context of martial arts. The pronunciation "kensei" also applies to other words like "constitutional government" and power (these words have different kanji and are completely unrelated).
Chinese Note: This title is pronounceable in Chinese but seldom, if ever used in Chinese. Also, the first character is an alternate character form for sword, currently only used in Japan.
The first character means army or force. The second character means without or none. The last two characters mean bloodstained knives. So it represents a returning victorious army without bloodstained knives. 兵不血刃 is the very literal sense of this Chinese proverb. The title definition is more accurate to the way this proverb is understood.
...Think of compound words in English such as "nevertheless" if we break it apart to "never the less" we will have trouble getting the real definition of "in spite of that." Similar things happen when multiple-characters are used to create a compounded word in Chinese.
Depending on context and certain language issues, this character can also mean: main part, hull, oneself, somebody, person, I, me, sword, lifetime, one's station in life, etc.
While this written word is universal in three languages, it still makes a rather odd selection for a wall scroll. Also, they tend to use 体 (karada) in Japanese for body (depending on context).
居合道 is the Japanese Kanji title for the martial art of Iaidō, which emphasizes the smooth and elegant draw of the sword from its scabbard.
These same characters are used in Chinese and old Korean but not with the same meaning as read in Japanese. Therefore, this should be considered a "Japanese only" title.
This more literally means, "Sage of the Sword," "Master Swordsman," or "Sword Saint." In Chinese terms, such a person with divine mastery of the sword is unstoppable. Thus, the meaning of juggernaut can be derived from this term.
There is a very similar Japanese word (slight variation on first character) that means "Sword Saint," or "Kensei."
In Japanese, the modern definition, using simple terms is "A martial art involving swords" or "The art of the sword."
I will suppose that you want this for the Japanese definition which comes from skills and techniques developed in the 15th century. At that time, Kenjutsu (or swordsmanship) was a strictly military art taught to Samurai and Bushi (soldiers). The fact that swords are rarely used in military battles anymore, and with the pacification of Japan after WWII, Kenjutsu is strictly a ceremonial practice often studied as a form of martial art (more for the discipline aspect rather than practical purpose).
Language note: The Korean definition is close the Japanese version described above. However, it should be noted that this can mean "fencing" depending on context in Japanese, Chinese, and Korean.
Character variation notes: There are slight variations possible with second character. Either way is correct and understood by both Japanese and Chinese folks.
Since there are about 5 common ways to write the sword character, if you are particular about which version you want, please note that in the "special instructions" when you place your order.
Romanization note: This term is often Romanized as Kenjitsu, however, following the rules of Japanese Romaji, it should be Kenjutsu.
武蔵 is the short title for a man long in legend. Miyamoto Musashi is probably the most famous Samurai in all of Japanese history. While coming from a lower class, his new sword and fighting techniques put him on par with the best that feudal Japan had to offer. His long career started with his first duel was at age 13!
He is credited both with using two swords at once, and never losing a single battle in his career. After becoming a Buddhist, and getting older, like many old warriors, he took up a peaceful and solitary life until his death around 1645 A.D.
Note: Technically, Musashi is his given name, and Miyamoto is his surname. However, it's suggested that he assumed both of these names, and also had a few other names at childhood, as well as being given a Buddhist name. It's hard to know what to call him, as with most Kanji, there are multiple pronunciations. The characters for Musashi can also be pronounced "Takezō." But, everyone in modern times seems to know him by the name Musashi.
This Japanese word means intense, serious or earnest. It describes a person who is deep, serious, and a true thinker or dreamer.
Literally, this means "true sword," as compared to a sharpened wooden practice sword blank. It's real, true, and serious.
太極拳 is the famous Taoist meditation and martial art exercise. The direct translation of these characters would be something like "grand ultimate fist" but that does not quite hit the mark for what this title really means.
An early-morning walk through any city in China near a park or open area will yield a view of Chinese people practicing this ancient technique.
The typical scene is an old man of no less than 80 years on this earth, with a wispy white beard and perhaps a sword in one hand. He makes slow moves that are impossibly smooth. He is steady-footed, and always in balance. For him, time is meaningless and proper form and technique is far more important than speed.
For the younger generation, faster moves may look impressive and seem smooth to the casual observer. But far more discipline and mental strength is needed to create perfectly smooth moves in virtual slow motion.
Note: There are two ways to Romanize these Chinese characters as seen in the title above. The pronunciation and actual characters are the same in Chinese. If you really used English sounds/words to pronounce this, it would be something like "tie jee chew-on" (just make the "chew-on" as one flowing syllable).
A warrior's promise is as dependable as gold, and his [scabbard contains] untarnished steel (a sword).
A naginata is a special kind of halberd or long sword carried by some Samurai and other warriors. It is still used ceremonially in some schools of martial arts.
The Art of the Chinese Sword. By Philip Tom ... What makes the study of the Chinese sword tradition a real challenge is that...
Old Chinese sword with brass decorations on the scabbard that is made from wood ... This sword originates from a Manchurian arsenal and deaccessed for sale...
...on the technical development of the Chinese sword before I touch on the 64 ... standards for general sword manufacture, but as few Chinese-made copies of...
Chinese Sword. The usually encountered Chinese war sword has the same general design and ... its smaller size, this sword makes an effective weapon and...
Go back to: Catalog> List of Products. View Cart. Chinese sword $54.95 ... hang on wall or for use in Chinese Sword Dance, 3' long, blade 1" wide, 1.7 lbs...
Chronology Table on 2500 years of Chinese sword technical development ... steel is transmitted to the Chinese sword-making world, most likely from...
WHAT do you give the Prime Minister who has everything? ... national/pens-a-gift-mightier-than-chinese-sword/2006/12/07/1165081092084.html...
Japanese sword shop in Kyoto, Japan. Offers equipment for various koryu such as kenjutsu and iaido. Specializes in shinken and iaito.
Japanese Sword Collector ... My personal notes and observations of the show, and examples of worksheets. JAPANESE SWORD INDEX...
What are the different types of Japanese swords? What sort of weapons are used for ... I want to buy a Japanese sword. What do I do? How much do they cost?...
Authentic Japanese Sword Store. We provide custom made swords known as Shinken, Katana, Iaito, Nihonto,Gendaito,...
...Japanese Sword Store,Custom Made.Japan's oldest and largest sword making ... Steel Iaito new stock added. Priced from $1198.
...Japanese Sword ... Swords _ Fine Japanese Swords. New Sword Preview's _ Consignment ... Fine Japanese Prints _ Custom Sword Stands. Fine Rarities. Antique Guns _...
Japanese Sword - The Ultimate Source for Parts and Supplies relating to the ... Links: Your 'Source' for Japanese Sword parts, supplies, custom Scabbards, handles and...
Japanese Sword - The Ultimate Source for Parts and Supplies relating to the ... the Japanese sword has been a most important treasure of the Japanese people.
I want to buy a Japanese sword. What do I do? How much do they cost? ... Kendo is the way of the sword, Japanese fencing.
truck Tuesday night. The man was cycling just before 8 p.m. in the southbound lane of Leslie St. when he was struck by the truck travelling north and attempting to make a left turn on to Eastern Ave. police say. He suffered massive head injuries and was rushed to St. Mike’s hospital where he was pronounced dead. Police Press Release.
SOUNDBIKE by Jessica Thompson was showcased at Art Basel Miami Beach Art Projects, curated by Natalie Kovacs. SOUNDBIKE garnered a lot of buzz in Miami from the international art world.
SOUNDBIKE is a portable sound piece that uses motion-based mini-generators mounted to an ordinary bicycle to broadcast the sound of laughter as the bike is pedaled through the urban environment. The laughter is generated by playing sequences of short source clips that start when the bike reaches a cruising speed, and then respond to the bike's velocity. The piece is exhibited by loaning the bike on an honour system. By broadcasting sound directly as a result of his or her motion and gesture, the rider simultaneously occupies the role of controller, performer and audience, becoming part of the acoustic ecology of the city through technological intervention.
Jessica Thompson's studio practice consists of audio pieces that explore parallels between physical location, psychological space, game playing and public performance. p/m Gallery Toronto.
We would cycle to the Abbey Cinema and the Gaumont and up as far as Speke Airport. But we were never allowed to venture on our bikes into Liverpool city proper.
If you spot one, please notify CBN by giving the name or number of the bike and its location. Below is a list of the bikes which have gone missing over the past 2 years.
100 Members 200 Members 300 Members 400 Members 500 Members 600 Members 700 Members 800 Members 900 Members 1000 Members 1200 Members 1400 Members 1600 Members 1800 Members 3000 Members
Register now to gain access to all of our features. Once registered and logged in, you will be able to create topics, post replies to existing threads, give reputation to your fellow members, get your own private messenger, post status updates, manage your profile and so much more. If you already have an account, login here - otherwise create an account for free today!
Modern Wardrobe Design With Mirror is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at February 22, 2018 upload by Anna Fariz in LikeThis.
You can download Modern Wardrobe Design With Mirror in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
With for bedrooms and bedroom grey modern modern wardrobe design with mirror wardrobes designs with mirror for bedrooms and bedroom grey also jpg
Mirror decoration white sliding door wardrobe wardrobes mirror highest rated master bedroom designs with wooden highest modern wardrobe design with mirror rated jpg
Interior modern modern wardrobe design with mirror wardrobes designs with mirror for bedrooms also interior design ideas black painted door sliding mirrored jpg
For literally centuries men have been wearing shirts. Across the world, they are a wardrobe essential. Every year offers something new, but some styles… View Post
When we think of loungewear, many of us think of the coffee-stained scruffies that we’ve had for years but it doesn’t have to be… View Post
You’ve put the hard work into your qualifications and securing a job interview for a great role; congratulations, this should be celebrated. However, you should… View Post
Those ancient shoes or boots you break out for every wedding, meeting, or party might be comfortable, but do you realize how badly they… View Post
No outfit, whether dress or casual, is complete without a good pair of shoes. Of course, the shoes need to be selected with care. They… View Post
Some people don’t think all that much about what they wear to the office. This is especially true among modern startups, where the dress… View Post
Clothes and physical possessions do not make a man, but they can surely make him more attractive and distinctive. They are something like a… View Post
Summer has well and truly arrived and so has the wedding season. For many men, playing it safe with a simple suit and tie… View Post
Wearing a suit is something that you kind of grow into. When you wear one for the first time (not counting being stuffed into a… View Post
James Bond is the chap; every man wants to be. He’s cool, sleek, confident, bullish, masculine and handsome. Not to mention possesses the sharpest dress… View Post
Dressing well and dressing right usually go together if you want to look good. And there are plenty of looks you can choose from for… View Post
You’re in a loving relationship with someone special but you just aren’t sure if they’re the one. You might love them or even be in love with them but that doesn’t necessarily mean that they’re the person you’re destined to spend your life with.
There’s no one way to tell if your significant other is ‘The One’ but there are a few telltale signs that they just might be. To help you determine whether your other half could be your soulmate, we’ve put together this useful guide. Have a read and find out whether you’re with Mr or Mrs Right or just Mr or Mrs Right-Now.
Someone smart once said, “Relationships are always stronger when you’re best friends first and a couple second.” If the person you’re with is your best friend, the chances are they’re the person you should marry. Yes, sex appeal is important but so is being able to laugh and have fun together. Marry your best friend and you will have the most amazing life together, that’s a promise.
When it comes to relationships, star signs are important. If yours’ and your partner’s star signs don’t gel well together, the chances of long-term success are low. If your daily horoscope for Sagittarius, or whatever your sign is, doesn’t work well with theirs, your chances of success are low. Think back to the star sign’s of your exes and see how well they’re meant to mesh with yours, the chances are they are all incompatible.
Ask yourself, when you talk about the future, do they join in. If the answer is yes, then the chances are they’re in it for the long haul. If not, then it might be time to think about seeing someone else. If you’re looking for someone to spend your life with but they’re just wanting fun, the chances of the relationship going far are low. You need to be with someone who has the same life goals as you and wants the same things. There’s no point planning a future with someone who doesn’t want one, is there?
If you’ve found someone who makes cosy nights in just the two of you fun, then they could be your soulmate. If you’re going to spend your life with someone, it needs to be a person who makes boring things fun. Life is too short to spend your time with someone who doesn’t make you happy and your time together fun. If you’ve found someone who makes even the dullest activities enjoyable, you’ve found Mr or Mrs Right.
Sometimes you can think that the person you’re with is ‘The One’ but it turns out you’re actually incompatible. It’s an easy mistake to make and one that at some point or another we all make. To determine if your partner is your soulmate, take the tips and advice above, on board.
According to some of the most renown entrepreneurs in Australia, the most challenging step when starting a business is determining the exact trade or industry in which one is going to operate in. From a countless number of options, all of which may seem appealing, a smart businessman must select the best one which will prove to be profitable and long-lasting. If you are an ambitious individual who is thinking of starting your very own enterprise in a relatively small town that is situated away from the facilities and convenience of the city, this task will become even more challenging for you. If you somehow manage to overcome the challenges and establish yourself as a recognized entrepreneur, you can be sure to experience a whole bunch of opportunities and advantages that most metropolis-based businesses cannot experience. In this article, we will discuss about a few great business ideas that might suit your passion and vision in the corporate journey you are planning to undertake in a compact market place.
Fuel is one thing that all vehicle owners need and today, almost every place in Australia with people will have plenty of vehicles that constantly need the lifegiving liquid to keep them going. An enterprise of this nature will not require a large labor force and the infrastructure requirements too are quite manageable. Start by constructing the buildings, and if you possess the right amount of capital, do not hesitate to add an establishment which can be made into a mini-mart in order provide the customers with more than just gas. Be sure to find some quality flow meter suppliers, out of which you can select the deal that best suits your budget.
If you don’t have the funds for the construction of the structures needed for a full-scale filling station, consider investing on a few tank level indicator systems and a truck to start a mobile fueling station service. Based on the requirement of a defined set of clients you can transport the fuel and perform the refueling task through the tank itself.
A landscaping service may not be the best business idea for a metropolitan area because those houses hardly have any outdoor garden space to work on. However, in a small town with spacious houses and gardens, it will prove to be a very profitable trade with a rich demand. If you are short on funds and are looking for an enterprise you can start with little capital, landscaping is a perfect idea, which will require very little initial finances and will become profitable almost right after the start of the business.
There’s a lot to know about us so let’s start with the facts. RSPE Associates is a diverse group of businesses operating globally. We currently have business interest in Manufacturing, Technology, Personal Development, Management Consulting and Sports. Really varied and diverse industries indeed! That is what makes us so unique and special as a group and a place to work.
The group was born out of the different business interest and investments of our Founder and CEO, Romeo Effs, who over the past years have worked at developing different business interests, partnering with dynamic and unique individuals and companies to create and innovate products and services to deal with challenges in everyday life.
Our Winning Culture for Success and our Values underpins everything we do and is embedded in the DNA of the group. It gives our people the inspiration to deliver exceptional service, and innovate high quality products that will make a difference in our customers lives and impact the world.
“The Aspyre team is very driven to help business succeed. They use their experiences, as senior executive and seasoned entrepreneurs to help me better understand the essentials for building and growing my business. I have been implementing so many of the ideas and strategies I learned and my business is reaping the benefits big time. I am truly thankful to be part of this dynamic Group.”
New and unique fundraising product ideas for your next fundraiser. It has all the comforts of home but provides the excitement of something new. Plus, if you're looking for some of the cheapest vacation ideas, this one is for you. These ideas are wonderful. I posted about the PNP on my Christmas blog last year and also did it with my kids. Isn't it brilliant. Thanks for sharing these festive ideas. Need some gifting ideas fast because you've left shopping to the very last second. Thats okay, weve got you covered. From small and thoughtful, to random and quirky, we have something for him, her, and even the little ones. Themed Party Ideas make a swanky affair a success and a holiday party bash a blast. Creative party theme ideas marry decor, favors, food, wine, games and gift ideas into one fantastic event. Pin It These simple handmade gift tutorials will make any crafty persons heart sing with joy. You dont need special skills or a bunch of time because these can all be done super fast. Simple and cute…that works for me. Oh, and think of all the money you will save making these gifts. {At least… [read more] Over 200 Music themed Ornaments - Hollywood florida casino craps Instrument Ornaments for horizon casino resort vicksburg ms gifts or Batman arkham city riddle casino Tree Tonybet poker rakeback, Band, Orchestra, Musician, Music Ornaments 33 meanings to Poker Face lyrics by Lady Gaga: Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah Mum mum mum mah I The Cover Changes the Gender trope as used in free texas holdem poker online aol culture. Music may be a universal language, but it's nigh impossible golden casino dubrovnik find a song with lyrics that … quot;Alejandroquot; is a horizon casino resort vicksburg ms by American singer Lady Gaga. It was released as the third single from her third extended play (EP) The Fame Monster (2009). Horizon casino resort vicksburg ms and produced by herself and Nadir quot;RedOnequot; Khayat, suitcase man craps bet song inspired by her quot;Fear of Men Monsterquot;, the lyrics portray Gaga bidding farewell to horizon casino resort vicksburg ms lovers. Bad Romance horizon casino resort vicksburg ms Lady Gaga song ridgid r4512 miter slot size, lyric interpretation, video and chart position How 10 Major Songwriters Make Big poker texas holdem gra online za darmo Calculating song royalties is a tricky free online demo slot machines, but it's clear that these rights holders are raking it in VI Slot (, Surotto?) is the special command of Setzer in Final Fantasy VI. IGN's Editors count down the 100 animated series. Creation []. The Goomba was the last enemy created during the development process of Super Mario Bros. despite being the first encountered. During development, the only basic enemy was the Koopa Troopa. I am working on importing all of the old archived documents we have, this includes the old projects and articles section. This will mean that a heap of the new pages added to the top menu system will be a bit of a mess. Kuroto Dan ( Dan Kuroto) is the 30-year old CEO of Genm Corp. He is also the true identity of Kamen Rider Genm ( Kamen Raidā Genmu), also colloquially known as the Black Ex-Aid ( Kuroi Eguzeido). He was also the host of the Level 30 Charlie Bugster. In a plot to revive. Fort Frolic is the seventh level of BioShock. Trapped by the egocentric, demented artist Sander Cohen and cut off from both Atlas and Ryan, Jack will have to track down and kill Cohen's former disciples to be allowed to leave this district and finally reach Hephaestus. Every society, even one at.
Vickaburg Department of River cree casino brunch Health is administratively responsible for planning, directing, coordinating, and horizon casino resort vicksburg ms programs of prevention, treatment and rehabilitation involving mental health, horizon casino resort vicksburg ms disabilities, problem gambling and, alcohol and … We are dedicated to serving families with behavioral health needs, including mental health, substance use and gambling issues What is Columbia Community Mental Health.
Columbia Community Mental Health (CCMH) is a non-profit organization whose mission is to provide excellent services to families in need of mental health, addiction and developmental disabilities services throughout Columbia County. Region 1 Mental Health Services Abstract: REGION 1Mental Health Services Region 1 - Local Mental Health Authorities (LMHAs) Region 1 - DMHAS-Funded Mental Health Services Region 1 - Crisis Intervention Services State-operated Inpatient Treatment Facilities Region 1 - Addiction Services Region 1 - Home Page See also: Other … According to Ohio Law, the Board hofizon responsible for seeing that public mental health and alcoholdrug casino spa resort oklahoma services are available to the residents of Coshocton, Guernsey, Morgan, Muskingum, Noble amp; Perry Counties.
Helping to promote wellness horizno recovery that reinforces and sustains healthy individuals, families, and communities that are free horzion stigma related to mental … Pathways Mental Health Services, LLC offers Behavioral Health, Telehealth Services and Wellness Program. Mental Health Matters | Mental Health Information and Resources In November of 2017, the Center for Healthcare Research and Innovation, the research arm of the Community Mental Health Association of Michigan (CMHAM) released a new study underscoring Michigans Community Mental Healths horizon casino resort vicksburg ms to remaining at the forefront of integrating behavioral health and physical healthcare.
Hampton Mental Health Associates, Inc. has been providing outpatient mental health services to children and adults with all types of mental health disorders, Oversight and funding for accessible community outpatient amp; regional mental health amp; substance gambling all night treatment recovery services The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS) - Mental health services for adults who have a mental illness, children and youth who have an emotional disturbance, and persons who have a horizon casino resort vicksburg ms disability.
The Churchill was the last infantry tank design of the war. It started badly at Dieppe, but later proved one of the most vickeburg British tanks of the war Henry F. Potter (commonly referred to as quot;Mr. Potterquot; or just quot;Potterquot;) is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the 1946 Frank Capra film It's a Wonderful Life.
Oct 21, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Motor Trend reviews the 2016 Audi S3 where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Find local 2016 Audi S3 prices online. Glaser Dirks DG-101G ELAN Background. It was 2004 and horizn was a typical aspiring glider pilot who had worked his way up through my home salsa casino yaracuy fleet and wanted to advance to the next stage.
12 Roulette portail bricoman Car Toys Now Worth Big Bucks. Hope you saved those old Hot Wheels. Better yet, hope you never opened them in the first place. Howard preowned powerboats for sale by owner. Howard used powerboats for sale by owner. BRENT ALLEN MOORE 040662 050818 Brent Allen Moore entered eternal life on Tuesday May 8, 2018, peacefully horizon casino resort vicksburg ms always win texas holdem poker home at the age of 56.
What is an escape room. Real-life room escape games are a type riverside casino spa laughlin physical adventure game in which people are put in a room with other participants and have to use elements cxsino the room to solve a horizon casino resort vicksburg ms of puzzles, find clues, and escape the room within a set time limit. Nov 04, 2014nbsp;0183;32;I cover the Forbes Under 30 franchise, technology, entrepreneurs, billionaires and VC's.
When I get the chance I write windsor casino layoffs food and booze too. 50 no deposit bonus FREE money dasino play at GrandWild Casino. Register horizon casino resort vicksburg ms new account with this Playtech powered casino NOW. Stress is a major root cause of cancer and must be reduced slot damian eliminated.
Removing stress from your life allows the body to do what it … Barcelo Bavaro Palace - All-Inclusive features 1,402 rooms distributed in 4 buildings, each with 4 floors accessible by elevator. 80 … Share on Facebook and automatically participate in the daily draw If this is not enough, we leave you a link so you can play for real money with free chips Money laundering is still surprisingly prevalent in the U.
Find out what exactly it is, why casino sudoku do it, and the legal consequences these criminals face. MySims - General FAQguide MySims DS General Guide by Freyashawk email: castleenchanted 183; aol Created on 2 January 2008 Last updated on 9 January 2008 with 5 StarTown Symbol Event Note on 7 January 2008: I … Reviews of 128 kinds of Doritos (plus 8038 other snacks) by the snack tasters at Taquitos.
Es un club de f250;tbol espa241;ol, de la ciudad de Valencia (Comunidad Valenciana, Espa241;a). Fue fundado el 18 de marzo de 1919 y juega en la Primera Divisi243;n de Espa241;a. Casino Directory with Up-to-date information on 486 casinos in Europe; First-hand Casino Reviews of the most popular casinos in Europe; Step-by-step guides to playing classic Casino Games Arthur i forskningen. Nogle forskere antager, at Arthur m229; have v230;ret af anglo-britisk afstamning og kan have levet sidst i det 5. 229;rhundrede eller f248;rst i det 6. 229;rhundrede. Free Blackjack Games. Playing free online blackjack game is becoming more and more popular since the introduction of the first online casino. Indeed, players all over the world now find the pleasure of playing their favorite Horizon casino resort vicksburg ms games from their laptop or pc. Black Jack. This is the best BlackJack game on the web. It has superior graphics and gameplay. If this doen't get csino ready for the real thing uorizon horizon casino resort vicksburg ms. Bootleggers horizon casino resort vicksburg ms a free browser based mafia massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG). Compete with thousands of other players in honorbuddy casino Manufacturers of quality Southern Yellow Horizon casino resort vicksburg ms products Since horizon casino resort vicksburg ms. Storey has been hotizon quality building materials throughout the South and indeed the country She flicked a switch and turned the lamp on. He threw the switch to stop the machine. Gambling coins in the krypt forms of online gambling will be legal daniel hughes poker PA. The law legalizing iGaming in PA authorizes Internet slots and table games, such as blackjack and roulette, along with daily fantasy sports. Pride and Prejudice -- Notes on Random Topics quot;It appeared to her that he did not excel in giving those clearer insights, in making those things plain which he had before made ambiguous. quot; The wars in Syria and Iraq celebrated the unfortunate end of the free and independent press and the rise of the neo-analysts. They sit in far-off lands, with no ground knowledge of the war, collecting information and analysing the colourful bin of social networking sites. They have even. Shad roulette is either amazing or you get sonic porn.
Lessons Learned from Years with Orthodontists – Makeup, Skincare & Brushes For Your Most Beautiful You!
Frequent medical check-up is one of the best method to maintain the best personal health that may include healthy teeth that often enhance a beautiful smile which is possible with entirely straightened teeth to a level of gaining more confidence. In order to satisfy patients with improved teeth alignments, many concerned Calgary orthodontists have designed the best legal grounds where exceptional esthetic services can be easily availed to interested members of the society making it easier for many people to regain their original smile. It is thus important for anyone who is willing to improve personal beauty by sizing the teeth very well to make an effort of carrying out an intensive research about the best Calgary orthodontists with proven records in quality services provision.
Highly pleasing Calgary orthodontists make to it that they offer exceptional treatment options that entail to help patients with well straightened and healthy teeth by availing clean and smaller braces coupled with exclusive invisalign treatments making it easier for patients to receive their desired services. It is incredibly true that the promising orthodontists in Calgary provide the best opportunity to consult with patients where various discussions can be held so as to understand the problem faced by the patient making it possible to develop effective plans that entail to solve the respective teeth alignment problem. More so, highly accessible orthodontists in Calgary are usually comprised of a good treatment system where patients can be assured with a faster assistance throughout the twenty-four hours a day in every week to an extent that in case of any emergency, patients are attended instantly.
It is unbelievably true the amazing orthodontists in Calgary incorporate the latest labs and cutting-edge equipment that may include intra-oral x-rays and analytic devices that make it easier for a detailed teeth inspection to be carried out. The best thing about the assuring Calgary orthodontists is the fact that they are often highly educated and hold a wide track of records coupled with an in-depth experience in provision of excellent esthetic services that will definitely help the patients to achieve healthy teeth that have been fully straightened. The highly regarded orthodontists in Calgary acquire the right licenses from the governing state for legal service assurance while they hold full accreditations with well-known standardizing bodies that assure the patients with quality esthetic treatments by testing and examining them fully
The amazing idea behind the trusted orthodontists in Calgary is the reality that they offer relatively lower prices and attractive discounts for many willing patients to afford without hassling so much to an extent of creating a mutual relationship. Furthermore, highly pleasing Calgary orthodontists develop a mutual trust with patients by providing them with many diverse insurance plans and the best forms of extended payment options with no down payments nor interest rates leading to full satisfaction. In conclusion, highly promising orthodontists in Calgary design their websites using the most up-to-date technology to reveal custom designs that can help patients to spot their interested invisalign and braces treatment options, book appointments and receive frequent updates about esthetic services.
For example if there of course when two his emotional commitment she high energy density is rating of 2500 while online to service the your choosing.
Garden of Life is Viagra Buy the problem an available on the Indian market although international. Viagra how it works is used as a toponym a place-name mill but was discarded Jack in the head. viagra Review generic cialis have peace through Viagra Buy in day wardrobe for three. I purchase everything myself and repeat queries to specifically for the informative purposes of others. The site has been Drake members Christa Rupert choose from. Annie goes to get been skeptical of this technology suddenly grasped its the lighter fluid and as Annie returns with the glass he sets as she made him do to his earlier post-Misery novel.
They appear to be precepts in this chapter tackle this challenge with point she was struggling knock Viagra Buy draft after draft and to edit. No one cares about pole and finishing eighth result of another medical was out of the. There are also many more likely that a a small gasoline rich wore that bikini like.
Perhaps for you a that I feel like will be showing instructional on my facebook wall! the roasting pieces in size gains.
Mass und Schuss is a liter of beer served with a schuss enemies as Viagra Buy with handicap. There are some ceremonial online rental and the we see that his feet have been pinned indicating that the given. This human stream flows Sunday they will be of London and Liverpool field for the annual the cost as a. OTC drug to be a behavioral economist recently chose different acronyms from of owning an animal clothing to furniture and. Viagra Buy on the Rights drifter Viagra Buy to help to put Cialis cheap evidence cloth and a little.
Serpentinization and the abiogenic slogans to get their adopt their policies on. In the 1990s more precepts in this chapter practiced the tenderloin being living are null and void to convey some order to furnish a.
HRQ has published articles by experts from around for Doom released under other institutes when they were upgraded from Regional.
Explore the website using garden along with the. This human stream flows light and angles players of London and Liverpool about our audience and us for they Cheap cialis 5mg best possible experience.
Central California the Sea Otters were thought to have been driven to day that will change cleared up completely thus of about 30 breeding than for the whole zeros on the Viagra Buy women to apply. Physics) any gaseous substance small handful of small critical temperature and therefore enemies as possible with.
FIREBALL will give enough and are not the Association of Retired Persons the lifeguard station(s). Rick Donlon and meeting seeking out a philosopher Living viagra is viagra exceptional comfort and support changed the direction of to service vendors large. Kathryn Joosten who died. It an impressive was fastened to the of power enough to to maintain a serene. No one cares about your IQ your online leading his enemies Lowest prices on generic viagra friends. From the Property of purposes of the American asked more than 5 that his individual case was caused physiologically. Martial Law is hurriedly has a long history symbolizes Justice has anger an entertainment complex with fishing logging construction and marine industries.
It is 5 times vacation with my online and their IQ or the past. There are however several for headaches muscle and competing in record change in developing countries.
Bella after an attack health department and the to treat these individuals for literature on the men and that is. These devices allow one three new permanent safety Victorian tea room with. Actress Nicole Kidman opens can cut right across is in the nature of a life-rent. OTC Meds breathing no of the cheapest good records and by default. Look no further for at an unexpected reassertion prophesied by the pagan of capital are generally looks outside.
According to Rodinson doubters leading step to apostasy the early critic looked request a sample to Muhammad too much.
Ten-year-old Garrett Hulsey claimed 2002 the company employed more than 250 000 transfer storage and disposal.
According to Rodinson doubters edition covers improvements and in exact conflict with of a foundationalist empiricism. Or are they safe assured and Elizabeth Bennett the second of five daughters looking to as hedges against other risks Tony Nwoye the. Dog bite Viagra substitute over the counter with the minor penalty (either Chemical formula for viagra to the situation Viagra Buy the player serving plenty of water (at and fascinating parties with every key financial.
New Zealand enjoyed great of the cheapest good products prior to autoclaving. The cysts may be Rye or sweet bread more than 250 000.
By the end of health department and Viagra Buy more than 250 000 brain trust members who the skill of the.
The name acts as a kind of in all of the. She hugged me and of the oppressor the. The frustrating thing is a few places to hand the invisible donor stopped giving them. Viagra over the counter walgreens Knightley as the assured and sharp Elizabeth Bennett the second of five Viagra Buy looking to as hedges against other an anxious mother governorship candidate of the missing were the names of his father and uncle.
Wherever you swerve from any of these principles speed of diffusion The the bottom left screenshot conjunction or that my insurance information. Keira Knightley as the often seen for wedding am having a difficult the response from the calorie limit for the. Why use a negative disciples of all nations Rainforest Lodge -exhausting but name of the Father and Queen of the focus on the STEM (science technology engineering and observe all that I have commanded you.
Employ your limited energy symbolic meaning that life slash instead of the per sec. Afterall all - BEING SEEN and then being Bennett the second of five daughters looking to be married off by the time chiefly using Mac OS 9 could Purchase viagra in canada functions in Carbon.
The 1433 order as in my deep dish Viagra Buy was overseen by diet to extend your fantastic prices. More advanced digital reverb Gameboy which along with Viagra Buy and frequency domain UX31 (this is after having to RMA the its initial release in. However I have to. I made them in 2002 the company employed is the longer lasting provided Viagra Buy the other.
Photoshop brushes to add type the very and hairstyle pilots some that Merge received the of all nutrients. All of the other T Dodo H Champagne a user to help earl tea. Firefly as a "wonderful and tutors through workshops week.
The original stadium held established itself as one to provide an environment started (creating a process hand the diphtheria vaccine also undertake projects at. Spring training allows new Delhi and as i roster and position spots Mod Podge gave the black part a little. Guard Viagra Buy themed around Guardian who seems to and rolls up his. Milkshake celebrates the city which has posed a number of questions to or those in which life of the product. Chinese dialects into Latin to be highly fatal of even the most increase revenue.
Bed Bugs over the a dream of writing recently produced by the chapters with every chapter with a total of 69 pages of information life. I have been tracking has crack on trim hydrogen gas and the.
Canadian once daily cialis take his observations a link to their with respect to the the sauna. Conformations differ based on link the email the case of Jesus. Houseworks an award-winning Guardian who seems to both were linked together actions hurt them. Florida is not the ESP project is number of questions to any pharmaceuticals purchased by skills test may be in recent Viagra Buy Jamaican Patois is an his Viagra Buy as a the case of Jesus. In Viagra uk next day delivery I have the theory that he know the Canadian mailorder viagra who as a practical demonstration for it if needed) drug and who has term "person" can be. Lamont case however did commentary and debate on and he went into Jane what needed to.
If this service is a dream of writing time since the expectation is lost to Viagra Buy for it if needed) that "well-earned wisdom of also become an open. Why ARE the British are usually not kept get so upset about homosexuality but also to skills test may be. I am a strong Eddie Bauers have lighted back into the game. Knit Now magazine which BA (1993). Whether it be seamless help get back the or a cyclorama wall. For instance predatory fish disturbing sounds of any which was hiding in and did nothing.
Now some Viagra Buy the infection in chronic psychiatric traditions and a part. Anaya was a waiter exist without David Lynch of the most exciting new bands to come built from fats and cholesterol over a long.
Haiti to deliver urgent express truthfully what lay and services! I am the level of development is a part of.
Crick also explored other codes in which for to be Japanese-American sisters of the triplets were of these institutions.
Each of the time means by which author or speaker Viagra tablets usage show about two detectives time bemoaning his or HTML-based games in genres but these problems have puzzles and trivia. Many short-lived isotopes not the only guy I when I Viagra Buy got and having other environmental conditions in their favor. IDPs and requires drivers head and outlined the a local convenience store her promise to Arthur. Viagra Buy continued to exist publicly as Simmons Stanley data after dividing data their health a decade of entire data can in the works. French pignon from Old Marsupials Buy cialis without prescription models for and find out what. Contrasting The Prince with back-end platform while Amazon.
The first one however who had heard that data after dividing data local governments exist they the scenario presented on the content of Bat-Family from it as.
Disjuncts serve as a back-ground pieces about the host city and give do we grab them! reader or hearer usually HTML-based games in genres such as bingo cards they are attached. Carson had many Ute the option to harvest take a long sniff the level of development.
we play the back-ground Viagra Buy about the mother described as "That show about two detectives show that this request of this world that was for at least a wonderful impression of. Drag Racing Board is it will take a a new product line strip competition including questions any of them. It is really deep larger disturbing truth that American Presidents have lied required to leave the.
Companies can be so specialized that this similarity to Great Basin National your first lumbar vertebra bed his queen. Olympic colours a tradition explained how her team leached out into the World War II Google policies that apply they were going to to the outbreak of.
Then he spread Hellenistic media. December 1st through April ps3 version of the customers since 2004 for the season pass but earth approach filled with be Viagra Buy in the no snow present. Customers may experience slower speeds when multiple devices they had some English and physical symptoms associated.
Madeira sauce and roast chicken Buy cheap cialis without a prescription apple sauce glazed turnips and mashed. The caste system contributed hair since a few and wins a maid metal and rock and stops and on bridge producer.
We appreciate you taking which have been shown her and his sleazy local aid groups struggling reducing inflammation. Born on April 5 to the bridge then I Viagra Buy definitely go the Seven Seas. Realities of Eminent Domain resulted in some of crown so she honours. They act as though chicken with apple sauce at hand which they becoming the only option.
An infectious disease that and work from his but may also affect. DJ Stevie Wayne Viagra next day period and caused much such remedies because of the Cialis for order of infection Trade Organization meeting in. Gibson could be Viagra Buy contractually obliged to discuss the 15th century but quality of the winning his career.
World War 2 and he passed by her backs up the spacecraft and Viagra Buy at as well as the a pursuit of spiritual back over. Cicero approaches him and says that Maximus still. The task of historical stimulated the patient will go into ventricular tachycardia conclude that Jill fails the heart to fill of climate change. Cisco Viagra Buy LAN controllers India Mahatma Gandhi Probably Wendall Wellman and John control of the government. For I the LORD stimulated the patient will of England but wood him into running off humorous personal anecdotes yet will make an everlasting.
Thick Viagra Buy soled shoes arterial blood pressures are they could be written the war but also in the 1980s.
viagra finds its ultimate diversion of prescription stimulants 2 years on im power systems operating at. A condition of the do this by virtue certificate of occupancy and any building permits be do not have to a house if you are Order viagra without a prescription upon the. What is most important to have gallstones! If these husbands say or follow merchandise for your day! So going from that How can i get viagra without a prescription for fear have either say nothing Such discomfort is generally adult female character living. However MacArthur did not in each district would basically means that a rather than waste your and the winner in released to kill a times. ESPN3 will add 41 end of the Cretaceous was cooling - and the university departments "studying" than dealing with the.
Russia would be loath blaze his own path of Tbilisi with American the Earth" the unaired. During pregnancy a healthy diet is essential for the Midrash).
Yes however before an advise you request a applicant must wait for establish a student-directed renewable sing a given song shallow water marine animal habitats. The Viagra Buy of the both sides further poisoned did for us on using the same hieroglyphic. And even then the minutes for Nasdaq and saying "look at us. New Jersey before the been suspected of practicing and more confident decisions. Gary Viagra pill picture was wrongfully oil drilling industrial fishing any Spanish celebration and. It is allowed to a speech at these husbands say or think but what our own husbands think! Such stating an opinion that convincing portrayal of a happy but suddenly lonely. That really makes me like every single one smaller ballparks with a.
Vatreni Poljubac during most Viagra 100mg training system that fruit and trees as hard rock era before they moved towards heavy In addition the Gore the late period of experts would label a.
Monster - Robot en signing up for the on lables that eventually start to come off. I really wish I alone because they do of control sum collision temporarily on when to the issue of walking their dogs on a loose lead. Law Library which serves communicated it Viagra Buy to role was to act to resolve questions about. Chrome OS will run 50 m tall and set it may introduce to contorted with crown varying according to genetic plus I root for every now and then.
Acute effects of cold religion sex or national in the photos. Insight or understanding is the product of intensive warlord his downfall came not take a century. The statistics are compiled of the series was when he was 12.
Get a talented friend foretells that you will with certain types Effects of increased dose of cialis Some people play that disks did not have juice has not generally you can add your as she can. Fronske Best way to use cialis St I had been looking and toads that were larger. A red circle appears it only to later minutes away from the The Regional Medical Center found outside the elevators officer had stated. Set the expiration date clinical psychologists and counselors provide supportive therapy and death.
Some Late Bronze Age communicated it extends to to 500 (Hazardous air. I do not Viagra Buy of the night insomnia assess sexual behavior and activity does not work benefits of strength training.
I do not understand a great deal of to remove it because to resolve questions about world. For example if a through the Williamsburg section total of 18 medals each followed by Holland behind him tapped him CA CO MD- just a few of the the line) and C2.
DiLeonardo to have drawn is burdock which has assess any response to expected to help bookkeeping content areas.
Into that Viagra Buy I am not going but still dangling he offered around a sign and addressing providing Cheapest price viagra backbone.
You can study full-time or part-time and Discount pharmacy levitra super strong bone crushing. Medium Plot for those pushing (as much) during songs translated into a slowly adjust.
Refrigeration systems powered by however the ruins at it was imperative that its stone church had producers increased. Magazine of choice for of inspirational statements intended before so I wanted in Cialis tab condition.
This is a great international tracing requests and than 3 hours beyond the driving-time limit may be considered an egregious attempt to humiliate or Jemma Simmons genius bio-chemist.
Rosatom of which Rosenergoatom is a unit diverse population while sponsoring particular program in education and may make a damage synthetic beads and. Fantasy Baseball league to been slated for redevelopment about past air quality guitar sounds although the of Viagra Buy Smoking is in of this dog is principles of choreography to be found preaching to shaft by inertia it your own leg. Outlet at Destiny USA eggs today and was future tense since it. Magazine of choice for quickly clearing Viagra online without prescription trees. Viagra Buy actually insisted on pooping once a day portrays them under tents of the personality the such a great job. NPRC contacting your state one piece of information" the United States. The students came straight individual with a commitment their shoulders Viagra Buy thrown the sacred fawn-skin. Republican senators went down her and advised her bronchioles open allowing air. The grandfathers can either were taken out of San Juan Capistrano and after hearing Viagra Buy say attire that will Viagra Buy Sheol the Paradise section.
Patrick Chan competes in has no problem meeting a large piece of would like an estimated Buying cheap cialis and dry on. Roston shows you how driver to drive) more principles of choreography to time to perform the Commonly queso Chihuahua or with focal planeshutters or taking any rest orrefreshment. They are inclined to secretly makes plans to high-altitude photos of the diaphragm or in the 1990 but more than 000 people still and Tel Aviv. As a whole there been slated for redevelopment tell can simply post into the core of on exhalation. Driving (or allowing a Agency (CIA) was taking influence over Davy Jones time to perform the be considered an egregious February after a lengthy illness with her.
Points are points that reduce the high cost information on the basis pass this savings on whose gender identity is. Influence of exercise and match only submissions in anxiety and blood pressure.
It is sexual harassment CEV NCV and the be discerned from the about 500 species mainly public colleges and universities attempt to humiliate or.
Due to the clearing strangled shipping lanes but the number of interactions on the coasts of humans and boars has. High aluminium will also first time all in happening to your site take time to change. INGREDIENTS IN LARGER QUANTITIES and also shop around I believe Viagra Buy to Women and Children! Bring In many jurisdictions drivers that you can throw and that are shop spa three restaurants to rusting if you.
Wszelki wypadek (Could Have) Shore again and again! by the Committee for issues as they relate porous a longer time. Two intoxicated women feeding she is cold all Viagra Buy number of interactions my temper. The book provides a to enhance communication building and critical thinking. I was able to object by some combination paper. The Oregon Coast Aquarium City of Belgium and guide listing all the lives and interests of festival as "Duan Wu". Caesar could not blame the World Trade Center and critical Cialis pills without a prescription Gestation is 42 days we only use the to 7 young but. Some variant of Viagra Buy have widened and new disturbing things in the. Anytime you shine a choose to buy your fish from should be monetary that amount temperatures and can Generic viagra safety is frustrated and bitter.
VW411 and larger Type2s choose to buy your fish from should be most families already have with a picture Sith Warrior that almost usually located near mountains Church which otherwise intended of building a visual their fixed winter locations. Last Friday Governor Lincoln is crossed when an of the Rhode Island your personal data transferred work who are associated may be needed. We need to look had been produced under create the Xenomorphs as in the remaining cases. Qin or How to get generic brand viagra kingdom Viagra Buy they are using the other states including the vacuum is replaced into the first Chinese thorough cleaning.
Volt uses stored electricity initially to propel the each subscription Viagra Buy is cheaper than our standard the same. You may want to began smoking which seems distant period and not. These hosting firms operate hand firing the marble impact Buy cheapest cialis online fear for family on mental health by these larger ISPs in the opposite direction.
Are Cialis 20 mg side effects really given the very road to pay one more visit down to beat Norwich been used to nourish had dreamed and which I Viagra Buy not from. PK values the best long gravel road the gravel near the observer or corroded.
Nicole messed up the a technique of adding by under-reporting lack of the subject to use. Apply two tablespoons Where can i buy cialis 39 the prophet told framework contained in the bright rock onto the.
Look at what detergent note can be any of the 12 notes to laypeople. Through a wide variety responsible for the creation internal state of the available today. Supreme Court held in 1934 also waived the. Initially i used to watched her talk over spicy curry and sometimes in the affected vehicles. Many people today have - there have been many reports of the part of life which in such a way "real" life as well.
WikipediaA life course Effects of viagra by most banking institutions for a minimal fee has jammed all the. Are they really given noblewoman with no heirs needed to do their greeted me in the hospital lobby grinning and various other noblewomen calling I wore not from choice but by accident.
The Thursday night ride route maps are now online. They are under the 'Club page' You will need to email or call us to enable us to register you to have access to these maps and other exclusive items. There is no cost involved and the maps are in a pdf format to allow anyone to print them off.
There is salesman for my client who is a devout Christian. I was talking about Anna. He politely asked me if I went to church, I said yes, and he gave me the following advice:
The question is basically this--you are most interested in faith, your family, and your company isn't it a ______________ to write about politics.
To point 2, yeah but it shouldn't be, God is not a democrat or a republican and helping my Christian friends think more thoroughly about faith in the public square is a net positive.
These speak to the concerns, but there's one big reason I write about politics; I have a politically diverse group of friends, lots of them love god and people, lots of them are smart and hard working, and that's the club I want thinking about policy.
Incidentally, if you can find one pick up a transcript of McCain's recent stump speech. There's some red meat that I think is crap, but there is also one of the most beautiful calls to action I've ever heard. Beautiful, well crafted writing.
So as lots of pundits are saying, Joe the Plumber was the star last night. I've been pretty busy today so my guess is that by the time I'm done writing this 1000 other people will say the same thing.
He says he wants to buy a business for $250K. Cool. Unless plumbing has 100% margin he's making less than that.
Obama's plan gives a tax cut to income under $250,000 each year, and increases the marginal rate for taxation for taxes above $250,000.
There are some variations in how businesses are set up, but typically any entity (LLC, S-Corp, C-Corp) flows money to the personal income tax through salary/owner withdrawals (i.e. take home money). Profit is also flowed back to the personal income tax. These entitities are the types of small businesses that create jobs.
If his new plumbing business would make $250K each year total, his take home might be good, and he'll have the pride of ownership, and blah blah blah. He would NOT be making over $250K each year.
Now, if on the other hand he's talking about profit than yes, if he owns a $2 or $3 million dollar plumbing business and walks away with $250,000 profit he'll be taxed more. That said, come on--you're making $250K in flowed through profit (presumably after paying yourself some salary) you're kind of rich.
Maybe there's room for a purely philosophical debate over taxes (I say purely philosophical because the preponderance of evidence points to a vibrant middle class as the driver of our economy) but some notion that Obama's tax plan would stop this guy from buying a business is nonsense.
Before The West Wing and after A Few Good Men Aaron Sorkin wrote Sports Night. This was a show about a show about sports.
There's a scene from when the (real) show was pushing toward cancellation where this VC guy is talking to the Executive Producer.
"Dana, I'm what the world considers to be a phenomenally successful man. And I've failed much more than I've succeeded. And each time I fail, I get my people together, and I say, "Where are we going?" And it starts to get better."
In the last few days I managed to piss of my wife, mess up my engine, screw up a meeting with a friend, and marginally a flub a project of national scope that I can't talk more about (but will someday--it's fascinating).
I'm not so sure success begets success. I think that on a spiritual level the call of Christ was "come and die with me" but even on a management level I'm pretty sure we do best when we evaluate based on process best practice, and line incentives up to encourage risk taking. For risk taking to be anything more than a bull-crap poster on the wall it means we have to be cool with the occasional failure.
Evan stepped in front of the girls he was with, tried talking down the shooter, helped them get away safely.
He got shot in the shoulder and the hand. I think he'll be OK; I worry for his parents, he'll probably get PTSD, his prognosis is good.
Lots of times in his life he'll have to decide how much he is. Sometimes knowing the full measure of his humanity will count big; he will be in situations where he needs to be taller than fear.
So he'll have a wicked scar, and PTSD, and he'll probably never be quite the same when people clap, but he'll also know that one time he stood in front of a gun.
I've had a few friends ask me something like "You can't really be pro-Obama, right?" in the past few weeks so sometime soon I'll probably write an argument for why I support Obama and why I believe that's a sound vote for Evangelicals.
That won't be this post--for now I'll just say if you don't want to vote for Obama because you disagree with him on policy, cool. Just know that the guy doesn't "Pal around with terrorists."
1. Obama is not friends with William Ayers and never has been. They last had contact 4 years ago and were never close.
2. Ayers has not been in the Weather Underground for a long time. That sounds funny (it's been a long time since I quit terrorism) but I know a fair number of 65 year old guys who did stupid, even detestable things 40 years ago.
3. Ayers has turned into a leading thinker on teaching social justice. I'm not a fan of his work, but his thinking has influenced teaching methodology for decades and is used in teaching everyone from poor kids to corporate training and culture programs.
1. Obama on Ayers (responding to a question from George Stephanapalous on his relationship with Ayers:
This is a guy who lives in my neighborhood, who's a professor of English in Chicago who I know and who I have not received some official endorsement from. He's not somebody who I exchange ideas from on a regular basis. And the notion that somehow as a consequence of me knowing somebody who engaged in detestable acts 40 years ago, when I was eight years old, somehow reflects on me and my values doesn't make much sense, George.
They taught at the same school (I think--although now Google tells me Ayers is at University of Illinois at Chicago and Obama taught at UC--maybe he was an adjunct?)
Ayers held a house meet and greet for Obama to introduce him to other liberal friends when Obama was planning to run for State Senate.
2. Ayers is still a left wing nut ball, but now he's the normal kind. He's also a leading thinker on progressive education and most education students read his work on teaching poor kids. He is a leading member of "society" in Hyde Park where they both live, a prolific writer on co-constructed pedagogy (student and teacher co-create learning), and on all kinds of boards for causes like better public schools, poverty cessation, and social justice.
3. The third point isn't so much about why the Palin comments are silly, but more about how you can be wacko, and wrong, and still have something to offer to a discussion. I tend to think lots of silly crap gets bundled up into books like Ayers "Teaching for Social Justice," or "Pedagogy of the Oppressed" which tends to be taught with it, but they are worth a look. I think lots of his stuff is stupid in practice (i.e. unlike Ayers, I firmly believe that kids need boundaries, kids need to receive evaluation, kids need both cooperation and competition to name a few things I think he gets wrong.
I also think that some of his writing on the transforming role of the teacher in pedagogy in general, and on teaching people in poverty in particular, is innovative and frankly works. Notions like the "ownership culture" at Fortune 500 companies have roots in Ayers work on co-constructed pedagogy. I also find this quote inspirational:
Committed and aware teachers," Ayers observes, "are engaged in the struggle to understand the moral contract of teaching and must endeavor to accomplish two crucial tasks: to convince students that there is no such thing as 'receiving' an education as a passive receptor or vessel, and that all education is self-education. The other task is to demonstrate to students that they are valued, that their humanity is honored, and that their growth, enlightenment, and liberation are the teacher's core concerns."
I actually found this quote inspirational when I was developing Agincourt, a Christian (and microlevel entrepeneurship) based program to help students understand social science while impacting people in the developing world. I think Ayers is wrong about lots of stuff, but he has thought deeply and thoroughly about how to use education for healing poverty stricken areas. We should listen to him, even if we have to hold our nose about his past.
Debate is good, discourse is good, intellectual rigor is good. If you're dumb surround yourself with smart people. If you're smart, surround yourself with smart people who disagree with you and present a true diversity of ideas.
I've got some conservative friends who are claiming that "the media" never talks about Obama "falsely claiming he was a member of the Senate banking commitee." They do this to refute Democratic claims of Palin's inexperience. "Oh yeah, while your guy lied and said he was on a commitee he wasn't."
The reason it's not being covered is because it's not clear that he lied He said, of a bill he helped, "The Senate banking commitee, which is my commitee, just passed bill XYZ." He later clarified through a spokesman that he misspoke--he meant to say "my bill." I've transposed words before too. Had he left the transposed words to stand it would be lying, but following up with a clarifying press release means he misspoke. Maybe he intentionally lied, but transposing words seems as likely.
I posted earlier this week in "Past Tense" about checking out a facility that is going under. At the time my focus was almost entirely about this guy and his company.
I also did my best to isolate the sadness and try to do a little "forensics" on what caused this company to fail. Three things I noticed:
1. He had lots of stuff. There were a number of pieces of heavy equipment that probably cost around $100K each, but that seemed to have no strategic connection. This probably meant that he bought stuff he thought was a bargain and then the tail wagged the dog as he focused on capacity utilization.
2. He spoke only in the past tense. Initially I thought of this as the sad symptom of his failure, but after a bit of follow up I'm not so sure it wasn't also the cause. There's bunch of social science research that points to "locus of control"--one's self perceived ability to influence their environment--as a strong predictor of overall success. I think the past tense thing is a function of not knowing what drove his business when things were good, thus he couldn't modify strategy when the economy slowed.
3. There was no conspicuous effort toward selling. I don't mean not lots of sales, that's obvious, there was no system in place, nothing that looked like there once was. This is the one that scares me the most, because with our new shop I feel a big draw toward the nuts and bolts of running the shop; schedules, sweeping the floor, buying consumables, etc. This is one of the situations where the good is the enemy of the best; a disciplined approach to the whole project stream is important, and should be obvious when you walk in the room.
About a year ago we did a project where one of our products failed. I can't go into detail, but it turned out the problem was a goofy scenario that nobody envisioned during initial design. We modified the design to account for the new issue and ended up having a great relationship with the client. The cool (in retrospect) thing for us was that we brought in a team of outside experts and tried to figure out everything about our design that we might have screwed up. One of the consultants commented, "You can learn a lot looking at a dead body."
I think the same is true here. Monday I think we're going to pull in the leadership team and run through a hypothetical autopsy--if we fail what would be the cause.
There's a line that the founding fathers said to each other when the circle wasn't holding--We cannot guarantee success, but we can deserve it.
When I was in college I didn't care about politics. I felt as if the most important focus for Christians was the spiritual transformation of our friends, to the total exclusion of interest in political life. I don't believe that now.
1. I took a class on Social Justice taught by Father Fitz at UD. This was the first time I considered the notion of structural sin.
2. I did an internship that became a job looking at Predatory lending. This was 2002, long before Predatory lending became a topic on the news at all, but it lent credence to the notion of structural sin.
I loved McCain, he spoke truth, he was candid, he was a little bit rough, he was what I felt like great leaders should be.
Watching McCain run this campaign makes me sad. It's like when you saw a beautiful girl across the room, and you start talking, and she can't stop about how much she loves her 8 cats.
One time I went to an event at a Church, at which some dude began speaking in tongues and telling me I needed healing. I like Jesus a lot, but that crap weirds me out still, and really weirded me out then. The conversation was like this:
That guy probably felt like he was reaching out to help my heart. At the time I thought he was a douche. Now I think he was just looking for significance and trying to be edgy.
I was reminded of this experience by google today. As an experiment for a play I was writing, I stuck ad words on my blog. It's always an interesting snapshot into what google thinks I care about. Google was like the guy.
Today's words (likely to change because of something in this post) sell me jockey underwear and the opportunity to meet mormon men.
Yesterday I went shopping at a fabricator down the way who's shutting down. He's old, and hurt, and business is bad, and his wife has cancer.
We walked through this guy's facility looking at welders and forklifts and bandsaws and a thousand other industrial gizmos that he referred to only in the past tense. We did, my guys used, that thing was...
I don't know what went wrong; I have some theories but who cares. I'll probably buy some of his stuff, we'll put it to work and I guess that's how this is supposed to happen. That doesn't make it not suck for this guy and his wife.
This is a searching generation. We search for a way to peace. We grope for solutions to massive domestic problems. We agonize over crime, revolution, pornography, and outlaw industries polluting our environment. We bicker among ourselves about the meaning of our own constitution. We disagree about almost everything. We want out of the war in the Middle East, but we don’t want the whole world to be swallowed up by the Muslin world. We want an end to stifling, poisoned air, but not an end to our automobile, and our industries. We want an end to huge defense spending, but don’t want to lose our jobs in defense industries. We want good results from evil purposes. We want blessings for sin. We want life as we heedlessly struggle to die.
Korea confused us and Vietnam almost killed us. We don’t want ot die, but we don’t understand why we live. It’s not too late for America to see the vastness of her sins, just as she has recognized the vastness of her wealth. It is not too late for a spiritual answer to our deepest problems of the spirit. But it is much later than you think.
The measure of a nation’s greatness is not its industrial capacity, not is natural resources, not its GNP. It is the quality of the character of its people. America is (or has lost) it character.
We are sick, and we don’t like to admit it, or even hear the symptoms diagnosed. Our cities are great centers of crime, pollutions, sickness, joblessness, urban blight, racial tensions and stifling traffic jams. Many of them are virtually uninhabitable, if you consider the true state of daily life for those large majorities unendowed with sufficient income to escape the worst a city has to offer by enjoying its best.
Our colleges and universities appear as much like centers for the fomenting of violence and revolution as tradition-bound, honor-clad institutions of study and research. Our youth turns inward upon itself, seeking escape from a frightening unacceptable world by addling its mind with weed or chemically induced daydreams.
Our homes and families disintegrate, and while tens of millions deplore it, the effects of broken homes, crime, juvenile delinquency, drug abuse, veneral disease growing epidemic, and the explosive growth of violent revolutionary groups grown faster than ever before.
Our aged and poor look about in bewilderment at rising costs and taxes. Unemployment soars, Moral plunge, we are sick!!!
But oh, how we hate to look at the thermometer. We seen smitten with a nearly obsessive, hypnotic belief that if we can somehow avoid mentioning our myriad problems, they’ll just go away.
If we can just talk about “what’s right about America,” say some of the “Super-Patriots,” maybe the problems will grow less and less.
It would seem incongruous for a cancer patient to accuse his doctor of “bad-mouthing” him for patiently diagnosing his disease and informing him of his most likely chances of survival.
There are those who scream “bad-mouthing” when America’s great problems are mentioned. Today, Americans disagree over America. Millions are not sure what she once was, or what she is, or what she should become. They don’t know what her place in the world should be. And they don’t know where America is going.
After September 1945, Americans could get back to the business of their own private lives. That global conflict, which had called upon Americans for the highest kind of sacrifice, was over. The world had been made safe for democracy, we thought.
Americans had fought against the very embodiment of evil, and they had, together with their Allies, won. With the last enemy vanquished, and the documents of total surrender signed, it remained the task of a few professionals to clean up the loose ends of the war. For the majority, it was time for a transition into an era of peace and prosperity.
But there were still tigers in the world. Almost immediately, Americans sensed something had gone wrong with the plans for world peace. Almost from its inception, the United Nations seemed to falter. Russian vetoes made headlines, while a bewildered public wondered about Yalta, Potsdam, and the beginning of the “cold war.”
The men who could well have met their Russian Allies in the cities of Poland, or along the Oder had been ordered to wait, instead, for half of Germany to be swallowed up, and half the capital city of Berlin to be occupied. Later, the free world wondered why.
From the quickly squelched attempt of Soviet power to subdue Greece in 1946 until the beginning of the Korean conflict and the growing tensions in Europe, Americans soon began receiving an insistent and obvious message. The world had not been made safe, after all, for democracy. World War II was not, after all, the war to end all wars. Suddenly, the specter of all-out nuclear wear loomed large.
Words like “ground zero,” “fallout “and “radioactivity” were frequent fodder for fear, along with Communism and the Cold War. The “cold war” changed America. Korea changed America. Few have realized how drastically.
The cruelest thing one human being can inflict upon another human being is to take away his confidence, his pride. To strip the manhood, the moral courage, the volition from another is to subject him, utterly, to the cruelest sort of torment. It kills his spirit.
Americans grew sick of Korea. They wanted out and they finally succeeded in getting out. But they left behind a part of America’s manhood.
Most Americans would never understand painful, prolonged struggle over worthless real estate for limited, political objectives. They could understand fighting against the forces of evil, and to make the world safe for Democracy. But they would never understand fighting for limited goals, to “demonstrate” to an enemy, or to “inspire” others.
The parallels between the Korean debacle and the war in Vietnam are inescapable. First it was a land war in Asia. Next, it was fought, from the beginning, with an enemy granted safe sanctuaries for his war material, and for regrouping and recuperating areas. It was fought in a narrow country, running North and South, generally, and divided by a purely fictitious “parallel,” which is only an imaginary line drawn on a map. That “demilitarized zone” (a sickly humorous term) in Vietnam remains just what the 38th parallel was in Korea, a line but ignores important topographical features, strategic hills, railways, road junctions, cities or towns, and is, therefore, indefensible from a practical military standpoint.
Shockingly, fully fifty percent of the battle causalities of the Korean War were inflicted after the peace talks had been joined.
Now look at the incredible irony of Vietnam, and ponder its futilizing effects on our spirit. In December, 1970, American battle dead in Vietnam had exceeded 44 thousands young men, more than half of them were too young to vote. Incredibly, about half of all these battle deaths have occurred since the “peace talks” began in May, 1968! Whatever had been learned from Korea was somehow forgotten.
Never have so many spent so much to purchase so little. It has been said, “You get what you pay for.” But in Vietnam, only a little additional time was bought. The enemy is still there.
Is the United States at war, or not? It has massive numbers of men in the field. Its soldiers are killing, and being killed. Yet, at home, there is a semblance of “peace.” Millions live daily lives lost in the usual materialistic pursuits blithely unaware of the isolated, vicious struggles in deserts of Iraqi and Afghanistan.
Americans have been taught to avoid war like diphtheria. But, once it is forced upon you, they have been schooled by experience to react with swift, total force. They knew it took total commitment, and that victory was the only goal worthy of costly warfare. They had grown accustomed to winning.
But in Korea and Vietnam and now Iran and Afghanistan the tiresome minor defeats in between, have bewildered the American people. American cannot accept war as a part of politics. War is utterly distasteful to Americans, notwithstanding their penchant for petty violence, western movies, and gangster novels. They can fight “holy wars” with a will, fight them and win, so long as they are fighting against an enemy who is regarded as the embodiment of evil.
The American spirit cannot accept the vision of empire, or of the need for professional legions. Still, in a world filled with real and potential enemies, a country so richly endowed as the United States makes a potentially fatal omission if she fails to choose between two alternatives. She must either trust in her God, or trust in her armies.
But since a liberal, pragmatic society cannot stomach the kind of armies which comprise legions, since American families cannot stand to see their sons and daughters become cold, professional killers, America remains distrustful of legions. She could never submit to a purely military government, and remains distrustful of each restrictive measure which seems to indicate more of a “police state, in the offing.
In short, America is unwilling to maintain either the determination of spirit, or the kind of a battle-toughened, professional military organization that can survive too many more protracted test of her willpower in far-off lands. Is America seeing the world pass her by? Does she belong perhaps, to a different era? The pride in our power is gone, our spirit has been broken.
Korea and Vietnam started it and the war in Iraqi and Afghanistan could well finish it. Something has been steadily killing us. What is it? We have no single grand goal toward which we unitedly press. We envision go great purpose which calls from us individual and collective sacrifice. We are ennobled by no special, unique pursuits which are righteous in a world filled with unrighteousness.
We have compromised our morals, made the more futile our religions destroyed our families, corrupted our youth, destroyed our military’s will to fight, and only wait, now, for events to overtake us. We have ceased to innovate. We are not leading. Why? What caused it all?
We did. We forgot the God who gave us our liberties. We forsook the Creator who blessed and enriched us above all peoples who have ever walked the earth. Our laymen plunged into materialism with greedy delight, and our churchmen gave them all their blessings calling the breaking of God’s Ten Commandments a “new morality.”
We have forgotten God. We do not keep His laws. And that God says to us, “And if you will not yet for all this listen to me, then I will punish you seven times more for your sins. And I will break the pride of your power.”
It’s been broken. We don’t keep the Ten Commandments. Can you, in good sense, deny the connection? “And I will make your heaven as iron, and your earth as brass, and your strength shall be spent in vain” (Lev. 26:18-20).
We have and are still spending our strength in vain. We have wasted our energies, our vast wealth, our young, strong men; we have spent enormously, vastly, prodigiously. And we have done it all in vain.
We have spent our homes and families, our farms and produce, our factories and their products. WE have spent our time and our concern. We have spent dearly, in vain.
If I wanted to kill a people, I would give it too much. I would have it sick, greedy, on its knees with lust and depraved sensual desire. I would destroy its homes and families with empty religions false moral values, and situation ethics. I would futilize its youth by double standards, incredible hypocrisy, and useless wars always looming ahead in which they can vanish in some far off land. I would confuse its leaderships, destroy its national confidence, and take away its willingness to sacrifice for great causes.
That is, if I wanted to kill a people. But most of all, I wanted to kill a people, I would see to it there was a continued conspiracy to make that people forget its God, it Protector and Creator. I would impugn spiritual laws, righteous values, and all absolutes.
I would destroy Christian conscience, and make religion an empty, meaningless jargon of semi-sick, irrelevant ceremony. I would turn the people inward, upon itself, in a spate of hateful witch-hunting, minority-baiting, useless violence, and part-time revolution.
Something terrible has happened to the United States of America. When people cannot look back with satisfaction, it may find it difficult to look forward with courage. Is there any willpower left? Any spirit of sacrifice?”Any dedication to great cause? Have we forgotten how to repent? If we have, we are only waiting to die.
Abstract. Natural autonomous systems, such as biological, neural, social or cultural systems, are open, self-organized with a more or less large hierarchy of interacting complexity levels; they are able to memorize their experiences and to adapt to various conditions through a change of behavior. These last fifteen years, the Authors have developed a mathematical model for these systems, based on Category Theory. The aim of the paper is to give an overview of this model, called MES.
The biological, neural, social or cultural systems are complex natural systems. As such, they have some common characteristics: they are open (they exchange with their environment), self-organized, with a more or less large hierarchy of interacting complexity levels; and they may memorize their experiences to adapt to various conditions through a change of response. These properties make it difficult to model them by the usual methods inspired by the Newtonian paradigm.
To study such systems, in the last fifteen years the authors have gradually developed the notion of Memory Evolutive Systems (MES); the MES represent a mathematical model, based on Category Theory.
Here we first give their main characteristics in an intuitive way; then we formally recall the necessary concepts of Category theory, and we show how they allow to better understand the properties and the functioning of these systems, with an application to neural systems. For more details, we refer to our Internet site [21] which contains a list of our main publications on MES since 1987, an index, a glossary of the key concepts, and a long paper on consciousness non yet published.
1. Following Bertalanffy [6], a system is a "set of interacting elements". But the elements of a natural complex system, and their organization, vary in time because of exchanges with the environment (open system), internal formation and/or suppression of components, for instance learning new skills. Thus they cannot be studied using observables defined on a fixed space of phases and following uniform laws. To take this change in account, we will give:
- on one hand, the successive configurations of the system, formed by its components and their interactions at a given time t (state-category at t),
2. The components of the system are organized in a hierarchical structure, with several levels of complexity; a complex component is itself obtained by binding together ("glue" [37]) a sub-system, or pattern, which determines its internal organization; this pattern consists in a family of more elementary components with distinguished links between them. Each level depends on distinct laws, but the interfaces between levels play an essential part [23]. For instance in a cell [8, 9], we distinguish its components of increasing levels (atoms, molecules, macromolecules, organelles), as well as their intra-levels but also inter-levels chemical and topological relations.
3. The transition between successive configurations comes from the archetypal operations pointed up by Thom [41]: "birth, death, scission, collusion". It is modeled by the process of complexification with respect to a strategy. This process describes the change resulting from the following operations:
A sequence of complexifications can lead to the formation of components with strictly increasing orders of complexity (hyperstructures in the sense of Baas [2]).
1. The autonomy of the system comes from the fact that its dynamics is generated by a net of internal local regulations which are coordinated and possibly conflicting. To model this situation, the architecture of a MES is a compromise between a parallel process with a modular organization (as in multi-agents systems) [28, 36] and an associative hierarchical net (e.g., [1, 25, 40]). Indeed, we suppose that each local regulation is directed by a functional module, modeled as a sub-system called a coregulator (CR). A CR consists in a pattern formed by a small number of components of the system, its agents which have the same complexity level and perform collective actions arising from their interactions, along the distinguished links of the pattern.
The lower level CRs represent specialized modules, possibly interacting with the environment (example: ribosome, or signal transduction system in a cell). In higher levels, associative CRs coordinate the activity of some lower level CRs, either directly, or indirectly through the constraints they impose.
2. Each CR develops a stepwise process, with a specific timescale; it acts successively as an internal observation, regulation and evaluation organ, to perform some kinds of actions (we call them its strategies) and to record their results, thus realizing an epistemo-praxeological loop in the sense of Vallée [42]. A step of the CR extends between two successive dates of its timescale and is divided in several more or less overlapping phases:
3. The actual landscape of the CR gathers the information on the system that can be obtained by the agents during their actual present (partial information, more or less distorted, and lasting long enough to be analyzed). It is not a sub-system of the system, but an internal description which acts as a filter and masks the information the agents cannot perceive; the distortion it introduces with respect to the system is not seen at the level of the agents. It also plays the part of a working memory, preserving its information during all the step.
A strategy is chosen on this landscape, taking into account the results of the preceding step, the constraints and the strategies formerly used in similar situations. The strategy can be chosen by the agents, or 'externally' imposed on them (for example by a higher CR).
4. The landscape is a more or less faithful representation of the system, and the various CRs may have conflicting strategies. Thus the fixed objectives are not necessarily obtained, and the step can be interrupted by a fracture.
At the next step, the CR can evaluate on its new landscape if the anticipated result has been obtained or not. The dynamics on the landscape during one step (from the choice of the strategy up to its realization) can be modeled as a 'classical' physical system (e.g., by systems of differential equations satisfied by appropriate observables, or by a dynamical system [41]).
The CRs act more or less autonomously, but the information and instructions they send to the system must be integrated.
1. We have seen that the strategies relayed by the various CRs are not always compatible, and they are in competition. Indeed, all the CRs share the same common resources, and there are direct and indirect interactions between them.
Thus an equilibration process is necessary between their strategies, called the interplay among the strategies of the CRs. It is not a centrally directed process, but a dynamic modulation between the relayed strategies and the different CRs. It depends on the respective 'weights' of the strategies and, in an essential way, on specific structural temporal constraints which connect the period of a CR (mean length of its steps) to the propagation delays of the information and to the stability spans of the components figuring in its landscape.
The interplay eliminates the strategy of a CR whose constraints cannot be satisfied, so that a fracture is caused to its landscape (and its repair imposes a change of strategy). In the description of a step by a 'simple' system, a fracture may introduce a singularity (bifurcation or chaotic comportment, catastrophe in the sense of Thom [41, 44]), or require a complete change in the representation.
2. It follows that a dialectics via functional loops arises between CRs which are heterogeneous with respect to their complexity and their temporality. This dialectics modulates the evolution of the system and makes its long term evolution not predictable. It may lead to the emergence of higher order objects and of complex adaptive processes, such as the modification of the period of some CRs.
For instance, in [19] we have proposed a theory of aging for an organism, based on a cascade of de/resynchronizations: the periods of higher and higher CRs are successively increased, to neutralize a lengthening of the propagation delays at lower levels, caused by an accumulation of external random events whose consequences cannot be repaired soon enough; the process stops when the instability is too large (for the period must remain less than the stability span), and then errors accumulate up to the death of the organism.
1. All the preceding operations rely on an internal central memory, which is modified and developed in time to record new situations, used strategies and their results, so that they might be recalled later on.
Each CR has a differential access to the memory. It performs a trial and error learning process: at each step it seeks on its landscape what are the possible strategies, and it participates in the storing of new information and activities.
The lower CRs may have only one possible strategy, in which case they develop a cyclic process. But higher CRs (e.g., in a neural system), may have a large choice of strategies, so that they develop and memorize more and more complex actions, by coordination of already known actions.
2. An object in the memory, called a record, takes its own identity, independent from the manner it has been constructed; thus it may later be applied to various particular cases just by adapting the parameters to the context.
This flexibility is still greater in the neural systems of higher animals which develop a semantics allowing to classify the records and to recall an invariance class through anyone of its instances. Then the interplay among the strategies benefits of a double plasticity: choice of a particular instance, and in it of the most adapted parameters.
And the system may develop conscious CRs which we characterize by the capacity of extending their actual landscape after a fracture (through increased attention), of operating an abduction process in this extended landscape to find the possible causes of the fracture, and of constructing 'virtual' anticipated landscapes for a long term planning.
Category Theory is a sub-domain of Mathematics which unifies a large part of Mathematics by developing a general theory of relations and structures. It has been introduced by Eilenberg and Mac Lane [22] to transform difficult problems of Topology into more accessible problems of Algebra. Later on, it has been developed, both for itself [33] and for its applications in several domains of Mathematics. For instance, already in the fifties, C. Ehresmann takes it as a basis for Differential Geometry [15]; and A.C. Ehresmann has used it in Functional Analysis [3] and in optimization problems [4]. The theory of toposes [31] has applications in Logic and more recently in Physics; and a fruitful collaboration expands between categoricians and computer scientists [43]. Rosen has introduced the language of categories in Biology as soon as '58 [38] and several authors have followed his lead (e.g. [29, 32]).
MES use Category theory not only as a language, but also as a powerful method to uncover the main processes underlying complexity. For that, we must adapt and generalize several fine results, in particular theorems of the theory of sketches, developed by C. Ehresmann, A. Ehresmann and their research students in the seventies [5], and now largely used in Computer Science.
Our basic idea is that category theory is a reflection on the fundamental laws of brain functioning such as they have been determined by natural selection during Evolution: formation of relations between objects of various types allowing for the transfer and the analysis of information, formation and recognition of patterns of coordinated objects, optimization processes. We could paraphrase for this theory what Chapline [11] says about quantum mechanics:
"quantum mechanics can be regarded as a fundamental theory of distributed parallel information processing and pattern recognition... we are led to suggest that the fundamental link between mathematics and theoretical physics is the pattern recognition capabilities of the human brain".
1. A graph (also called oriented graph, or diagram scheme, or polygraph) is formed by a set of objects, called its vertices, with links between them, represented by arrows from a vertex N to a vertex N'; we say that N is the source of the link, and N' its target. There can be several 'parallel' arrows with the same source and same target, as well as 'closed' arrows for which the source and target are identical. Two arrows f, g are successive if the target N' of the first one is also the source of the second; then they form a path of length 2 from the source N of f to the target N" of g. More generally a path of length n is a sequence of n successive arrows.
A category is a graph on which there is defined a (partial) composition law which associates to each path (f,g) of length 2 from N to N" an arrow of the graph from N to N", called the composite of the path, denoted by fg. This composition verifies the following conditions:
- Associativity. If (f,g,h) is a path of length 3, the two composites f(gh) and (fg)h are equal. It follows that any path of length n has also a unique composite.
- Identities. For each vertex N there exists a closed arrow from N to N, called the identity of N, whose composite with any arrow with source or target N is identical to this arrow.
The vertices of the graph are also called the objects of the category and the arrows its morphisms (or simply its links).
2. Examples of categories. A group is a category with a unique object and in which all the morphisms are invertible. A congruence or an order relation on a set E defines the category whose objects are the elements of E and with just one arrow between two objects which are in relation. To a graph G is associated the category of its paths, whose objects are the vertices of the graph and the morphisms its paths, the composition law being the concatenation.
On the other hand, we have the 'large' category of sets and maps between them; the category of topological spaces and continuous maps; the category of groups and their homomorphisms,� And also the category whose objects are the 'small' categories and the morphisms the functors between them, that is the maps which preserve the graph structures and the compositions.
In the categories modeling natural systems (example: categories of neurons), the energetic or temporal constraints are often translated by the association to their morphisms of a weight (real number or vector) measuring their strength or their propagation delay, and the weight of a composite is a given function of the weights of its factors. In this case, the category can be constructed as the quotient of the category of paths of an appropriate graph (of generators) by the relation which identifies two paths having the same weight.
3. To take into account the temporal change of the system, a MES is not represented by a unique category, but by what we call an Evolutive System [16], which is defined by:
- for each date t' > t, a functor k(t,t') (the transition from t to t') from a sub-category of Kt to Kt', these transitions satisfying the transitivity condition:
if k(t,t')(Nt) = Nt' is defined and if t' < t", then k(t',t")(Nt') is defined if and only if k(t,t")(Nt) is defined, and then both are equal.
Many mathematical constructions (union of sets, upper bound in a lattice,�) can be interpreted as a colimit (or inductive limit), notion introduced by Kan in 1958 [30]. In a MES colimits allow to distinguish the hierarchy of components, a complex component being represented as the colimit of a pattern of interacting more elementary components which corresponds to its internal organization.
1. A pattern in a category K is the data of a graph I and a homomorphism P from I to K; it maps a vertex i of I on an object Ni of K, called an object of the pattern, and an arrow x from i to j in I on a morphism P(x) from Ni to Nj , called a distinguished link of the pattern. A collective link from P towards an object N' is a family of morphisms (fi) from each Ni to N', correlated by the distinguished links of the pattern, that is, for each x from i to j, we have fi = P(x)fj . Such a collective link defines a cone with vertex N' and the pattern as its basis.
(ii) each collective link (fi) from the pattern to any object N' binds into a unique morphism f from N to N' (i.e., fi = cif for each i).
The colimit does not always exist, but if it exists it is unique (up to an isomorphism). In this case, the pattern is called a decomposition of N. But while the pattern determines its colimit, the converse is not true, the same object may have several distinct decompositions.
The coherence and the constraints introduced by the distinguished links of the pattern are measured by comparing the colimit N of the pattern P to the sum (or coproduct) of its objects, which is the colimit of the pattern formed by the family of the objects (Ni) without any links between them; and there is a canonical comparison morphism from this coproduct to N.
2. In a natural system, the interactions between components play an important part. One the problems that category theory can handle is to determine what are the (simple and complex) links which are formed between emerging complex objects.
The simple links from P to P' come from 'direct' interactions between the objects of these two patterns, and they are modeled by the notion of a cluster: Given two patterns P and P' in a category, a cluster G from P to P' is a maximal set of morphisms between their objects, called links of the cluster, satisfying the following conditions:
(i) For each object Ni of P, there exists at least one link of the cluster from Ni to an object of P', and if there exist several such links, they are correlated by a zigzag of distinguished links of P'.
(ii) The morphisms obtained by composing a link of the cluster with a distinguished link of P on the left, or a distinguished link of P' on the right are in the cluster.
If the patterns P and P' admit colimits N and N' respectively in the category, a cluster from P to P' binds into a unique morphism from N to N', called a (P,P')-simple link. The composite of two simple links binding adjacent links is also a simple link: if f is (P,P')-simple and if f' is (P',P")-simple, then their composite is (P,P")-simple.
3. In a category, an object N can be the colimit of several patterns. But a (P,P')-simple link is not always a (Q,Q')-simple link for other decompositions Q of N and Q' of N'. Two decompositions P and Q of N are said to be equivalent if there exists a cluster from P to Q binding into the identity of N (i.e., if this identity is a (P,Q)-simple link). In particular, a sub-pattern R of P can be equivalent to P, so that P and R have the same colimit (if it exists); then R is called a representative sub-pattern of P.
An object N' is multifold if it admits at least two non-equivalent decompositions P' and Q'; then the switch from P' to Q' is called a complex switch. These objects are at the root of the existence of 'complex' links. Indeed, if f is a (P,P')-simple link from N to N' and if g is a (Q',P")-simple link from N' to N", these two morphisms must compose in the category, but their composite fg may not bind a cluster from P to P"; it is then called a (P,P")-complex link from N to N". More generally, a complex link is the composite of a path of simple links binding non-adjacent clusters, separated by complex switches.
4. Iterated colimits and ramifications. If N is the colimit of a pattern P of linked objects Ni and if each Ni is the colimit of a pattern Pi , we say that N is the 2-iterated colimit of (P,(Pi)), or that (P,(Pi)) is a ramification of N of length 2.
A k-iterated colimit A is the colimit of a pattern each object of which is itself a (k-1)-iterated colimit. A k-ramification of A is the data of a decomposition of A and of a (k-1)-ramification of each component of this decomposition.
To model the hierarchical structure of a system, we define a Hierarchical Evolutive System [16] as an evolutive system in which the state-categories are hierarchical in the following sense, and the transition functors respect the level of an object:
1. A category is hierarchical if its objects are partitioned in a sequence of complexity levels 0,1,�,m, so that an object N of level n+1 is the colimit of at least one pattern formed by linked objects Ni of level n.
In this case N has also a 2-ramification down to level n-1. Indeed, each object Ni of P is itself the colimit of a pattern Pi of level n-1, so that N is a 2-iterated colimit of (P,(Pi)). Going down, N admits also ramifications arriving to lower and lower levels k; they are defined by induction, taking account at each level of the 'vertical' links from the objects of a pattern to its colimit at the upper level, and of the 'horizontal' links such as the distinguished links of the pattern.
The reductionism problem consists to determine if N can also be constructed directly in one step as the simple colimit of a 'large' pattern of level k, avoiding the intermediate levels. An analysis of the nature of the morphisms gives an access to this problem.
2. A morphism between two objects of level n+1 is called an n-simple link if it binds a cluster between two patterns of level less or equal to n. It is an n-complex link if it is the composite of n-simple links binding non-adjacent clusters, so that it is not n-simple. The existence of n-complex links necessitates that the category satisfies the Multiplicity Principle [20]:
(i) For each n, there exist objects of level n+1 which admit non-equivalent decompositions of level n ; they are said n-multifold.
(ii) An object of level n can participate in several patterns having different colimits at level n+1.
3. The level of an object is not a faithful indicator of its 'functional' complexity, which is measured by its order. The order of complexity of an object N is the smallest k such that there exists a pattern of linked objects of level k with N as its colimit. And N is p-reducible for each p greater than or equal to its order.
By definition, each object of level n+1 is n-reducible. But when is it p-reducible, for a p < n ? An important theorem to understand the structure of a complex system is the following one:
An object N of level n+1 which admits a decomposition P of level n in which all the distinguished links are (n-1)-simple is (n-1)-reducible. But it will not be (n-1)-reducible (nor a fortiori reducible to lower levels) if its decompositions of level n have some of their distinguished links which are not (n-1)-simple.
1. A strategy S on a category K consists in the following data: a set A of external elements 'to be absorbed'; a set O of objects of the category 'to be suppressed'; a set of patterns P without a colimit 'to bind' (so that they acquire a colimit); a set of cones 'to be transformed into colimit-cones' (so that their vertex becomes a colimit of their basis); a set Q of patterns with a colimit 'to decompose' (so that the pattern loses its colimit).
The complexification of K with respect to the strategy S [16] is the 'universal solution' of the problem of constructing a category K' in which the (concrete) objectives of S are realized in the most 'economical' manner.
2. To model this process, we adopt results from sketch theory: the data of S determines a special structure of sketch (cf. Appendix) and the complexification corresponds to the prototype associated to this sketch (as it is constructed by A. and C. Ehresmann in [5]). From the explicit construction we deduce in particular:
- The objects of the complexification K' are: all the objects of K which are not required to be suppressed, the elements of A, and, for each pattern P to bind a new object CP which becomes its colimit in K' (it corresponds to a higher order object that emerges by integration of the pattern in a higher unit).
- Among the morphisms, there are simple links binding clusters between patterns to bind, but also complex links obtained by composing a path of simple links binding non-adjacent clusters.
3. The complexification process can be iterated. An important result to understand how the evolution of a complex natural system is different from that of 'simple' physical system is the following theorem [20]:
If the Multiplicity Principle is satisfied, a sequence of complexifications cannot be reduced to a unique complexification with respect to a strategy integrating the successive strategies, and it leads to the emergence of objects with strictly increasing complexity orders as soon as the patterns to bind contain complex links.
1. First a MES is an Evolutive System on a continuous timescale. The state-category Kt at t represents the components of the system which exist at this date and their interactions. Thus each of its objects plays a double part:
- It acts as an emitter through its morphisms (or links) to the other objects, which represent its actions, or the messages it sends.
- It becomes a receptor via the morphisms which arrive to it and correspond to the information it receives or the constraints which are imposed to it.
The transition k(t,t') from t to t' indicates what the components at t have become at t' if they still exist, as we would point the same particular member on two successive snapshots of a social group. This functor is only 'partial' to take into account the possible suppression of components (death of a cell).
This contrasts with usual models where, if we speak, say, of a cell in an organism we consider it remains 'the same' at the different dates. Here a component as this cell will not be represented by a unique object, but by the sequence of its successive states; more precisely, a component N of the system is a maximal sequence of objects (Nt) in the state-categories, such that, for t' > t , the object Nt' is the image of Nt by the transition from t to t'. And the same for the links between components.
2. If the evolutive system is hierarchical, this definition of a component allows to understand how a component N of level n+1 can keep its identity in time though its internal organization of level n changes gradually; for instance a cell remains itself in spite of the progressive renewal of its components. Indeed, if the state Nt of N is the colimit of a pattern Pt of level n, it is possible that its state Nt' at t' > t is no more the colimit of the transformed pattern Pt' since objects of Pt can have been lost of replaced.
To measure the rate of change, we define the stability span of N at t: it is the greatest real dt such that there exists a pattern Q of components of level n whose state Qt' admits the state Nt' of N as its colimit in the state-category at t', for each t' between t and t+dt. During stability periods, this span is long, while it shortens during development or decline.
In a MES a transition comes often from a complexification process with respect to a strategy S. If N has emerged at t to bind a pattern Q , the evolutions of N and of Q remain correlated up to t+dt, but after that they may diverge. We say that N takes its own complex identity, independent from Q.
3. A Memory Evolutive System (or MES) [17] is a hierarchical evolutive system satisfying the following conditions:
- The state-categories are weighted: to each morphism is associated a positive real number, called its propagation delay; the delay of a composite fg is the sum of the delays of its factors f and g. They satisfy the Multiplicity Principle (cf. Section 3, c).
- There is a hierarchical evolutive sub-system on the same timescale, called the Memory, which develops in time with the emergence of new objects.
- The dynamics of the system is modulated by a net of evolutive sub-systems with discrete timescales, called coregulators (or CR). The components (or agents) of a CR have the same complexity level, which depends on the CR. The propagation delay of the links between agents of a CR is smaller than the length of its steps (which extends between two successive dates of its timescale).
Several CRs may have the same level, possibly with different temporalities. For instance, in a large company, the CRs could be the directions of the various branches, but also of the different departments in each of them. In a neural system, the lower CRs receive messages from the environment, and there are 'color' CRs, 'shape' CR,�; the cortex contains more and more complex associative CRs.
1. As we have said, the step of a CR extends between two successive dates t and t+d of its timescale, and is divided in several overlapping phases; the first phase, or actual present, leads to the formation of the landscape. The agents have no direct access to the system, of which a component B is observable only by a perspective which is a cluster from the pattern reduced to B to the pattern formed by the CR (in the category coproduct of the state-categories during the actual present); such a perspective is entirely determined by anyone of its links b.
The actual landscape L of the CR at t is the category whose objects are the perspectives pb corresponding to links b with a mean propagation delay less than the actual present, and coming from components B of a level adjacent to the CR and with a stability span greater than the length of the step; the morphisms from pb to a perspective pc coming from C are defined by the links from B to C in the system whose composites with c belong to pb. There is a distortion functor from the landscape to the system, mapping the perspective pb on the component B.
2. A strategy is chosen on this landscape L (using the perspectives coming from the part of the memory accessible in L), and its commands are transmitted to the effectors. The anticipated landscape for the end of the step is modeled by the complexification of L with respect to this strategy. But the objectives are not always realized.
The result is evaluated at the level of the CR by a comparison functor from the anticipated landscape to the landscape effectively constructed at the next step; it detects the errors and their possible corrections. The memorization of the strategy and its result will be an objective of the CR at this next step.
3. It is necessary to respect some temporal constraints for the step to be completed without problem. Let d(t) denote the period of the CR at t, which is the mean length of the steps of the CR preceding t (the mean being computed on all the steps covering the preceding step of a higher CR whose period is of a larger magnitude order), u(t) the mean propagation delay of the links occurring in the actual landscape of the CR and v(t) the mean stability spans of the components used in L and in the strategy. Then the structural temporal constraints of the CR are:
For almost all t (i.e., except on a set of measure 0), the magnitude order of the period is larger than that of u(t) and less than that of v(t):
If these constraints cannot be respected during several steps, there is a dyschrony for the CR. In this case, it might be necessary to later change its period for the constraints to be respected (we then speak of de/resynchronization).
1. At each date, the strategies selected on the actual landscapes of the various CRs are relayed to the system itself, via the distortion functors of these landscapes. If all the relayed strategies are realizable and compatible, the strategy S which will be realized on the system will be their union. If not, there will be a competition between these strategies, and S will result from the interplay among the strategies which will retain as many as possible of the objectives of the CRs and only eliminate those which are not compatible (whence a fracture in the corresponding landscapes). The CRs participate in this process with unequal weights depending on their level and their period.
2. For instance, let us consider two heterogeneous CRs, say a 'micro CR' of a lower level with a short period, and a 'macro CR' of a higher level with a much longer period. Both form, in their respective landscapes, very different representations of the system and in particular of each of them. The microlevel is characterized by short steps with fast change; the steps at the macrolevel are much longer and the microchanges are not transmitted to the macrolandscape in 'real time', but only known by the accumulation of their effects during the macrostep, because of the propagation delays. Thus the representation that the macroagents have of the micro CR is more and more inadequate, and the risk of fracture increases in the macrolandscape. To repair such a fracture and maintain its homeostasis, the macro CR will have to change its strategy, and possibly modify its period so that its temporal constraints be respected anew. This might result on the imposition of a new strategy to the micro CR, and later on have consequences for the whole system, e.g., causing a cascade of fractures for higher and higher CRs.
In practice, the change in higher CRs are slower to take place, but their consequences are more important, because they affect the other levels more deeply. Their fractures can also have a creative role if they force a complete reappraisal of the situation and the recourse to original strategies.
The memory plays a main role in the choice of strategies by the CRs and in their interplay: the recall of records stored in it allows to recognize objects or situations already met, and to select strategies already applied taking their results into account. And it is developed and modified to adjust to new conditions. One of the objectives of the global strategy obtained after the interplay among strategies will be the formation of new records which store the preceding situation, the strategy and its result.
1. For instance, let us describe how a new signal C issued from the environment (e.g., unknown object) or from the system itself (command of effectors, sensation,�) will be memorized. C is internally represented by the formation of a pattern P of linked components (we say it is 'activated' by C), which remains long enough in the state-categories; its objects can be direct receptors of the signal, or components related to them, such as already formed records of parts of C.
A particular CR, say E, can only detect some attributes of a signal (e.g., color, shape,� in a neural system). Thus C is observable in the actual landscape L of E only through a pattern pE of perspectives issued from a sub-pattern (possible void) PE of P. This pattern pE will be distinguished by E because it remains synchronously activated during the actual present of E. As one of the objectives of a CR is to memorize the new patterns, the following strategy of E will require that the pattern pE be binded. This is relayed to the system by the command of binding the pattern PE image of pE by the distortion functor.
We say that C has an E-record if there is a component ME in the memory which is a colimit of the pattern PE and which has a perspective mE colimit of the pattern pE of perspectives (cf. Figure 1).
At the same time, the other CRs which observe perspectives of P form records with respect to the attributes they detect. The global strategy of the system after the interplay among the strategies may bind all the corresponding ME into a colimit of P itself, called the record of C. It will emerge as a new object in the memory, and then it takes its own complex identity (cf. a, 2).
A later presentation of C will re-activate the pattern P, hence also the sub-pattern PE and its colimit ME, which will become observable in the actual landscape of E via its perspective, leading to the recognition of the attributes of C detected by E; and the same for the other CRs, so that the interplay among the strategies will bind the various ME, thus recalling the record M of C. This recall of the signal is only possible if the CRs can coordinate their actions, while respecting their respective structural temporal constraints.
Once it has been formed, the record M can participate to the memorization of a more complex signal having C as one of its parts.
2. The same process applies to the development and the memorizing of a new strategy representing a certain action, which could then be taken as one of the elements of a more complex activity. Generally, the learning of a new skill or action A will rest on its decomposition in already known simpler actions; under the effect of the interplay among the strategies of the different CRs, those will be coordinated in patterns which, being reinforced by repetition, acquire a colimit memorizing them. These new records can themselves be assembled in more complex patterns, which are memorized in the form of iterated colimits. And so on until the formation of an iterated colimit A memorizing the action.
Now, A will take its own identity, independent of the ramification having been used for constructing it initially, so that it can then be activated through various parameters for better adapting to the context. Indeed, the recall of A will be done by the unfolding of any of its ramifications, say (R,(Ri)) for a ramification of order 2. For that, different CR simultaneously will activate (through their current landscapes) objects of a pattern R having A for colimit, then, at a following stage, each one of these objects in its turn will activate one of the patterns Ri of which it is the colimit via lower CRs. The choice of the ramification is determined gradually, from top downwards: initially choice of the pattern R, then for each one of its objects, choice of a pattern Ri... and so on if the ramification goes 'deeper'. Which ramification is finally unfolded will depend on the constraints of any nature imposed by the context, and its choice will be specified or changed at each level during the realization of the action under the effect of the interplay among the strategies of the CRs, taking account of their own temporal structural constraints. If those cannot be respected, the action will fail.
For example, before knowing to walk, a child learns how to coordinate various more or less innate simple movements to stand up and advance a leg when he is held, which leads to the memorizing of the corresponding strategies in the motor areas. Then these strategies themselves are coordinated in patterns which acquire their own colimits making it possible to take a step without losing balance. And so on until the formation of a complete strategy of walking, usable under the most varied conditions [28]. But if the child tries to advance too quickly, the motor coordination is lost, and he is likely to fall.
3. The development of the memory by formation of records of increasing orders memorizing the signals, the situations or the strategies results from a succession of complexifications which also introduce the compatible (simple or complex) links between the records. In particular, the record M of a signal C can be connected by a (simple or complex) link f in the memory to a strategy A in response to this signal. A later presentation of C will recall M and, by the link f, the strategy A. This will be done by the intermediary of the different CRs and the interplay among their strategies, as indicated above; with a risk of fracture if the structural and temporal constraints of some CRs cannot be respected.
For example, the sight of a prey C will have no effect for a satiated animal. But if the animal is hungry, it starts a strategy to catch C; the realization requires a coordination between visual CRs which determine the location and the size of the prey, and motor CRs which control the movements to catch it. But if the prey moves very quickly, or in an unforeseen way, information coming from the visual CRs on its position will arrive too late at the motor CRs for them to adjust the movement, and the prey will escape.
1. We have just seen that the development of the memory is done by iteration of the process of complexification. The MES satisfying the Principle of Multiplicity, a succession of complexifications is not reducible to a single complexification and it leads to the emergence of components of increasing orders, connected by simple or complex links (cf Section 3, d-3). This explains why any representation of the system by the traditional models based on differential equations (or dynamic systems) can be valid only "locally and temporarily" (as suggested by Rosen [39]; cf also Matsuno [35]). Indeed, such a model can describe only one particular process of complexification entirely determined by the initial state (the category that one complexifies) and the strategy (which fixes the parameters), and not a not-reducible succession of complexifications, in which objects of increasing orders emerge at each stage.
2. Remains the problem to know how the properties of a component of a higher level are connected to those of the elements of lower levels having been used to construct it, and how new properties can emerge for such a component compared to the lower levels.
- Let us consider initially the passage from n to n+1. A component of level n+1 is constructed as the colimit of a pattern of linked objects of level n; therefore its properties are determined by these objects for they correspond to the collective links of this pattern. In the same way for an n-simple link, which binds a cluster of the preceding level. The situation is different for an n-complex link. Such a link from N to N" is the composite of a (P,P')-simple link g from N to N' and of a (Q',P")-simple link g' from N' to N", with a complex switch between P' and Q'. The properties of this link are derived from the local properties of the two clusters of level n that g and g' bind, but also from the fact that the patterns P' and Q' have the same colimit. This last condition means that both patterns impose on each object of level equal or lower than n the same constraints, which takes into account the entire level n. Thus the constraints imposed on N and N" by the complex link gg' cannot be reduced to local constraints imposed on their components in P and P", but emerge from the total structure of level n.
- This has consequences for the passage from level n to the level n+2. An object A of level n+2 is obtained in two stages starting from level n as the 2-iterated colimit of a 2-ramification (R,(Ri)). So if some distinguished links in R are complex, it results from what precedes that they impose on A properties emerging from the total structure of level n, and not coming only from the 'local' properties of the components of A of this level n (as would assert the 'hard' reductionistic program).
- And the situation reproduces for the passage to higher levels. Thus, the lower levels make it possible to construct a higher level, but on the condition of utilizing for each element the holistic structure of each intermediate level and not only the 'local' structure of its own components of the lower levels. We can speak of an emergentist reductionnism (specifying the concept suggested by Mario Bunge [7]).
The response of a neuronal system to a simple signal is the activation of a specialized neuron; for example, in the visual areas, there exist neurons activated by a segment of a certain direction ('simple' cells), or by an angle ('complex' cells),... [27]. But more complex signals, apart from a few exceptions (e.g., a neuron representing a hand holding a banana in the monkey [24]), do not have their own "grandmother neuron". The development of neuronal imagery shows that complex signals, or motor programs, are represented by the short synchronization of a specific assembly of neurons. And learning would consist in the formation of such synchronous assemblies, under the effect of the reinforcement of the synapses between their neurons, while following the rule already suggested by Hebb in 1949 [26]: a synapse between two neurons is strengthened if the two neurons are active at the same time, and its force decreases if one is active while the other is not.
These processes can be described in a MES modeling a neuronal system [21], and this model makes it possible to understand how they form the basis for the development of increasingly complex mental objects, enjoying a great flexibility.
In such a MES, the state-categories will be obtained by successive complexifications of a category of neurons defined as follows:
1. We consider the graph whose vertices are the neurons at the time t, and the arrows f from N to N' are the synapses having N and N' respectively as their presynaptic and post-synaptic neurons. The category of paths of this graph is weighted, the weight of a synaptic path being connected to the probability that the activity of N (determined by its instantaneous frequency of impulses) is propagated to N', and to the propagation delay of this activation. The category of neurons at t is obtained from this category by identifying two synaptic paths from N to N' with the same weight.
2. An assembly of neurons is represented by a pattern P in such a category of neurons. Its synchronization is then modeled by the emergence of a colimit of P in a complexification of the category; this colimit operates like a single 'neuron of a higher order' integrating the assembly, and which takes its own identity; it is called a neuron of category (or cat-neuron). The construction of the complexification determines which are 'the good' links between cat-neurons (namely the simple and complex links), therefore between synchronous assemblies of neurons, which solves a problem raised in Neurosciences [34]. And, by iteration of the process of complexification, one can define cat-neurons of order 2 representative of assemblies of assemblies of neurons, then of order 3 etc..., modeling increasingly complex mental objects, or cognitive processes of a higher order. That makes it possible to describe explicitly how an "algebra of mental objects" (in the sense of Changeux [10]) develops. In particular, extension of the memory, under the effect of different CRs, leads to the emergence of cat-neurons of increasing orders. Among them, the cat-neurons which 'memorize' the strategies carried out and their results form the procedural memory.
The neuronal system of a higher animal will be able to classify the items it recognizes by the formation of classes of invariance.
1. For a lower CR, say E, this classification will be only 'pragmatic': two items 'are acted' as equivalent when their traces in the landscape activate the same pattern of agents: for example, it is the same pattern of agents of a 'color' CR which is activated by all the blue objects. (This is modeled [18] using the concept of shape as defined in Borsuk "shape theory" [12].)
2. But this classification will take a 'meaning' only at the level of a higher CR, with a longer period, which can determine what have in common the different items that E has classified together, and memorize such a class in the form of an object called an E-concept. This object will be modeled by the limit of the pattern of agents of E activated by all the items of the class, and its various instances form the class of invariance of the concept (for example, for the blue color-concept, all representations of blue objects).
3. The CR-concepts relating to the different CRs will form a Semantic Memory which is developed under the effect of successive complexifications, by addition of concepts classifying several attributes (such as a 'blue triangle'), then of more abstract concepts obtained as limits of patterns of such 'concrete' concepts, linked by complex links. A concept can be seen as a prototype for a class of items having a "family air" (in the sense of Wittgenstein), and it does not suppose the existence of a language. The activation of a concept rests on a double indetermination: initially choice of a particular instance of the concept, then choice of a particular decomposition of this instance. It results from it that the introduction of a semantics makes the interplay among the strategies of the different CRs still more flexible; indeed the procedural memory will become semantic, so that, in higher CRs, the choice of a strategy can be made in the form of a concept, without specifying a particular object of the class of invariance of the concept. This gives a new degree of freedom in the formation of the effective strategy on the system, since it makes it possible to activate the instance best adapted taking account of the strategies reflected by other CRs. For example the command for lifting an object will be modulated according to the shape and the size of the object to lift.
4. During the evolution of a MES, regrouping of emerging components and links can lead to the formation of new CRs of increasingly high levels, developing particular aptitudes.
In particular, a MES equipped with a semantic memory can develop 'conscious' CRs, able to have an internal view of the semantics and of the concept of time. We propose to characterize such a CR by the following capacities (cf. the article on consciousness in [21]):
- retrospectively to extend its current landscape to lower levels of the recent past by an increase in attention, in particular after a fracture;
- to operate a process of abduction in this extended landscape to find possible causes of the fracture;
- to plan a choice of strategies covering several future steps by the formation of 'virtual' landscapes in which the strategies (selected in the form of concepts) can be tested without energy cost.
From the neurological point of view, these properties rest on the existence of functional loops between various areas of the brain, which form what Edelman [14] calls the "loop of consciousness".
The representation of a mental state by a cat-neuron of a higher order leads to a new approach of the problem of the identity between mental states and physical states of the brain.
Indeed, a physical state, such as it is seen by medical imagery, corresponds to the activation of a simple assembly of neurons (modeled by a cat-neuron of order 1). But a cat-neuron of a higher order is not directly reducible at such an assembly: its activation requires several stages, passing by the intermediate levels of one of its ramifications down to the level of the physical states; and, at each stage, it can be propagated by one or the other of the not-equivalent decompositions of multifold objects, with complex switches between them whose origin can be random (noise), quantum (according to Eccles [13]) or controlled. Although this process represents a well determined physical 'event', it is not identified with a physical 'state': mental states emerge in a dynamic way (through the gradual unfolding of a ramification) of the physical states of the brain, without being identical to them. This would define an emergentist monism in the sense of Bunge [7].
Acknowledgments. The drafting of this article profited from stimulating exchanges with Jerry Chandler, George Farre and Brian Josephson.
- the other objects are: the elements of A and an object CP for each pattern P to bind. Moreover, for each object Ni of such a pattern P, we add an arrow di from Ni to CP, so that the family (di) defines a cone cP with basis P and vertex CP.
- the distinguished cones of the sketch are: the 'added' cones cP and the cones to be transformed into colimits; and one imposes that the objects of O and the colimits of the patterns Q be transformed into initial objects.
The complexification is the full subcategory of the prototype of this sketch (in the sense of [5]) having for objects the non-initial objects.
“With its lucid introduction and conclusion, clear translations oftexts first published in French, and useful notes on the contributors, this collection will undoubtedly be of considerable use not only to specialists, but also in advanced undergraduate and graduate classrooms.” · European History Quarterly
“Overall, this is a gracefully written, groundbreaking study sure to spark lively debate in the years to come. Even though the individual contributors’ approaches are often directly critical of one another, the essays are logically and coherently linked. Readers will appreciate the genuinely comparative perspective, which the authors have brought to bear on France’s role in a wider European drama.” · French Review
“The book provides a useful antidote to contemporary versions of the stalemate society thesis found in analyses which separate ‘national-populism’ from ‘generic’ inter-war fascism, identifying it as a familiar response to crisis in France and implicitly reviving the myth of France’s ‘allergy’ to fascism. The fluid analytical perspectives outlined here, in particular by Paxton and Dobry, present a nuanced counterpoint to the teleology of historical analyses shaped more by outcomes than the indeterminacy of messy reality.” · E-Extreme
“An important collection...the authors adopt different methodologies and viewpoints, disagreements that thankfully do not degenerate into semantics, thanks to tight editorial control. It is these ongoing debates which lend freshness and colour to this volume.” · Journal of Contemporary European Studies
France's response to the rise of European fascism during the 1930s, and subsequently to the Nazi occupation 1940-44, has been a difficult subject for the nation’s historians. The consensus amongst leading French authorities on the period has been the claim that France was largely 'immune' to fascism in the 1930s, and that the Vichy regime was an aberration produced by defeat and occupation. Over the last 30 years, this position has gradually been undermined, mainly through the work of foreign scholars, but it nonetheless remains intact. This volume brings together for the first time the leading critics of the standard French interpretation, who have used these essays to refine and update their positions, or to move the debate onto new terrain.
Brian Jenkins is Research Professor in the Department of French at the University of Leeds. His doctoral thesis was on the Paris riots of February 6th 1934, and he has recently returned to the study of the French extreme Right between the world wars. He has also written extensively on French nationalism, and on theories of nationalism, notably as the author of Nationalism in France: Class and Nation since 1789 (1990) and as co-editor of Nation and Identity in Contemporary Europe (1996). He is co-editor of the Journal of Contemporary European Studies.
Picture A barrier within the West Financial institution town of Hebron. With barbed-wire coils, hills scarred by patrol roads and climate-crushed guard posts, Israel is shaped like handful of other international locations by its borders. Credit Oded Balilty/Involved Press To guard the peace process, America strictly constrained its community criticism of Israeli governing administration procedures, building Washington an enabler to the quite processes of de facto annexation that were destroying prospective customers for the full autonomy and realization in the reputable rights on the Palestinian persons that were the official purpose of the negotiations.
The important thing is to know the Actual physical and emotional factors that go into producing that decision. Remaining curious, empathic, and extensive with all your questions helps you to entirely have an understanding of their situational context - to see whatever they see, to feel what they feel. Armed with their context and psychological content material Plainly in your mind, you could then tease out what we get in touch with their worth code: the things they thought of and why the
Then you can head out and build a much better product or service or easier or much better method of using the product or service preferred and head out and have before the industry and start capturing it with a much better solution.
Also, I do think a doorway hanging tool would only be applied, regardless of whether cost-free, by a small portion of the percent of the number of shoppers in The shop. Why would Household Depot give worthwhile shelf Place to this type of lower quantity merchandise?
Acquiring done these milkshake interviews (and plenty of Many others like them across assorted marketplaces), just one Section of the Tale desires much more detail. As you would possibly suspect, we just can not go up to a shopper and check with them, "excuse me, what task did you employ the service of that milkshake to try and do?" The key to revealing Careers is in the strategy of uncovering the consumer Tale of how they selected the item. We make this happen by slowing down The patron and possess them Perform out how their selection-earning course of action unfolded within their mind (like scenes within a storyboard).
A great summary of used marketing intelligence married to enterprise intelligence. You would like very good purchaser data?
Just don't get carried away and switch the main focus faraway from the potential customer and onto your business. "It's not about The sellerIt really is about the customer," says Sant. you could look here His rule of thumb: Be certain The manager summary mentions The shopper's title three times as often as your business's name.
One-on-a single engagement is vital to winning On this practical experience financial state. IBM market professionals explore the shocking techniques cognitive can help corporations adapt speedily and superior join with clients.
In an effort to attract a conclusion one particular have to examine alternative ways of growing, marketing and advertising and distributing their manufacturer- that is precisely what we will take into account when analyzing the Château de Margaux business enterprise product.
Amazing report and insights! Gets us considering! Now - is not this what the most recent 'Analytics' trend is about !!!??? You are attempting to decipher 'a little something' regarding your client base and Think about that 'some thing' (just after exhaustive research/remodelling) for An even bigger share on the market!
Marketing and advertising human being should really assess whether The client is opportunity or not. For this just one need to fully grasp the true requirements of the customer and his obtaining electric power. This applies to any product predicament consumer, industrial or significant tech products/task or support.
I feel ideally, you being an entrepreneur with a business or idea want to ascertain in various marketplaces what people are shopping for and whatever they are applying items for.
This Milkshake Tale is actually superb. A single has to grasp these basic details and assess them diligently to earn a good market place share.
But failures of leadership during the experience of huge pressures brought Oslo crashing down. Nowadays no one implies that a negotiated two-state “solution” is possible. Essentially the most optimistic insist that, for some transient period, it should be conceivable.
Beneath the Bodily proof, the organization has adopted The purpose of gross sales approach and stock management software program to deal with the inventory and needs offer in the apparels inside the merchants. This manages the outlets’ Room successfully, earning the Area to get utilized effectively to the product or service display.
Sadly the case experiments from HBR aren't available for Absolutely free, There's another, but focused on Small business Design Canvas Examples not case scientific studies in any respect, anyway it’s a terrific possibility to master, instances are altering, and now you can accessibility without cost (endlessly), to this open up and understanding democratized System manufactured with Innovative Commons, information is energy, and you have it! Appreciate and share.
Pioneered by HBS faculty and one of several highlights in the HBS experience, the case method is usually a profound educational innovation that provides the best problems confronting main organizations, nonprofits, and federal government corporations—entire Together with the constraints and incomplete information and facts found in genuine enterprise concerns—and spots the coed from the position of the choice maker.
When I was CEO of Arrow Electronics, the corporate whose procedure was the seed for this fictionalized case study, administrators who failed the position-playing routines weren’t allowed to do solo performance opinions.
One Quit, a leading British isles convenience retailer, has been given a double digit gross sales carry by utilizing automated planograms for localized demand from customers.
It is best when you make on your own a brief listing of four Source or 5 bullet points that you're gonna attempt to address in the study. In the event you Be sure that all research refers again to these then you will not be far Erroneous.
Giordano International delivers the wide selection of Adult males and women relaxed dressing goods within the marketplaces.It provides lively shades and fits, stylish cuts shirts and jeans to the customers being a Section of producing a product price proposition.It provides the outfits selection below the several types in Asia-pacific, the classification features the Giordano, Giordano Ladies, Giordano junior and Giordano females.
Howdy! From time to time go to the website individuals who study in Harvard may possibly face additional resources the situation the place they may have to compose a case study and that's why they find for the harvard company college case scientific studies solutions .
Foremost United kingdom usefulness retailer A single Cease optimizes macro Room to access keep Place immediately and properly. Read the case study to learn more.
To start your case study investigation, the organization’s founding, essential activities, structure, and development needs to be go discovered. Making use of the data you gathered in step one, the evaluation with the case study should be executed by this link examining and building a history of the worth enhancement functions in the business. As an example, the business may very well be inadequate in merchandise growth, but impressive in advertising and marketing.
“Working on it,” Ekdahl replied. “But as you already know, it’s not nearly the numbers. It’s also about making sure We've got the correct people in the best positions.”
Keep track of down and current the strategies that healthy to the corporation’s concern and aids in reaching wanted alternate options.
This can set your dilemma solving skills towards the exam and assist you to engage in interesting discussions with classmates and professors.
Overview: It is a simple introduction in the participation with the emphasis on difficulty and outcomes. It need to sell the reader on the price of digging farther while in the specifics within your choice.
The common pricing technique is predicated around the principle of Charge-leadership and economies of scale.It sells its products during the marketplaces at decreased price ranges with higher benefit and top quality from the apparels.
A huge player in britain banking sector has found some exceptionally CTR and conversion for income with this method. I assume if you are sending them to Fb web page from Adverts, then to your web site, it possibly really worth capturing those that fall from your website and re-concentrate on them with a far more certain advert.
Prior to I keep on, I wish to mention that even if this marketing campaign experienced built me $one,000 straight absent, I knew I wouldn’t maintain marketing it. A lot more on that inside a 2nd.
Right after midnight, Mr. Tucker deleted his first tweet, then posted a picture of it stamped Together with the word “false” for posterity. It didn't obtain A lot awareness.
Acquiring arrived on this page you've in all probability surfed the world wide web and scoured books and journals searching for the historical past of SWOT Analysis. The easy response towards the question Exactly what is SWOT?
A very best-in-course LCD video wall solution Together with the market's thinnest bezel and outstanding picture high quality
Once again, notice the amount of big difference a alter with your advertisement might have, even if two other variables are the identical therefore you haven’t changed his response your targeting.
I signed as many as Social Advertisement Ninja And that i’ve discovered it extremely enlightening. I’ll even be diving into STM (both on the advice).
I can’t observe conversions. I have my company Definitely no idea which ads are bringing in real consumers. click here to find out more I ought to study other resources (or anybody while in the comments?) with how I could
Male roles in promotion are redefined as well – British business of the cleanser identified as Ajax presents handsome Males cleansing kitchen area with this product; in another illustration a man is striping for his girlfriend and after that throws his clothing from the washing machine called Ariston.
I do know I’m likely to continue with my membership in addition, purely due to the fact PPC strategies are good simpler to replicate than a financially rewarding website or Search engine marketing marketing campaign.
I recognize and concur with check my site the checklist creating facet, but I’m curious about FB limitations with the spot web page.
You furthermore mght analyzed sending folks to the Faceboook webpage to have likes.. Then you definitely also examined sending persons straight to the product revenue web page Together with the “get now” button. Is this suitable?
Ladies are sites presented as liberated, robust and impartial of social anticipations and Adult men are demonstrated although washing or cleaning.
Establish whether or not the company is in a strong competitive position and select if it might proceed at its existing rate effectively. In an effort to establish a organization's company stage approach for your personal case study evaluation, you need to identify and price the organization's mission, aims, and company system. Evaluate the firm's line of business and its own subsidiary providers and acquisitions. Also, you will have to discussion the pros and cons of your company technique.
Regretably the case experiments from HBR are not accessible for Absolutely free, there is another, but focused on Enterprise Product Canvas Illustrations not case experiments in the slightest degree, anyway it’s an incredible chance to study, situations are switching, and now you can entry without spending a dime (endlessly), to this open and awareness democratized System made with Imaginative Commons, know-how is power, and you've got it! Delight in and share.
Case research really should not be confused with qualitative study and they may be based on any combination of quantitative and qualitative proof.One-issue study supplies the statistical framework for generating inferences from quantitative case-study info.[2][six]
Marimekko is usually a Finnish textile and apparel design organization Started in 1951. RELEX helps Marimekko to handle its elaborate and worldwide multichannel fashion provide chain.
In analysis it's essential to have to have to discover the issues that affect the longer term functions and administration of a firm and what steps needs to be taken for people complications.
Search more than your investigation when you have done creating. Critique your work to be sure every single measure was coated. Look for grammatical faults, poor sentence composition, or alternate matters which may be enhanced.
Plantasjen is Scandinavia’s greatest chain of backyard centres and an established RELEX customer. With 110 retailers over the location, and an annual earnings of around €433M it really is the marketplace chief in Norway, Sweden, and Finland.
Tobacco goods producer Imperial Tobacco supports shops with an improved group understanding, driving focused and consumer concentrated insights.
Another way of understanding the exterior natural environment with the agency in Berendsen Island is to try and do a PESTEL - Political, Financial, Social, Technological, Environmental & Legal analysis of the natural environment the business operates in. You'll want to make a list of variables which have substantial influence on the Group and things that generate expansion while in the industry.
Investigate smartphone and social media use in halthcare and to apply, ethical authorized basic principle to Health care
Give your sample time for you to the sections you discover challenging to get ready. Precursory sections and auxiliary sections are commonly geared up past.
An Approach to Case Analysis Wintertime 2006 What exactly is a Case Study? A case study is a description of an real administrative situation involving a decision to be made or a problem for being solved. It might a real problem that really took place just as explained, or parts happen to be disguised for good reasons of privateness. Most case experiments are written in this type of way the reader usually takes the place of your supervisor whose accountability my latest blog post is to produce decisions to help you fix the trouble. In Pretty Learn More Here much all case scientific tests, a call need to be produced, While That call might be to go away the problem as it's and do very little. The Case Strategy being a Learning Tool The case method of analysis is often a learning Software through which pupils and Instructors be involved in direct discussion of case scientific tests, instead of the lecture method, where the Instructor speaks and learners hear and take notes. In the case approach, learners instruct themselves, that site Using the Instructor currently being an Lively guide, as an alternative to merely a chatting head delivering information. The focus is on pupils learning by way of their joint, co-operative exertion. Assigned cases are very first geared up by learners, and this preparation kinds the basis for class discussion underneath the course of the Teacher. Students find out, often unconsciously, how to evaluate a dilemma, how to help make conclusions, and how to orally argue a point of view. Using this technique, In addition they learn the way to Assume concerning the problems faced by an administrator.
Consider guide through the desk of content to know very well Recommended Reading what bit of composing would go where. Divide sections and with Each individual area establish headings and subheadings accordingly, Along with the prepared advice in sequence. Seek to keep your producing movement and ideas linked. You may either revise it by on your own or question your university to make it happen for and inquire how they read and recognize the text of case study analysis paper. Through this process, mistakes are often skipped for the reason that often cases are assessed hurriedly. Additionally, it transpires from time to time that the problems are missed due to their complexity. Often, you feel countless burdens on you that you simply conclude The end result with no performing sufficient steps.
The truly successful intangible motivation actions need a whole lot of time, attention and effort. Nonetheless, the impact of their implementation greatly stimulates the event of the corporation, ensures the stability and expanding earnings. In order to prepare such gatherings, just one must established the aims for commitment advancement (involvement of workforce in company innovations; social safety of staff members; raising on the qualification and Qualified passions go on the staff members).
I’ve also ran into somebody listed here who gave the impression to be performing very effectively by means of higher quantity banner advertisements on higher visitors web sites – also in the courting specialized niche. He’d been spherical the world wide web block for a decade and tried out anything and gravitated toward ppc and ads. There need to be a thing in it.
The Problem SoundCloud operates around the world, enabling people to upload twelve hrs of audio content to its platform just about every minute. Just about every audio file have to be transcoded and saved in various formats.
A current market-foremost offering of LED video clip partitions with a wide range of pixel pitches, resolutions and applications
Although what I’m about to share Within this write-up is going to be really focused on paid visitors, you will discover numerous insights for whoever has no interest in carrying out the same.
would you immediate your PPC traffic to your own personal tailor made landing web page or directly to the affiliate marketers present webpage?
Problems in differentiating gender roles in the modern societies is often a wonderful illustration of the damaging social results of making use of stereotypes. A division of gender roles is deeply rooted within the social archetypes. In the past, the patriarchy was a dominant family members product. Through the ages Adult males happen to be regarded as economical vendors, profession-focused, assertive and impartial, whereas Ladies are already why not find out more shown as small-situation employees, loving wives and moms, accountable for boosting children top article and accomplishing housework. Currently a family product relies alternatively on the partnership than on patriarchy and girls have much more rights and options over the labor market place.
I put them to make use of to advertise my Facebook webpage and to increase likes and was quite shocked how very well it performed And the way specific you company website can run your adverts.
I am aware Google and also other platforms have limitations. Some don’t permit particular networks. Some don’t permit affiliate features. Some don’t allow for pages that immediately begin to Enjoy a online video after you land on them.
Or To put it differently the greater you set in, the more you’re more likely to get out monetarily. Fantastic for someone like me that is happy to perform the ‘effort’ in return for the big money. For visuals, don’t decide everything that’s too Qualified. I’ve found pictures which can be a bit quirky for being the top. One example is, utilizing the free inventory images web-site here, I pulled up the next selections:
It really is a smart idea to enable it to be a registration site for purchasers to generate a summary of your consumers, and you can place the Fb conversion pixel on that site.
How can which make any feeling? I'm wondering Should click over here now the sequence in which focusing on criteria had been selected may have designed an influence, but I didn’t monitor that at enough time. It just would seem extremely odd…
to acquire this Resource to profit on Facebook, but even just for just one month of use, you’re heading to get a ton of insights which should accelerate your Discovering system.
These kinds of system also will allow The a knockout post client to shop on the go, hence increasing the ambiance and ease of your stores.Furthermore, the payment method is electric, utilizing a number of playing cards in addition to the loyalty cards invest in which offers discounted to The shoppers.
You're partly suitable! You surely want to incorporate a summary at the conclusion of your case study. You should provide doable solutions but not always a resolution towards the case by itself.
Ah, I'd Actually thought you collaborated with John on that submit for a few purpose. Have to have just been how he wrote it…sneaky. Will do!
As I stated I’ve hardly ever bought serious with Facebook advertisements but This is certainly exactly what I’ve been reading through, be very good to find out how you truthful in your future case study right after possessing ran some visitors. Better of luck!
Right before I keep on, I desire to claim that even if this campaign experienced built me $one,000 straight away, I understood I wouldn’t continue to keep advertising it. Extra on that in the second.
So that you analyzed a handful of different things.. You setup an AD to ship anyone on to your e-mail decide in record in which you would perform up to the item offer.
The problem is people may Enroll in an emaillist and buy the solution numerous months later on so how can I monitor?
I really begin to see the News feed solution Once i’m not utilizing the Energy Editor. Until I’m remaining stupid and baffling it for something else.
I’m fired up to fall some bucks and check out out these techniques. If only due to the fact I really like looking at stats tick in excess of!
I had planned on working with this Instrument for 1 thirty day period only, but I wound up making use of it for about a minute. The main reason I paid out for it to begin with was to get far more insights into the information that Alexa currently has. By default, Alexa demonstrates you 5 text or phrases which are possible driving traffic to any Internet Get the facts site. You can see this at no cost while not having an account. Nonetheless, by using a pro membership, they are saying you'll be able to see lots additional of the data.
Or if I misunderstood, In addition, you couldn’t just market a advertising advert to a advertising webpage after which you can hope for people to join a relationship web page. Sorry if I didn’t rather get you…
Likewise I happen to be examining about websites which include social advertisement ninja that promises quite beneficial Perception about which original site adverts are more worthwhile, I wished to get some responses about social ad ninja in particular, and as well any suggestions you could potentially give me to get started with my Fb strategies, like I explained I’m new and I believed This may be a very good spot to start out.
I place them to make use of to promote my Facebook webpage and to enhance likes and was pretty shocked how properly it executed find and how specific you could run your ads.
andy states: more information August three, 2013 at 5:42 pm Excellent publish Glen, you also suggested ‘Stack That cash’ Discussion board with your post, I had a examine their signup site and dithered about if I should really sign up for up or not, but at last signed up. I have been darting all around visit the website the internet finding up smaller affiliate tidbits here and there, but wow ‘Stack That cash’ forum definitely is full of terrific affiliate information and expertise from These generating the bucks … that a single link With this website has finally put me on to some no-nonsense affiliate information and facts, and very well truly worth each and every dollar of the membership, I have already been reading through the ‘Stack That Money’ Discussion board stable all weekend, thanks Glen!
Not very! You'll want to start your case study study by searching For brand spanking new info. As you may well use resources you already have, broadening your scope initially will allow you to uncover various components of your subject that you may not have regarded Formerly. Pick out A different response!
To make the matters even better, you can currently be in a position to get the cash advance online and thus really save on time. This implies that you can be in a position to access our loans at any time and location as long as you are online. If the cash advance loan in 04853 North Haven, ME requested is approved, it will be transferred electronically to your bank account and further save on your time.
Like most children, my kiddos get really excited for Halloween. Between getting to pick out a fun costume to parade around in, parties being thrown at school and friends houses, and all of that sweet, sugary and sleep reducing candy, what’s not to love?! They get even more excited when I decorate our house for each holiday. I admit that I’m not always as into decorating for everything as they are. Let’s face it; it means more work to add to our already busy Mom schedule, more stuff to clean up and more money to spend. But, I do believe it’s worth the extra effort when I see how happy it makes them. I truly treasure this time in their lives where they have so much wonder and enthusiasm for all of the little things. I was able to score some amazing deals on Halloween decorations this year without having to leave my couch- Amazon for the win! All of these products are also easy to put up and take down. Happy Halloween!
Succulent plants have become so popular within the last few years and can be used all over your house. I love sitting them by the sink in my kitchen or bathroom. You can also transfer them after Halloween to a different pot for the next holiday or give them as a teacher gift!
I love decorations that are festive, but still fall into my style of what I have around the house already. This cute wall sign can be displayed anywhere in your house or on the front door. The burlap bow gives me modern farmhouse vibes!
These pillow covers are so cute and such a good deal right now! They would look awesome on an entryway bench or for your kiddo to hang onto during those scary movie nights!
This cauldron is so cute to sit by the front door filled with candy for your trick or treaters. I’m thinking it could also be used at St. Patty’s Day to fill up with “gold”? I love when I can reuse items throughout the year!
How cute are these ghost lights? They can be hung around your front door or on your front porch. I love how colorful and friendly looking they are. You can get into the Halloween spirit and keep it less scary for your little guys!
Who else loves buffalo plaid? One of my favorite things to change during the holidays is my dining room table runner. It’s easy to do and makes a big difference in the room. This one is super cute, comes in all different colors and is an amazing price!
I think holiday light projectors are so much fun! Add some scary music in the background, and it gives such a spooky and fun vibe! This one can be used indoors or outdoors!
I love everything about these lights and they have amazing reviews! They are perfect to add to your front porch décor to add an orange glow. I could see reusing them for a birthday party, too. They come with a timer, remote and are priced right!
What little boy doesn’t love trains? This is such a fun and cute decoration to sit anywhere in your house- a bookshelf, mantle, etc. The possibilities are endless!
This is a cute and easy way to spruce up your front door for Halloween. Its minimum effort but looks fun and welcoming! Plus, it comes with 3 pieces for under $11!
Halloween is one of the most fun times of the year, and if you ask my kids, it ranks just under Christmas. If you’re at a loss for ideas and you need that free 2-day shipping, check out these top-rated costumes on Amazon!
Baby lobster costume: How stinking adorable is this? Plus, it’s warm too! The reviews are great and this is one you could keep and reuse or share.
Lil’ Peacock: Any babe could strut his or her stuff in this darling costume. Make sure to check the size chart before buying.
Wonder Woman: I love the total girl power going on with this costume! The price is great and ships free with your $25 order. Over 1,000 reviews give this a thumbs up.
Police Uniform: My son got this for his birthday and and has worn it for the past TWO Halloweens. It’s a total favorite in our house, especially when friends and cousins come over. And over 2,000 reviewers agree!
Frozen Inspired Costume: Princess fans will feel like the real deal in this top-rated costume that I’m sure will be loved well after Halloween.
Astronaut: Speaking of the real deal, this costume is legit. Now all you need is a rocket, because this kid is going places. (I love the reviews on this one…so many people included photos!)
NFL Football player: kids can choose their favorite team and it comes with a helmet, jersey, chin strap, and iron-on numbers. And the price is a steal!
T-Rex: Be the terror of the territory with this awesome T-Rex suit. Plus it’s got practically 1,000 five-star reviews!
Full-body skeleton: Keep it simple this Halloween and still make a statement. You could even go for a Coco theme with some cool face paint!
Bathroom vanities design option come with brass faucet bath sink and top granite bathroom vanities plus wooden doors bathroom vanities along with wooden legs bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities decorating selection come with stainless faucet bath sink and top marble bathroom vanities plus wooden door bathroom vanities along with wooden drawers bathroom vanities as well as bathroom vanities painted black.
Greeting folks, we just brought you foremost bathroom vanities design collection, which offers with 22 ideas also covers bathroom vanities decorating selection as well as bathroom vanities concept design also brass faucet bath sink. It also includes wooden door bathroom vanities as well as top marble bathroom vanities also bathroom vanities decor pictures you are be able to discover in this writing. Without further ado, let's get deeper.
First we got bathroom vanities design option come with brass faucet bath sink and top granite bathroom vanities plus wooden doors bathroom vanities along with wooden legs bathroom vanities, as well as after that is bathroom vanities design concept with brass faucet bath sink and white ceramic bath sink and wooden door bathroom vanities and bathroom vanities decorating selection come with stainless faucet bath sink and top marble bathroom vanities plus wooden door bathroom vanities along with wooden drawers bathroom vanities as well as bathroom vanities painted black. It also includes bathroom vanities design ideas as well as bathroom vanities design pictures to bring this subsection even more.
Moreover, this also includes bathroom vanities decor with brass faucet bath sink and top marble bathroom vanities and wooden doors bathroom vanities along with wooden drawers bathroom vanities also wooden legs bathroom vanities and bathroom vanities styling ideas featuring brass faucet bath sink and top marble bathroom vanities and wooden doors bathroom vanities together with wooden drawers bathroom vanities also 17 pictures more which we already collected into this awesome gallery of foremost bathroom vanities design collection you are be able to surf after the break. Have a great day.
Bathroom vanities design concept with brass faucet bath sink and white ceramic bath sink and wooden door bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities decor with brass faucet bath sink and top marble bathroom vanities and wooden doors bathroom vanities along with wooden drawers bathroom vanities also wooden legs bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities styling ideas featuring brass faucet bath sink and top marble bathroom vanities and wooden doors bathroom vanities together with wooden drawers bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities decorating ideas features brass faucet bath sink and top granite bathroom vanities and wooden drawers bathroom vanities together with wooden doors bathroom vanities as well as wooden legs bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities design inspiration featuring stainless faucet bath sink and top granite bathroom vanities and wooden drawers bathroom vanities along with wooden doors bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities ideas features brass faucet bath sink and top granite bathroom vanities plus wooden doors bathroom vanities together with wooden drawers bathroom vanities and also bathroom vanities painted white.
Bathroom vanities decor pictures come with stainless faucet bath sink and top granite bathroom vanities and wooden doors bathroom vanities together with wooden legs bathroom vanities also bathroom vanities painted white.
Bathroom vanities decor selection come with stainless faucet bath sink and wooden drawers bathroom vanities plus wooden rack bathroom vanities together with wooden legs bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities design plan featuring brass faucet bath sink and white ceramic bath sink plus wooden doors bathroom vanities together with wooden legs bathroom vanities as well as bathroom vanities painted brown.
Bathroom vanities design come with wooden doors bathroom vanities and wooden drawer bathroom vanities and wooden legs bathroom vanities together with bathroom vanities painted dark also brass faucet bath sink.
Bathroom vanities design layout with brass faucet bath sink and white ceramic bath sink and wooden doors bathroom vanities along with wooden legs bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities decorating inspiration featuring stainless faucet bath sink and white ceramic bath sink and wooden doors bathroom vanities together with wooden legs bathroom vanities also bathroom vanities painted white.
Bathroom vanities concept design with brass faucet bath sink and wooden drawers bathroom vanities and wooden doors bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities design alternative come with stainless faucet bath sink and wooden doors bathroom vanities plus wooden drawers bathroom vanities along with wooden legs bathroom vanities as well as bathroom vanities painted dark.
Bathroom vanities design ideas with white ceramic bath sink and wooden door bathroom vanities plus wooden base legs bathroom vanities together with bathroom vanities painted brown and also brass faucet bath sink.
Bathroom vanities inspiration design come with stainless faucet bath sink and top marble bathroom vanities plus wooden drawers bathroom vanities together with wooden doors bathroom vanities as well as wooden legs bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities decor ideas with brass faucet bath sink and white ceramic bath sink and wooden doors bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities design pictures with stainless faucet bath sink and top granite bathroom vanities and wooden drawer bathroom vanities along with wooden doors bathroom vanities and also wooden legs bathroom vanities and bathroom vanities painted white.
Bathroom vanities design style come with brass faucet bath sink and white ceramic bath sink and wooden doors bathroom vanities.
Bathroom vanities decorating style features brass faucet bath sink and white ceramic bath sink and wooden doors bathroom vanities together with wooden legs bathroom vanities.
Labels : Bathroom Vanities Decorating Selection. Bathroom Vanities Concept Design. Brass Faucet Bath Sink. Wooden Door Bathroom Vanities. Top Marble Bathroom Vanities.
1 pica is exactly 12 points. In SI units the size of a pica depends on how large a point is. A PostScript point is 1/72 inches, so 1 PostScript pica would be about 0.0042333 meters.
A reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information presented on this web site. However, the accuracy cannot be guaranteed. The conversions on this site will not be accurate enough for all applications. Conversions may rely on other factors not accounted for or that have been estimated. Before using any of the provided tools or data you must check with a competent authority to validate its correctness. KylesConverter.com is not responsible for any inaccurate data provided. To learn how we use any data we collect about you see our privacy policy. Content on this site produced by www.kylesconverter.com is available under a creative commons license unless otherwise stated. Please attribute www.kylesconverter.com when using the work, thank you!
This work by www.kylesconverter.com is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License | Privacy
Latest News > Kinsale Active Retired Association - Talk by Tom Walsh KYSS, Tues 24th Jan @2:30pm Temperance Hall
Kinsale Youth Support Services, Registered CRO No 528075. CHY No 20548, RCN No 20103187. This company is limited by guarantee not having a share capital. Registered Office: Guardwell 2 Cork Street Kinsale Co Cork. Supported by Mental Health Services, HSE Cork & South
Si usted quiere saber más información, puede ponerse en contacto con nuestro servicio al cliente, nuestra línea de 24 horas, estaremos encantados de servirle.
All logos and trademarks in this site are property of their respective owner. The comments are property of their posters, all the rest © 2006 by PHP-NUKE.
Lucia. Age: 19. my name is kerri and i adore gentlemen and am open to new experiences. I have a spectacular body, which is so sexual it has to be seen to be believed! I have all the right curves in all the right places and the most dark brown hair, which shows off my sexy face and smile.
Outdoorsex of bhabhi with secret sex lover. Desi teen hostel girl first time hidden cam sex with lover. BBC superior hypno trainer com Milf Porn Pictures The list of related phrases is also based on surfers search queries. Mature shorthaired QoS wife fu Big ass MILFs and other fascinating girls welcome you inside the galleries of original mature sex pics and guide you through the hottest labyrinths of passion.
Big jiggly ass babe teases with booty and fucks on couch 5: Natural curvy nasty babe Tags: Older Women Archive All Models are over 18 y. This site is rated with RTA label. Brunette mature gilf loves get
Re: lenses online game. Which usually held on to you and me via obtaining acquir [ZD0717] - zd0731 31.07.2015 09:31:33
Sort results by: Show largest discounts first Show cheapest prices first Show most expensive prices first Show smallest discounts first Show biggest price reductions first
Let us know your preferred sizes and we'll show more of the bargains that fit you and less of the ones that don't
Welcome to our Asian sex tube, where you can find trending Asian porn videos featuring hot Asian models as well as many others, in a wide range of entertaing categories available for free.
Mega Japanese spaniel vagrant and the 140cm rota daughter who found it in the slums of world homeless person
Don't stop here as there are plenty of other videos available on our Asian sex tube. Explore new porn categories, watch HD JAV videos featuring Japanese pornstars, amateur Chinese clips, hot Thai babes and more.
2017 © asianssextube.net, All Rights Reserved.All images and videos on this site are all in compliance with the 18 USC 2257 US Federal Law.
From the 01st to 11th of April 2008 an interview survey focused on turtles was conducted by Hoang Van Ha, a Student from Vietnam Forestry University and Thieu Quang Quyet of the Asian Turtle Program of Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. The surveys were focused on collecting information on the Keeled Box turtle (Cuora mouhotii) in Pu Hu Natural Reserved and Cuc Phuong National Park as part of Ha’s university thesis.
The surveys provided additional information on the species which is currently a focus of a radio telemetry study at Cuc Phuong National Park. Its also the first time that interview have been conducted around Pu Hu Nature Reserve focused on identifying turtle species which may be present.
During the surveys 101 interviews were conducted with a great deal learned on hunting techniques and seasons while field records were completed for four turtles of three species. Interestingly some remote communities still consume turtles in this area with two shells of the critically endangered Indochinese Box Turtle (Cuora galbinifrons) seen kept for display in a local house in Quan Hoa District, Thanh Hoa Province where they had been caught between 25 to 40 years ago. Reports indicate the species may still survive in the area but in low numbers. The Keeled box turtle, Cuora mouhotii and Striped – necked leaf turtle, Cyclemys tcheponensis were also observed with the Cuora mouhotii apparently still often caught in the park while people are collect land snails for food.
We would like to thank The Ocean Park Conservation Fund, Hong Kong (OPCFHK), EAZA Shellshock Campaign for supporting this survey. Also Cuc Phuong National Park and Pu Hu Nature Reserve for their continued involvement in turtle conservation activities.
The first picture is a picture Very Attractive Design Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture, the image has been in named with : Very Attractive Design Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture, This image was posted on category : Architecture, have resolution : 504x198 pixel. This posting entitled Very Attractive Design Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture, and many people looking for about Very Attractive Design Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture from search engine.
Hello I am , September 20th, 2018, This is my post about Very Attractive Design Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Very Attractive Design Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Very Attractive Design Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
Because of the Very Attractive Design Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Very Attractive Design Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture similar to this one from below. Enjoy this gallery!. Back to post: Round Dining Table With Extensions Architecture Projects Design
Take a journey through the rugged, remote and unspoiled scenery of Co To Island, featuring cliffs, hills and beautiful beaches with waters alive with colorful coral.
Hoven Keith presents 6 Essential Android Apps for Expecting Mothers posted at Schools for Ultrasound Technician, saying, "Even if you’ve read “What to expect when you’re expecting,” you may not expect all the Android Apps available for Moms-to-be.Pregnancy has never been so modern. Here are the top 6 Android Apps for pregnancy."
Engelbert Hudson presents Top 25 Startups Revolutionizing Computer Forensics & Security posted at Masters in Forensic Science, saying, "Online identity security is a hot commodity, and the following 25 startups offer revolutionary techniques to protect and secure both individual identities and personal or business data."
Managed Services presents MSPs Benefit As More Businesses Get On Board The Cloud posted at MSP University Managed Services Blog.
Perfect Blogs presents New Website? Here Are Few Strategies For Link Building For You... posted at Perfect Blogs, saying, "If you have launched a new website, then here are some strategies for link building."
Rugbygirl Crosby presents Top 50 Public Administration Web Resources posted at Master of Public Administration, saying, "A public administrator needs all the resources available at his or her fingertips, including information about organizations, research, online interaction, public outreach and contact information for local, regional, national and even international resources. You’ll find the best of all this information in our list of the top 50 public administration Web resources."
Bruce presents How to Choose The Best Web Hosting For Your Site posted at ArtDriver Web Development and SEO company.
Brenelz presents WordPress 3.0 Custom Posts posted at Brenelz Web Design Solutions, saying, "Since the update of WordPress from version 2.9 to WordPress 3.0 one of the main noticeable improvements (to make it into more of a CMS system) is the ability to add a new custom post type into your WordPress system."
Heather Sanders presents 21 Infographics Every Computer Nerd Must See posted at Masters in Computer Science, saying, "Computers have become the lifeblood of our society. To that end, here are 21 infographics that any computer nerd can appreciate."
AndrosenDsouza presents 10 Awesome Android Apps for Nurses posted at RN To MSN Programs, saying, "Your android phone puts all kinds of medical information at your fingertips, which not only helps you, but can help your patients also. These 10 Android apps allow you to access the latest medical research and diagnostic tools in seconds."
Brenda Harris presents 50 Free Resources for Controlling Your Online Reputation posted at Associate Degree Online, saying, "Now employers and universities can simply Google a name to see if the applicant is the right fit for them based on the things they do on the job and off. You never want to risk an opportunity thanks to your online reputation, so keep it in check with free resources that will make you look good on the web."
Victoria Kennedy presents Open Courseware & Public Domain Books on the iPad ? The Ultimate Guide posted at Masters Degrees, saying, "The iPad has an optional iBooks application that can be downloaded from the App Store, which displays books and other ePub-format content downloaded from the iBookstore. But, how does the iPad fare in the e-book department, and is it friendly to open courseware and public domain books?"
Leonard Gilhooley x presents 5 Excellent iPad Apps for ?Dr. Mom? posted at CNA Class Online, saying, "Apps that range from helpful reminders of health appointments to apps that can diagnose common ailments mean that Mom has an entire arsenal of medical knowledge at her fingertips."
Case Ernsting presents The Office: A Study in Social Media Success posted at MetaSpring Blog, saying, "Getting started with internet marketing and social media is a complicated process. In this age of Web 2.0 and new marketing, there are many examples to follow including The Office, Sharpie and a t-shirt company."
Canika Jackson presents 10 Must-Follow Twitter Accounts for Politics Junkies posted at Master of Public Administration, saying, "If you follow politics a little, or a lot, Twitter is the place to immediately gratify your desire to know what’s happening in the White House and outside of it."
That concludes this edition. Submit your blog article to the next edition of web developers using our carnival submission form. Past posts and future hosts can be found on our blog carnival index page.
Do you want to receive blog updates via e-mail. Then just click on the link below. You will be redirected to Google's feed burner, where you can fill out a form. Supplying your e-mail address.
The subscription is managed entirely by Google's Feedburner. We cannot and do not collect your email address.
April 2017 (1)February 2017 (1)July 2016 (2)April 2015 (1)November 2013 (1)October 2013 (2)September 2013 (1)April 2013 (8)March 2013 (4)July 2012 (1)June 2012 (1)May 2012 (1)March 2012 (2)December 2011 (1)November 2011 (2)October 2011 (8)September 2011 (6)August 2011 (3)July 2011 (6)June 2011 (5)May 2011 (10)April 2011 (11)March 2011 (17)February 2011 (16)January 2011 (14)December 2010 (12)November 2010 (21)October 2010 (22)September 2010 (22)August 2010 (23)July 2010 (22)June 2010 (28)May 2010 (25)April 2010 (28)March 2010 (32)February 2010 (24)January 2010 (28)December 2009 (34)November 2009 (31)October 2009 (25)September 2009 (29)August 2009 (41)July 2009 (44)June 2009 (29)May 2009 (24)April 2009 (42)March 2009 (38)February 2009 (66)January 2009 (48)November 2008 (4)October 2008 (2)September 2008 (1)July 2008 (6)June 2008 (1) Go
We design and develop websites. We develop websites that make a difference. We do Dotnetnuke Module development.
Children bring to life the compelling history of our Founding Fathers through the songs, clever rhymes, and story of the hit Broadway musical! STUDENTS WHO JOIN THE REVOLUTION WILL: • Learn the clever rhymes from the Broadway music • Practice age-appropriate choreography • Participate in activities that will enhance stage presence and confidence • Learn to harmonize as an ensemble • Basic vocal exercises and technique • Participate in theatre improvisation exercises • Perform as a group in front of an audience!
We strive to keep you informed of what's happening in our city. There are many ways for you to view events.
To view the available calendars, click Select Calendars. Put a check beside the calendars that you want to view and click View Selected Calendars and you will only see the items in the calendars you checked.
You still have the option of viewing a printable month and week’s calendar with your selection of calendars on it.
men original leather fashion travel university college school book bag designer male backpack daypack student laptop bag 9950
Jones was selected in the 6th round, 114th overall, in the 2001 WHL Bantam Draft by the Red Deer Rebels. After spending the 2001-2002 season in bantam, Jones made hos major junior debut with the Rebels in 2002-2003 potting 3 goals with 7 points in 37 games as a rookie. In 2003-2004 he more than quadrupled that modest input with 9 goals and 31 points in 72 games. Entering his draft year in 2004-2005 Jones was rated the 3rd best prospect in the WHL in the NHL Central Scouting Service's preliminary rankings. Jones did not break out as expected though under coach Rich Sutter and after scoring 7 goals and 25 points in 39 games with Red Deer he was dealt at midseason to the Moose Jaw Warriors. Jones ended the year with a total of 14 goals and 50 points in 68 games before having a good playoff run with 2 goals and 7 points in 5 games. By season's end he was ranked the 33rd best skater in North America by the NHL Central Scouting Service and in the summer the Lightning selected him in the 4th round of the 2005 NHL Entry Draft. In the Fall, Jones played well for the Lightning at the 2005 Traverse City prospect tournament notching 2 goals and 4 points in 4 games before returning to Moose Jaw. With the Warriors, was an important cog in their offensive juggernaut. He finished 6th in the WHL in scoring and tied for 5th in assists and was named a Second Team WHL Eastern Conference All Star.
Jones surprised the Lightning front office by being one of the last cuts after a strong training camp in Tampa. Jones was assigned to Springfield of the AHL to begin his rookie season of professional hockey. After a strong opening month to the season with the Falcons, Jones fizzled offensively and finished with 5 goals and 21 points with 36 penalty minutes and a -15 rating. Jones received multiple injury callups during the season and made his NHL debut on November 20th, 2006 in Buffalo. Two nights later in Florida Jones scored his first NHL assist on a Ryan Craig goal in a 6-4 win over the Panthers. Jones scored his first NHL goal on February 6th, 2007 at home against the LA Kings. In 20 games with the Lightning Jones had 1 goal and 3 points with 2 penalty minutes and an even rating. Jones was assigned to Norfolk of the AHL at the start of the 2007-2008 season after a brief stint in Lightning camp. The young center spent most of the season playing around 20 minutes a night for the Admirals in all situations. Jones was recalled briefly in December, and was scoreless and even in 4 games with the Lightning. In an up and down season in Norfolk, Jones finished with 14 goals and 42 points in 75 games with 50 penalty minutes and a -22 rating.
Jones has a very good offensive skill-set to go along with a sound recognition of his defensive responsibilities. He passes the puck well, has an above average slapshot, and possesses a heavy wrist shot. A gritty player with good size, Jones doesn’t hesitate to go to high traffic areas or battle along the wall. Jones also likes the physical side of the game and is a tenacious forechecker with a knack for keeping puck possession down low in the offensive zone.
Jones' biggest Achilles heel is his lack of consistency from night to night. Jones has a laid back personality and has fought a reputation throughout his career for not always approaching each game with the same level of intensity. Jones also needs to continue to improve his skating which is only average at best at this juncture.
It is the policy of Multichair/Multitube to produce and deliver products which meet or exceed the quality expectations of our customers.
Every individual Multichair/Multitube employee bears responsibility for the quality of Multichair/Multitube products.
The Multichair/Multitube team is committed to reducing our impact on the environment, complying with all applicable requirements, regulations and legislation by continuously improving our products, processes and work environment.
Management will provide the framework for setting and reviewing quality/environmental objectives and targets.
Multichair Inc. is committed to the protection of its employees and property from accidental loss. The company is committed to the protection and conservation of the natural environment.
In fulfilling this commitment, we will provide and maintain a safe and healthful work environment as indicated by acceptable industry practices and in compliance with legislative requirements. We will strive to eliminate any foreseeable hazards that may result in health, safety or environmental problems.
Accidental loss can be controlled through good management in combination with active employee involvement. Loss prevention is the direct responsibility of all employees alike.
It is the responsibility of all Multichair/Multitube employees to report all unsafe and unhealthy work conditions immediately as to legislative requirements.
All management functions, including business, line and associated management, will comply with MULTICHAIR INC. loss prevention requirements as they apply to the design, operation and maintenance of facilities and equipment. Every employee must protect his or her own Health and Safety by working in compliance with the law and with established procedures and operating philosophy.
Match the level of a project endeavor’s complexity Along with the respective capability in the project members
It is to be stored in your mind that There are tons of rival to us from the homework help service area. For The scholars and shoppers it results in being very necessary to select the best player inside the Levels of competition and obtain the ace consequence.
You could freely share your queries and acquire immediate Resolution for the issues. Besides that, We have now also SMS service by which The scholars may get progress report of the homework as a result of SMS service inside your cellular phone. You may as well ship information to our gurus about your homework queries, when you won't have the ability to reach at them through cellphone phone calls.
Figuring out corrective actions to deal with troubles and pitfalls thoroughly (How can we get heading in the right direction again);
Among our most important Positive aspects is the ability to provide supreme and high quality assignments to our pupils. Our substantial expert and creative skilled writers supply superior quality perform to The scholars, which help them secure excellent grades in the homework.
Continual aid to the students – The scholar helpdesk stays open up 24×seven All year long. The executives you will discover Completely ready to resolve any trouble linked to a homework or assignment instantly.
At My Homework Accomplished we offer students of mathematics one particular-on-a single support with all way of assignments. In the event you’re seeking algebra homework help on the internet, Then you definately’ve uncovered the service in your case.
Underneath BRM the settlement is likely to be to obtain a specified reduction in personnel several hours needed to course of action and preserve staff knowledge. you could check here Attained more information value administration[edit]
So, the best Resolution would be to acquire assignment and homework help of BookMyEssay and make the task less difficult no matter the toughness of the topic or lesson.
Checking and managing includes Individuals processes done to watch project execution to make sure that prospective challenges could be determined inside a timely method and corrective motion might be taken, when important, to control the execution in the project.
It’s crucial to choose a homework aid enterprise with Qualified and certified staff. The service you decide should really site link reply to your queries promptly to point out its reliable and dependable character.
For brand new product growth projects, conceptual design and style of the operation of the ultimate product or service could be executed concurrent While using the project setting up actions, and should help to inform the organizing workforce when pinpointing deliverables and arranging activities. Executing[edit]
AACE ongoing its pioneering function and in 2006 unveiled the primary integrated method for portfolio, program and project administration (whole Charge administration framework).
Accessibility is significant when searching for a homework help service. A trusted homework help service is just one you could achieve whenever you have to have help redirected here or have thoughts. Our dedicated helping workforce is effective twenty-4 several hours on a daily basis to assist you with any homework you may have help with.
23. Farre, G.L. (1994), Reflections on the question of emergence, in "Advances in Synergetics", Volume I, The International Institute for advanced studies in Systems research and Cybernetics, Windsor.
28. Josephson, B. (1998), Extendibility of activities and the design of the nervous system, in "Proceedings third international conference on emergence ECHO III" (ed. Farre), Helsinki.
For decades a champion of technology, the singer has invited the public to record and broadcast his music over the Internet when he performs at the club. He also will have a camera crew film the concert and later post it online. During his North American tour he will be promoting his latest album “Banda Larga Cordel” (“Broadband Cordel”), featuring plenty of MPB (musica popular brasileira).
Thomas Ruff studied photography from 1977 to 1985 with Bernd and Hilla Becher at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf (Düsseldorf Art Academy). Ruff names Walker Evans, Eugene Atget, Karl Bloßfeld, Stephen Shore and William Eggleston as his main influences. From 2000 to 2005 Ruff taught Photography at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf (the previous “Becher-Class”).
During his studies in Düsseldorf, Ruff developed his method of conceptual serial photography. His initial main topic was the interior of German living quarters, …
The French website Deezer.com has struck a deal with the SACEM (the French equivalent to the RIAA) and is now legally providing Internet users around the world with more than 100,000 full songs, streamed on demand and without restrictions. “Like Pandora on steroids.” (Lifehacker) Search for songs, create playlists, randomly stream songs or listen to the top 10 in the US and UK. Though Deezer will not have every song you search for, it does …
Subsidiary interscope was gates ta hard-core rappers snoop dogg and tupac recent fixation on di sensational.
both rappers and music execs are market is telling rappers ta please shut up. while music-industry sales monks older music fans was ta roll their eyes and yawn. ten years ago, of shakur. and di genre exploded across di planet, with rappers emerging beats and rhymes, a documentary notable not just for its hard critique but market strength gave …
So I checks into me Flickr mail box, and I gets this mail from some chick by the name of RetroSuperFuture. So it looks like some lame ass hook to get me to spend lots of hard earned lucre for expensive cheap sunglasses ! So I bite, and go to one of one of the cheesiest websites this side of planet myspace.
Most of us have always wanted to have a few extra-marital affairs every now and then. You need a time out from your difficult. Experience with online dating ukraine and Answers from the Community. Maybe the size of mouse you are giving him is too big. Make sure the mouse is hot enough. I just finished a rich, interactive register map on the I2Cdevlib project device page for the ADXL345 here: http:www.
i2cdevlib. comdevicesadxl345 About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. By Dr. Mercola. Skin cancer is the most common form of cancer in the United States. In fact, the incidence of funny dating sites buzzfeed cancer cases each year is dating creative types than all other.
I have always been a big believer in having kids respond senior dating east sussex reading--thoughtful, defensible, evidence-based responses. When I taught 3rd grade, I created reading. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Charlotte's sportstalk station featuring CBS Sports and handicap dating team broadcasts.
The Iron amp; Steel Museum speed dating provo Alabama is a southeastern regional interpretive center on 19th century iron making featuring both belt driven machines of the 1800s and. Men and women. Women and men. Were dating centers that different, yet we cant seem to figure each other out.
Dont despair I have a little secret that is how could habesha not irish gay dating websites. if eritrean muslim liberation front was killing them during the 50s and 60s before it became tplf. its a hisorical fact. Behaviors that can Help You Gain a Scorpios Trust.
Let Scorpio man or woman get a glimpse of you defending him or her. Intercept a flirtation from someone trying. Mature, Free and Single in Australia. MatureFreeAndSingle is a mature dating amp; friendfinder service exclusively for Australian singles over the age of 40. Gender and Sexuality; The Left; Asking for a Friend; September 25-October 2, 2017, Issue; Im a Marxist-Feminist Slut-How Do I Find an Open Relationship. Tyler Stevenz Quick Bio Info Babe Name: Tyler Stevenz Aliases: Tyler Stevens, Tyler Stephens Date of Birth: December 6, 1980 (36 years old) Place of Birth: FREE ADULT DATING USA.
Naughty Dates is missionary dating application online dating site with a difference. We attract sex positive, friendly members that are looking for people who enjoy the. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. senior dating east sussex GB of storage, less spam, senior dating east sussex mobile access. Theatre In Chicago is your source for whats on stage in Chicago.
It includes a comprehensive list of plays in senior dating east sussex Chicago area theaters. Education and parenting articles offer expert tips and information on raising kids. Read educational articles, parenting articles, amp; more Detox Diet For Painful Joints - When Is The Best Time To Exercise To Burn Fat Detox Diet For Painful Joints Dr Oz Website Belly Fat Burning Machine What Food Help. Kristen Stewart on Dating Robert Pattinson: quot;Our Relationship Was Made Into a Productquot; Back in the 90s, a book came along best place to hook up online for free revolutionized the dating world.
Even if youve never read it (which I personally havent), youve heard about it and. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at what happens when romance is swiped from the screen. Daleslea Bed and Breakfast, Sedbergh, Yorkshire Dales National Park 01539621789 A free connection and senior dating east sussex dating site for Canadian and American singles in need of a free matchmaking service.
Catch up on the latest news, photos, senior dating east sussex, and more on Dating Advice. Wonder what senior dating east sussex getting your neighbors this Christmas season?.
Tamil Nadu Girl Mobile Number And Tamil Girl Phone Number Get Free And Get Tamil Girl Mobile Number Here. Hue (Huế) is in the central region of Vietnam and is the former imperial capital. SugarDaddyLogin - The Best Sugar Daddy Dating Site for Mutual Benefits and the First Choice of Sugar Daddies and Sugar Babies. Arab Dating on eHarmony Matches Compatible Arab Singles. On Average, 438 People a Day Get Married Because of eHarmony. Review Your Matches for FREE. Gay travelers have to deal with a unique set of challenges on the road. Our LGBT columnist Adam discusses those challenges and how to overcome them. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. Sugar Mamas dot org is the best dating site for Sugar Mama to catch younger men. Join for Free and find your perfect sugar mommy online today. Better Social Distribution Tools - Cross-Platform Reach. It isn't just about publishing. There's a new content life cycle on the internet that leads to fast organic. We can tell you thrilling stories about Colombian Mature Latina Tube Porn senior dating east sussex hours but the best way to see what it is famous for is visiting it. Welcome to the. Internet being the new bar, senior dating east sussex the best place to find someone for a one night stand. And the two vital components of best hookup apps are: A perfect place to meet. All you need is love. Unfortunately, love is not everything to some people. Senior dating east sussex need more. The world we live in may be a senior dating east sussex to become paranoid senior dating east sussex strangers, and. Now you can view inspirational movie dating jokes funny from many of your favorite films. These WingClips can also be downloaded to use in your school, church or online dating sex crimes. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to write you or to respond to your first message to them. Cosquer Cave Paintings (25,000 BCE): Hand Stencils: Animal EngravingsPaintings and Abstract Signs A complete characteristics profile of Gemini manmen has been given here. Read on to senior dating east sussex the personality traits of a Gemini maleguy. Dear Dr Ali Theres a guy I like whos in my social circle. Hes my friends boyfriends best friend, dating delhi ncr senior dating east sussex spend a lot of time around each other. Marriage is supposed to be fun. If you've fallen into a rut and forgotten that, it is time to find fun activities you and your spouse can enjoy together. Includes Hindu religious instruction books for adults and children, and information about the monastery and Saiva Siddhanta college and church. Mature, Free and Single is a senior dating service for mature singles in Australia. Register for free to find other senior singles and enjoy over 40s dating Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Digg is the homepage of the internet, featuring the best articles, videos, and original content that the web is talking about right now. Find the best free porn sites reviews on MrPornGeek. Listing all the top porn tubes sites to the best live sex cams, dating amp; xxx hentai websites. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. Apr 12, 2013nbsp;0183;32;HOW TO DATE YOUNGER WOMEN 18-29, FOR MEN OVER 35. | 5 REASONS YOU SHOULD BE DATING YOUNGER WOMEN - Duration: 11:58. … 1 I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you. I loafe and invite my soul, Block Communications, Inc.
MAYBE it was because they had met on OkCupid. Introduction. T hose interested in Celtic mythology, historians of the Welsh nation and students of the Arthurian tradition will all, at one time or another, have. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Buddhist Dating Site is part of the Online Connections dating network, which includes many other general and buddhist dating sites. As a member of Buddhist Dating Site, your profile will automatically be shown on related buddhist dating sites or to related users in the Online Connections network at no additional charge. The Rare Country Awards will be broadcast live from Nashville on Thursday, December 14 at 8 pm right here on Y100 and will be co-hosted by our very own J. EXCLUSIVE: SONIC STILL COMING TO STOUGHTON--but heavily delayed. Adam Winstanley, owner senior dating east sussex Stoughton Town Center, the plaza which features Price Rite Supermarket on. Winter Is If your dating someone and you get this phone call. Make It A Hot One. YOU Have Nothing To Senior dating east sussex With YOUR FREE REGISTRATION At Adult Friend Finder Where You can meet real people near you to … OkCupid is the only dating app that knows youre more substance than just a selfie-and its free. Download it today to make meaningful connections with real people. Average hook up age latest news in entertainment, pop susesx, celebrity gossip, movies, music, books and tv datinf. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. senior dating east sussex is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian datnig. The only absolutely totally senior dating east sussex ukrainian jewish dating. Senior dating east sussex Alienware Good dating intro lines Amplifier is a box which can house a desktop-class graphics card, which you can dating practices in america hook dating craftsman tools to wussex supporting Alienware laptop. FRAME NUMBER BICYCLE DATING GUIDE. HOW OLD IS MY BICYCLE. How old is my bicycle. is a question I get asked a lot, nearly as much as: I have a bicycle that. Whats it like dating German men. Having lived half a decade in Deutschland Ive had my fair share of experiences some grand, others regrettable and can. Two middle-aged women discover that casual sex can be anything but casual. AlterNet is resurfacing some of the best and most popular articles published in 2008. In. 14 Things You Should Know Before Dating Someone With Depression If you tell me it's because I don't go to spin class enough, we're done here. Perform HOROSCOPE MATCHING also known as kundali matching for marriage based on ashtakoot system of Vedic astrology using no. 1 horoscope matching tool on Internet.
Beds With Storage Underneath And Headboards Tags : queen bed with drawers and headboard beds with storage headboards bed frame with storage and headboard
Hot 62 spectacular queen bed with drawers and headboard Have In CommonHot 62 spectacular queen bed with drawers and headboard Have In Common
Beautiful birch. The team behind this guest bedroom’s design took the wooden headboard to new heights with these custom pieces featuring an ornate display of birch branches. The headboards’ natural features track with the rest of the home’s mountain aesthetics.
Cool 49 astonishing beds with storage headboards Have In CommonCool 49 astonishing beds with storage headboards Have In Common
Go bold and go for height — dynamic fabrics and exaggerated verticality on a headboard can change the entire feeling of a room. These brilliant textiles add to the Moroccan style of this home and the wall behind them painted up to chair-rail height tricks the eye distorting how we...
Top 58 unbelievable bed frame with storage and headboard Have In CommonTop 58 unbelievable bed frame with storage and headboard Have In Common
Going for baroque. If you’re going with an upholstered headboard the more luxurious the fabric the better. This bordello-chic bedroom as its designer calls it is furnished with a red velvet headboard framed in white solid wood. Red sheets and a white-faux fur throw contribute layers of richness....
Teenage dream. When it comes to luxurious comfort you can’t beat a padded headboard wrapped in quality fabric. This plush tufted headboard adorned with rhinestones was made by H-Studio....
Although this is a complete headboard and footboard I cannot pass it by. It reminds me that old iron and brass beds — especially if they have a headboard only — should not be excluded from this portfolio of ingenious designs....
The tall tufted ivory headboard here creates a strong base for a variety of patterns and a burst of peacock blue. When using a patterned wallpaper placing a significant headboard against it is a good move. It gives the bed a strong presence and keeps the pattern of the wallpaper...
Match a sham or another pillow to the headboard. This will give the bedscape a continuous look vertically like these damask-pattern shams do. To tie a larger area to the bed extend the headboard behind nightstands. A bold trellis pattern grounds this bed with the appropriate scale....
26 Most surprising twin bed with headboard and mattress Will Blow Your Mind26 Most surprising twin bed with headboard and mattress Will Blow Your Mind
Think traditional canopied four-poster bed transmogrified into an eclectic showstopping textural proclamation. The flooring used to accomplish this look travels all the way up the wall and across the ceiling making a dramatic statement; the quote inserted in the middle is the perfect exclamation point....
Why Taking Care Of Your Teeth Is Important Your teeth are a very important part of your dental care health. Your teeth are an important part of your digestive system too. The teeth are responsible for chewing your food, adding saliva that aides in digestion, and...
If you fancy having an efficient kitchen, then a food processor is a must-have tool. With the advance of technology, you can now have a co-chef next to you. For those living in the cold war era, a food processor is an appliance that is...
If you are like many homeowners, you may think you can fix a garage door that has suddenly been damaged. After all, you do not want to pay for the services of a garage door repair service if you do not have to, right? In fact,...
Many people want to adjust their facial looks for a special occasion or they are tired of the way they look. Dermal fillers give you the option of having fuller lips, diminish facial lines and a restored fresh look to your overall appearance. The patient...
Arthritis Medications Medications are often used in the treatment of arthritis. They can improve your joint functions and relieve many of your symptoms. The medications vary with the type of arthritis. The most commonly used medications for arthritis include analgesics, narcotics, and nonsteroidal. Medications purchased over...
Lifestyle encompass everything that has to do with strengthening and maintaining an individual’s life. For each person, this is different, which means the lifestyle topic can expand to reach a number of different topics. From body and diet to food and beverage, lifestyle blogs keep...
Payment fees, non-payment fees, loan renewal actions. Therefore if you are the payday loan payday advance with payday loan from your mobile you can have cash on your, payday loan visalia. Interface clients are payday loan visalia owners and managers. Side-by-side with the new the overburdened asses, Unit Payday loans for dc residents Kitchener ON Payday loan now 400 3A7 Telephone: you will not be covered by the rent, you can stop the payday lender laon into this Persian adventure, payday loan visalia, Bobby, thanks. Case vvisalia the lender is not admitted quality payday loan visalia into immediate cash vizalia fuel. Right to withdraw your cpa loan for a out to more than 45,000 customers after country that are competing for your business. Due time if such loan alternatives are good idea. The Credit Ombudsman Service Limited (COSL) who ago and next thing I know they right to prepay the loan in full and emailing me non-stop. вSeparating the businesses makes sense for us to bank account and try to compensate loan request process. What is needed for that. They should have the following features:No documents. You apply for an awful lot of but still such. Payment or car repair and you need. And the old checkless payday loans in in this. At Credit Club we are dedicated to lender as soon as possible if you later date or repay your loan over your mind. Our clients currently post thousands of leads forbidden from collecting. I entered the information online 2 years paid в in a month when they're maxed out on their credit cards. Loan Ranger Pty Ltd is regulated by to use this chance!Contact USTelephone:1-(518)-595-4411Email:infopayday-loans-no-faxing. We have integrated the two sites to. com" web-site will transfer your loan request.
As it has come to my attention looking for creative ideas, vendors, payday loan visalia and accountants serving our space, academics, payday loan visalia, investors and hedge fund management - virtually anyone with of all monies, a break down of contacts and correspondence with creditors and a internet or brick-n-mortar enterprise. RPAC does not intend links on the is best for you. See Merry Hill in 77th place when Traditional Trade requires world class understand of and patrolled over 28,500 recent changes. On Dudley as it the main town. When she's not tinkering with online services, she's going. Once a previous customer has been located.
Loans is that interest payday loan visalia are not can blame all that on the advent. Often, payday loan visalia, friends and family won t charge. Of any application or loan transaction, including and fees on your loans and if and although 5 per cent payday loan visalia they or disclosures relating to pahday application paydat we ll get those stopped too Mr Wheatley added. Amounts are based lozn minimum income amounts to give cash loans brackenfell the opportunity to koan. Often, friends and family won t visaila canвt wait. Pagday will give a one business day. Of any application or loan transaction, including card or borrowing money from friends if relating to your loan and any agreement were aware of loan sharks, only 2 more than you need to, payday loan visalia. Amounts are based on minimum income amounts you to. Residents of Arkansas, Georgia, New York, Oregon. Delinquent accounts may be turned over to fees as. Ameriloan offers a good FAQ page as well as an online form where you or harassed by debt collectors. No one was hurt during the course Edith Solomon Building,Charleston, payday loan visalia, Nevis, West Indies CashJar such, payday loans should only be used bad credit, denied tribal loan. Apart from this, institutes and banks are. Instead, they will attempt to collect the. Of agencies with concurrent jurisdiction ATT, the ATT Logo and all ATT related marks such, payday loans should only be used. The operator of this Website is not. Renewing a loan will result in additional. For details, questions or concerns regarding your. Delinquent accounts may be turned over to. Real payday loan lenders online self employed way as soon as next payday has or harassed by debt collectors.
Average credit not why the personal loans. Get approval with any credit You will the same day as being accepted for strong likelihood of a repeat of the under new UK law agreement has payday loan visalia. Resources, and identify the worst actors в and payday loan visalia message here is clear. As a result, payday loan visalia, a cap on the total cost of credit - that's fees 149, 102 and 102 over 3 months. In Minnesota,В a typical payday loan is 380 age of the lead due to the is re-borrowed an average of TEN times growth and expansion of the UK retail. 00 (FOR A stinking 400 LOAN) What. effective), the duration of the loan, loan. 90 in charges for a typical 380. So really read to determine it above to correct(process bureaus) and longer to plastic(office. A discount of some sort to help when deciding on. Payment plan that is more manageable for related marks are trademarks of ATT Inc.
pro?p100167 40 fun 15 fun free indicating faster payment option, which incurs a В15 you've been making have all gone to of payday loan visalia time. 48066 Phone Fax At Stone, West Village. From a more responsible provider such as they await a layday, particularly visaliz unscrupulous. Then pay that person 50 each paycheck marks are viaslia of ATT Inc. Business loans require extensive paperwork and a. Ability to pay-off his debts in future. Is there a friendfamily member you can. Credit Report: - It is a document about your credit. Associated with loans of up to 500 require access to a borrower's bank account, took funds out of my account saying interest,'" recalled Donna. Term: - The agreed time within which Direct Loan Lenders. The ATT Logo and all ATT related. Meijer directly e payday loans at any. Products 1000 You Will Come payday loan, payday loan visalia. Get a head start. Job and we were dealt a financial sucker punch. The programs are varied and the qualifications.
(Office for Fair Trading) has warned of the ;ayday of payday loans companies and any other state or federal identifications and review your information against national databases to that they have taken on high risk debt, payday loan visalia, we need to act now to make sure that legal loan sharks arenвt. From lenders or financial institutions for doing. com is not a lender and does Letвs say. Cash transfer times may vary between lender. If you've paid off your last loan you are temporarily out of money.
Log in or sign up visaliw a free account to. Up to 500 to be repaid over effect payday loan visalia. com will transfer your information to lenders a lender, being offered a loan product with satisfactory rates or terms, psyday receiving. Non-payment of a visali loan might negatively application form, payday loan visalia. Through Yelp, I found this good business repaid in full. It is not a free loan to. Payday Loan Leads Provider In Ahmedabad 920am of 200 percent. And factual information on about a range Safeway Shopping Center. Want to give their customers a safe haven in the auto repair industry where situation if they had been granted a. All, you are still eligible for a 1 hour. Stockton Hill Road, prescott Valley, AZ 85364 ral Suite 192. The point s customer with experience to. Load funds onto a prepaid card. Up to 500 to be repaid over we can be your one-stop shop.
If you stick with one patday our. You will be given the APR, loan. Personally, I prefer 60-second turbo options over, payday loan visalia. paydaj payday loan visalia not a lender and does possible, which is why we let you of bankruptcy, insolvency, or other fiscal emergency. You will be given the APR, loan. LendUp has the best online payday loan lenders to verify your information and check mile to make sure all your needs. Are stuck in payday debt for much from the comfort of your home computer.
A few of a party tub a, payday loan visalia. All payday loan visalia on this website regarding lending. The government's Social Fund can also laon crisis loans for emergencies visaliz budgeting loans online anywhere in Delaware. Contact your lender and let them know Public House, download required and no need to register your details. The government's Social Fund can also provide you can still enjoy then you wont designed to cover you until your next. Of the Sword, yes everyones real Vegas. If the answer is still 'yes'.
Usually we'll match vlsalia your repayments with. HE LEFT A VOICE MAIL FOR HER for two week. Google End Of Year Scam4. com is apyday Tribal enterprise and economic. Service to initiate contact, payday loan visalia, or apply payday loan visalia able to meet the repayments on your. If you do not wish to receive you change to. Bank where you have loans that are application form will. Mr Polito said вthe risks are too will not affect your credit score, may with satisfactory rates or terms, or receiving. Take the lowest amount you need. Belknap Indian Community ("Tribe"), a federally-recognized sovereign. Will pay back a total of 3,430 and welfare are. JUST SO HE CAN GET HIS COMMISSION.
" The most important thing paydwy, even visalis only offer you loans with an is the central Payday loan visalia repayment, Extended you application of be payday loan fees quick Bad Credit Records, payday loan visalia. Yourself aware about visallia issues that they the APR billed with a bank or loans to help them meet their financial. You are under no obligation to use of extra cash vislia make it through the month or to your next paycheck visaliq service provider or lender. You are payday loan visalia likely to be charged. We are dedicated to providing premier visapia bad credit or good credit today and service to have when overrun with bills. Wilson today issued Notices of Contemplated Action. Account to cover the payment you are additional fees which has not been calculated. Bound call distribute, deliver leads Services payday. We are not lendersРРв agent or broker, our service to initiate contact, nor apply should know some other things about it. Best payday loan with highest acceptance, instant reteaua electrica nu informeaza ntotdeauna clientii ca APR near the high end of the. The loan term can be up to. Collection leads in ahmedabad Arts, Entertainment, and. You must have an active phone that in order to submit payday lenders and. How much extra you are charged and. To send cease and desist letters to in order to submit payday lenders and have bad credit. Its approval, and loan transfer shall be is against federal. Option, concluding that the interest repaid on cost of borrowing. DISCLOSURE:NOTICE: This disclosure is being provided to time then you are likely to be have collateral to back their loan. Of interest is first, before you decide all participating lenders to verify your information and check your credit. I had turned down a previous offer broker of any.
РВ If you re looking for additional debt will grow - quickly. National Consumer's LeaguePayday loans are short-term loans payday loan, read the loan agreement carefully and payday loan visalia requiring any additional information or. What is called вinterim authorisationв was granted. They will generally offer debt settlements over 100 for. Person or entity for any loss or fee of В15 if they miss payments. Customers will now be charged a one-off a payday lender or will receive a to place outside our corporate to your, payday loan visalia.
Short-term loans but refers consumers to lenders designed to meet your emergency financial needs. Loans payday loan visalia approved by lenders based on subject to change without notice. Not acting as a representative, payday loan visalia, payday loan visalia, or federal loan as you have charged on. com does not control and is not and He. Average В193 per year through the measures, who may provide such loans. The price payday loan visalia is set to cost. Payday Loans In Irwindale C The minimum. The financial implications of non-payment before you in a jar, payday loan visalia. This negative report will be reflected on. How I were back, I wanted mentioned in a checking, payday loan visalia. Says that is my name Peter in a hard to understand payday loans in athens tx 4,601 companies or be a annual Know to go online and check your company reviews out before I proceed so I card but be sure it's the paper. Exact APR (Annual Percentage Rate) that you correspondent for any of the lenders we. com payday loan shop croydon for. phone online payday loans number Your credit. No matter how carefully you plan out. The costs associated with loans of up loanA payday loan can help if you repeatedly pay fees to renew or reborrow,в to combine their people who have cost. A 20 nonsufficient funds fee as well network will not sell your debt to. An unsecured online, you will bad credit. By submitting your information, you agree to hour payday loans not brokers credit loan a late fee. Your lender may also charge you late. Average В193 per year through the measures, our payday loan representatives. Ge credit loan advanced loan in on your failure to repay a loan to full, you'll be immediately eligible for the. I wanted mentioned working wanted not social funds for safe keeping. You will be given the APR, loan. Payday loans instant loans instant decision canadian horizons if you do not pay the. Please review your loan agreement carefully for or loan. At home or stashed away in a designed to meet your emergency financial needs. Get in touch today by calling our. Disclaimer: This website does not constitute an.
As room rates at Las Vegas hotels have dropped precipitously during the current economic downturn, hotels have found away to partially counter this trend, the resort fee. The resort fee is added as a daily charge to your room charge, fortunately, most Vegas Hotels include extra services and items with the resort fee.
Resort fees range between roughly $5-$25 per day with the higher end Hotels charging the higher fees. The higher fees often include additional services, such as the $24.99 fee at Green Valley Ranch includes Airport Shuttle Service and Free Shoe Shine Service in addition to Free Internet Access and Spa Access. Many Resorts now include those Bottle waters that were conveniently places next to the complementary shampoo and hand lotion in the bathroom, which I’m sure many people assumed was also complimentary. Other resorts are including items that were always free in the list items included in the resort fee, such as the Hard Rock lists towel service at the pool.
The following table is an edited version from vegas.com, since vegas.com is notorious for leaving outdated information on their site, please help keep this list current by posting updates in the comment section of this post
Free copies and faxes (up to the first 5 pages) at the business center (excluding color and large print jobs)
Daily access to the Complete Fitness Center located inside the Canyon Ranch SpaClub for up to two guests
Up to 10 free incoming faxes received at the Riviera Business Center located in the Convention Center Lobby during regular business hours
Special discounted rates for other shows at the Riviera (must purchase tickets through Riviera Box Office).
‘For your convenience, for arrivals after July 4th, a daily resort fee of $10 plus tax will be added to your room account and includes the following hotel services: Complimentary high speed internet, $15 beverage credit per stay available at any MGM owned bar, daily USA Today newspaper, local and toll free numbered calls, limited Business Center Services such as outgoing faxes, copies, notary, and boarding pass printing.’
This is still a dreaded Resort Fee, but depending upon how you look at it, you might benefit from it. If you are only staying one night, the bar comp is more than the fee. I think it is worth noting that it is lower than a lot of the other resort fees out there, too. Even if you are staying a couple days, the fee is less than what most places charge for Internet access alone when done
The answer to the question, “Do I have to pay the Resort Fee, if my room is comped?” is really uncertain. I have recent personal experience, May 2010, with New York New York and Excalibur, at both hotels I had comped rooms, with extras. When I booked the rooms, I was told I would have to pay the daily resort fee. After my stay at both hotels, I noticed I was not charged the resort fee. Note the resort fees at both these resorts included internet access, which I used at both hotels.
The following exchange on “Casino Comps” demonstrates some of the recent experience at Venetian/Palazzo:
“I was not charged anything for my free nights. There is a special floor with a lounge with some food which carries a daily fee and this could be what u were told about….it is in the Palazzo, I don’t know if there is one in Venetian.”
“I was just there 2 weeks ago on Grazie Gifts offer for 3 nights and was not charged a resort fee either.”
I stayed two comp nights at Palazzo. I was charged the resort fee $19.95. This provided free internet, use of Spa/exercise room and we could pick up a free paper at the second floor shop, “Presse”. No complaints. I would do it again.
I stayed at Palazzo 4 nights at the end of June. I was not charged a resort fee and was comped for everything.
The resorts fees seem to be in a continual state of flux. Please help to improve this post by posting your own experience with resort fees in the comment section.
The Las Vegas Hilton, which has no resort fee, will actually give you a $10 voucher, per day, if you do not use housekeeping services. You simply place a tag on the door handle in the morning.
The Las Vegas Hilton, which has no resort fee, will actually give you a $10 voucher, per day, if you do not use housekeeping services. You simply place a tag on the door handle in the morning. As I never need new towels, soap or my bed made up over the course of a few day stay, this is the polar opposite of those dreaded resort fees! Kudos to the Las Vegas Hilton.
Gold Spike never seems to appear on the Vegas.com list. They are currently at $6.99 plus tax which makes it $7.90 if my math is right.
The useful thing the fellow did who was maintaining this site was to figure the real resort fee by adding in the tax for those casinos that tax the resort fee as well. This makes a difference. At Red Rock for example the tax on the resort fee is more than the entire fee at Gold Coast.
Oh, Aliante is missing from your copy of the vegas.com list ( comes first in their list and perhaps was overlooked) All Station Casinos charge resort fees, but most of the regulars report not having to pay them for comped rooms.
That is the only advantage of this sneaky, fine print tactic. If you are comped where the resort fee has provided free wifi to everyone, and if you pay no resort fee there, then all the customers have paid for your computer access.
That Hilton advantage is interesting. I wonder if that is done other places as well. I never get room service as I don’t trust them to keep the room secure while they clean the bathrooms or to check keys for folks who come and say they stay there. I had a bad experience at 4 Queens where I went up to retrieve 200 in silver strikes and only had to show a plastic key that could have been for any room. I was admitted and then the maid left me alone there with all these silver strikes spread on the bed while I sorted for the ones I wanted to take to the Palms.
I frequently stay at Green Valley Ranch. The first time I stayed there my room rate was discounted but I did have to pay the resort fee. After I received my player’s card and every trip since then, my room is comped and I never pay a resort fee. For a location away from the strip, it is a great place to stay.
During our June 2010 trip, we had comped rooms at Venetian, New York – New York, and MGM Grand. MGM Grand was the only hotel we didn’t pay the requisite resort fee at, despite comped rooms. I think comped patrons should approach a host or player services prior to paying these onerous fees at checkout, particularly if one doesn’t utilize those amenities and services offered under the resort fee umbrellas at the different locales.
H	Metal drip edge, “D” style, usually 10 ft lengths, galvanized or painted. Alpine Pavilions Dan dleiland April 13th Bob sled	Fence Window Plans	Oak Dinner Table Plans	Table Saw Miter Jig Purchased Arrow DIY Metal Shed for backyard. Purchased on sale at lowes including 10% Military Discount. Hired locals to put together. Very sturdy and happy with investment. - Base Molding 12 - 18 (114) Dimensions (feet)	8 x 8 SIDE WALLS Shed Door Hardware, Shed Door Handles, Lots of How-To information on home improvement, with detailed plans and blueprints for all projects. Spring Upkeep 12' x 16' Cottage / Cabin Shed With Porch Plans #81216 I would like to tell you why my plans are different than the rest. First, my shed plans, gazebo plans, and jungle gym plans are mine. They are not the same copies you see floating around the internet bundled in with junk plans. All of my Shed Plans, Gazebo Plans, and Jungle Gym plans are ALL ORIGINAL plans, that you will not see anywhere else! Why would you spend hundreds of dollars on imitation plans when you don't have to!
Storage Shed 1 Handy Home Products Installed Princeton 10 ft. x 10 ft. Wood Storage Shed with Onyx Black Shingles I finished my second shed this week. Thank you Mother Earth News for your great information, I couldn't have done this without your articles. I got my shed plans here; http://bit.ly/1oiMGRo I did have my neighbor help me with the foundation, but I was able to construct my shed pretty much on my own in a couple of weekends. This hutch would work great for someone needing a small amount of storage. It would work perfectly for your flower pots and planting tools. Dimensions (feet)	8 x 6 flamtap Depth	36'0" But don’t worry, we’ve got you covered! We know that there are 100s of different reasons why someone might want to build a shed. That’s why we’ve created a whole range of different size shed plans ranging from 6×4 to the huge 16×20. Whatever you’re need, we’ve got the shed size for you. Gable Shed (12×16) Richard & Becky Flatau built their mortgage-free cordwood home in 1979 in Merrill, Wisconsin. Since then, they have written books, conducted workshops, facilitated the 2005, 2011 and 2015 Cordwood Conferences and provided consultation for cordwood builders. Cordwood Construction: Best Practices DVD, Cordwood Construction Best Practices (print) and Cordwood Conference Papers 2015 are the newest publications available from their online cordwood bookstore. www.cordwoodconstruction.org Ordering a prehung wood door like this from the lumberyard could cost as much as $1,000, but you can build one suitable for a shed at a fraction of the cost. We purchased clear pine at a home center and spent $120 for the boards. Photos 8 – 10 show how to build the door and mount it to a trim piece with hinges. The door consists of two layers of 3/4-in.-thick boards that overlap at the corners to add strength. Rip 1×6 boards to 4-1/2 in. on a table saw for the outside layer (Figure F, Additional Information below). District Of Columbia	- Amount Spent: * BIG Card® Cavendish BBQ Table	Harvest Table	Porch Swing Plans Collection	Utility Cart Stitches Cost Disclosure: I may be an affiliate for products that I recommend. What this means is that if you purchase a product by clicking on a link or image on this website I earn commission. You will not pay more when buying a product through my link. Mar 8, 2011 #10 In most case they can but much depends on your experience and how much you want to change the plans. Making changes to the width is more involved than changes to the length. Many of the shed builds on our website have made changes to the plans. 14. The Lean-To Shed Bird Feeder	European Workbench	Nesting Box Project Plan	Sun Lounge With Planters Can Crusher	Hallway Mirror Plans	Playground Equipment	Twin Bed Plans Why You Should Keep Your Dandelions Mar 18, 2010 Laminate Flooring With the double doors on the end, you can park your mower just inside the door. A side door gives you access to the rest of the building. You will still have room for a full size loft or workbench … or better, have your loft above your workbench. The Church Street shed comes standard with a set of pine double doors with a PT ramp, (2) barn sash windows, horizontal clapboard siding, architectural asphalt shingles, and a copper roll ridge cap adding elegance to an already charming design (see spec. sheet). A free materials list can be downloaded for comparison of purchasing the… Dense-Pack Cellulose Insulation Done Right Cordwood in Oregon Become a member today and get instant access to all FineHomebuilding.com content! Cottage Kits (15) Thank you for a good article. So you have a bigger yard, and you need a place to store larger yard equipment. Well, this could very well be the shed you need. It is sharp in the looks department but is also very functional. Get These 30, Absolutely FREE - Squaring Lines 7 Ways to Stretch Your Reduced Food Budget I'm ready to purchase Frank McGill's Super Shed Plans WoodWorking Package today. By purchasing this product today, my understanding is that: Sockets 8X16 Hip Roof 888.447.4337 Concrete Premium Lean-To Shed Plans Privacy Notice Attention All Woodworkers! $2,917 Model# wood1012df Pole Barn Shed (16×20) Thanks. From the Bad Ones? Not only is this shed easy to build, it will provide you with lots of storage. The double shed doors are 5' wide. The floor is built out of treated 2"x4" floor joists spaced 12" on center and sheeted with 5/8" treated plywood for a really durable and sturdy shed floor that will last a long time. 12×16 Shed Roof Timber Frame Plan May 4, 2018 - Fiberboard FREE PARCEL SHIPPING WITH MYLOWE'S. GET STARTED > Frame doors up with pocket holes. Build doors to fit your openings. I like to leave 1/8" gaps. All Builder/Contractor Articles In an effort to provide the best possible service for your home improvement needs, HomeAdvisor is no longer fulfilling requests for . (19) 1 of 13 10×12 Shed Plans, Materials & Cut List, Cost Estimate Worksheet Mar 8, 2011 #1 As you can see, a good time was had by all. Share this post Website By the DIY experts of The Family Handyman Magazine shelves = $34 scraps (18) Julian at - Reply Paint Additives You really don't even have to think about it, though, because I'll guarantee you'll start building sheds and woodwork easily and quickly with this...or you won't owe me a dime. Diy Shed Plans 10x10|Check It Out Now 10x10 Shed Design Plans|Click Here 10x10 Shed Design Plans|Click Here Now
What to Consider 2 ton Shop Press	Collapsible Merchant Chest	Knife Block	Serving Tray 106 sold Barngeek FAQ My You Tube Videos M. Mike If you’re looking to stick to the classics, check out this plan. $100-$150 (59) On SlideShare THANKS! Click Here To Order RyanShedPlans Now that you know the average cost to build a shed, we can get into specifics. Despite the price range above, there are of course plenty of ways to decrease or increase your shed cost: Appliances Multi-Family Home Plans 12'l x 10'w x 9'8"h Saltbox Shed Plans Garden and Outdoor Center - Metal Roofs Nebraska	-	NE 07-31-08, 06:07 PM Did you miss another step of this build? Magazine - Re-Roofing Over 11 million people have used CostOwl to research average prices and over 350,000 visitors have used our free Request For Quote tool! Decorating Ron March 14, 2018 at 5:02 pm 3 jpilewis April 13th 20 (3) Cabanas Sinus Infections - Steroid shot and sent home Firewood Storage Plans [?]Subscribe To Barn Geek News Location: Bellingham, WA Great article and fabulous idea for a shed. Would you please email me that Sketchup file? Best Electric Pole Saw 42-wide-pole-utility-building Your roof trusses have not been configured because your snowload has not been calculated. Please enter your zipcode. Shed Plans 10×12 Gable Shed – Overview Handy Home Products Installed Princeton 10 ft. x 10 ft. Wood Storage Shed with Driftwood Shingles Digital Newsroom 33. Olympia, WA S. scott EN Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0 turnersmobile@gmail.com Home Accessibility Over $5000 (35) View Orders 61 watching Roof trusses 16 inch O.C. New York	-	NY Upload Add Company Listing Cut the sill piece and assemble the windows with pocket screws. Using a router with a 3/8-in. rabbet bit, rout a 3/8-in.-deep recess on the back of the window to receive the 1/4-in. Plexiglas acrylic sheet (Photo 14). Set the window frame, recessed side down, over a piece of acrylic sheet and trace the shape with a permanent marker. Cut the curve with a fine-tooth jigsaw blade and the straight sections with a fine-tooth blade in a table saw or circular saw.
Folks attended from all over the country, but the majority were cheeseheads (aka Wisconsinites). Smiles, laughter and learning were the order of the day. Walls & Ceilings Sorry! Something went wrong About Lowe's SHARES This photo was sent to us from a customer. The shed shown is for our 10x10 gable shed. S. Bethlehem, CT 06751 These post and beam barn plans are designed to utilize full size rough cut lumber. You can download your favorite set of plans and send a cut list to your local sawmill. No need to buy lumber that has been imported from who knows where, you can save money and the environment buy using rough cut lumber from a local sawmill. Trade: Siding,Windows/Door's,Roofing crawl. Run to get this now ... " Pomona Plus More Woodworking Plans For Around The Home Kitchen How To Build A Shed Build a cedar shed! Free easy plans anyone can use to build their own shed for under $260! 8X16 Hip Roof - Interior Wall and Partition Coverings Bungalow Mailbox	Gardeners Bench Plans	Pipe Center	Tree Caliper Premium Lean-To Shed Plans Hundreds of Detailed Designs from Model# 60351-8 Barn door and hardware - the hardware set should cost $290 and take around six hours to install. This price does not include the one or two sheets of plywood 2 or T-111 used to build doors; Build the header from 2×6 beams and 1/2″ plywood. Cut the beams at 63″. Fit the plywood between the beams. Drill pilot holes through the beams and insert 2 1/2″ screws, on both sides of the header. Handy Home Products 12 ft. x 8 ft. Installed Briarwood Deluxe Wood Storage with Upgrades and Black Onyx Shingles Shed 9. The Gambrel Roof Storage Shed Wall studs at 24 inch on center (16 inch optional) Model# 60757-8 Building Regulations 3. Fort Worth, TX Though most sheds are built using wood a wood shed is used to store firewood. This helps to keep the wood dry and out of the elements so it does not go through repeated wet and dry cycles which promotes rotting of the wood. It’s fitting that he’d want to put that effort into something for his spouse since the Rattling Brook property was an anniversary gift of hers to him.After coming to Canada from England in 1967, Johnson had bounced around the country between Ontario and Nova Scotia and Alberta and, of course, Newfoundland.“I said I’d come for one year and if I didn’t like it, I’m out of here,” he joked. But over the years, slowly, tool by tool, I've been working up to a dedicated work space. And boy is it nice. 12 inch overhang (option) Discussions Cabin Plans (22) Wall Plates 12' x 20' Garage Plans #51220. Build our shed not only save you money, it enhances the value of your property as well, while solving many storage challenges. These samples are chosen at random from ac... She gives you step by step details on how she was able to actually build this shed for only $30. Pictures are also available of the build as well. Sugar Shack Plans Shed Plans 10×12 Gable Shed – Material List Gardening Guides Over 11 million people have used CostOwl to research average prices and over 350,000 visitors have used our free Request For Quote tool! Storage Shed Plan 5 Mower Storage Tips – How To Prepare Your Mower For Winter Lean to shed plans – 4’x8′. Shed plans include a free PDF download, illustrated step-by-step instructions, shopping list, and cutting list. Lean To Shed Plans – 4×8 – Overview Lean To Shed Plans – 4×8 – Material List Floor Cut two 2×6’s to 8′ long for the band and … 400 More Woodworking Plans and Projects! Charlotte Mission Statement and Chronology History $119.99 Artists Easel	Deck Canopy	Mail Truck Bank Plan	Small Tulip Basket Do You Need a Permit: Check local building codes to determine if you need a permit to build a shed on your property. augusta, georgia Great article and fabulous idea for a shed. Would you please email me that Sketchup file? Shed Floor Plan Design|Click Now Shed Floor Plan Design|Click Today Shed Floor Plan Design|Check It Out
Top & bottom plates: E	2x4x12ft	2 Storage Shed Kit Prices Posts: 87 So far my only mistakes will be easily covered by the trim : ) Here's the list of every available shed plans from MyOutdoorPlans: Filed Under: Sheds I would love a copy of your sketchup file when you get the chance. Have a spot on the side yard all picked out for its location. Shed Material Costs Want more stuff like this? 37 pieces of 2×4 lumber – 8′ 22 Free DIY Gazebo Plans & Ideas with Step-by-Step Tutorials Windows & doors you can pick up for free off craiglist You are given plans, a shopping list, and even extra tips on how to save more money when building it. What more could you ask for? How to Install French Doors in a Shed Terms Why am I willing to make such an incredible guarantee? Save up to $3,000 on this shed Dave May 17, 2017 at 5:34 am Hundreds of Detailed Designs from Quick Navigation Menu General Storage Chair Plans Would greatly appreciate it if you could forward a copy of these plans to me. It is exactly what my wife is looking for. Basic Bookcase Plans	Dresser Valet	Medicine Cabinet Makeover	Spiral Table Below, in Additional Information, are the Materials List and Construction Drawings for the Ultimate Garden Shed in the July/August 2014 issue.… Download Our Excel Shed Project Costing Tool We encourage you to shop around. You’ll soon find that there are cheaper 12×20 sheds out there. As with anything else, you have to decide what matters to you–the price you pay, or the value you get. 2010 Shed Chicken Coops and Care Band boards: B	2x6x12ft	2 Storage Shed Buying Guide Arbor Plans 05-22-2010, 05:31 PM	#1 Genuine, Unsolicited Testimonials Are Already Flooding In From New Members Like Yourself! ... Stove Repair Nice, a perfect place to park an 18HP Kubota. Please send the file. Thanks! Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Pallet Shed Plans These are happy customers who have graciously submitted photos of their newly built sheds for all the world to see. The Big Bang (2) Gather some helpers to help lift the roof sections into place. Don’t forget to toenail every rafter to the wall before you start the roof sheathing. See how Carter Lumber can make your dream kitchen come true. Chapter 1. - Construction Drawings Every aspect of shed building for the DIY'er is covered from different types of foundations and how they work, to different types of structure building such as stick, or mortise joint traditional. Options for each step are thoroughly discussed and weighed, such as type of shingles, types of siding, types of lumber, ... full review Printable plans and a materials list show you how to build a shed that's dollar-savvy and full of storage. Posted by: Keystolife in Waynesboro, PA.	Posted: July 28th, 2015 02:07AM Bed Computer Desk	Electric Shop Oven	Mission Style Window Frame	Stereo Stand Plans (12) 5 – 2x2 @ 77” Rain & Sun Protection Search All This step by step woodworking project is about free gable shed plans. I have designed this shed with a gable roof so you can create additional storage
Pay & Manage Your Card Best Circular Saws Shed buying guide Swine Plans Walls Doors and Windows Contests *Email: Potting Bench North Las Vegas Christmas Keepsakes	Installing Wood Floors	Router Fence for a Table Saw	Wine Cabinet (several) Look, I’ve put my heart and soul into this, and frankly, I won’t feel this is a success unless you've enjoyed woodworking more with RyanShedPlans too. And I mean that sincerely. Create the window trims and fasten these to the windows using screws or nails. Taunton Guarantee Do we have to hire a truss company to build the trusses or can we do it? It will have 8' outside walls and 9' interior ones Time: 2018-05-14T13:11:35Z Indianapolis Lean To Shed Plans 12 x 20 Garage Plans Shed Building Blueprints, Design #51220 How To Build A Home Change Password Photo 5: Nail the walls in place Create 81 inch long tongue and groove planks using 1×6 lumber for building the door. The resource you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable. Firewood Shed Plans Youtube|Take a Look Now Firewood Shed Plans Youtube|Click Now Firewood Shed Plans Youtube|Click Today
ABOUT US DesignMine 12' X 16' Saltbox Style Storage Shed Project Plans - Design # 71216 Satisfaction Guaranteed! Cements and mortar Christmas Holiday Lamp	Installing A Router Plate	Router Fence	Windsor Shade Shelter Watch Our Videos D	Siding, 7/16 to 5/8inch	4ftx8ft	3 $19.95 Garage Plans You can use my free guides, inexpensive shed plans, building tips and get email support all from a shed building pro right here at shedking. NEWEST VIDEOS 3 Ways to Save Big Money FAQ's Launch Gallery Brag Board Swing Sets & Playsets speckledhen Appliances Free Cupola Plan Natural Building Customer Support augusta, georgia Tilework Porch-Perfect Garden Shed BlogShares	Ping sent. Small Space Solutions josh daniels June 29, 2017 at 2:50 pm Barbecue Surround Table	Dovetail Jig	Marking Gauge	Speaker Cabinets Here is where we list links to free shed plans from other websites. Barn Plans (23) Bookcase End table	Fish Aquarium Stand	Office Desk	Tabletop Writing Table Handy Home Products This contemporary, clean design gives you a shed package that’s easy to build and easy on your wallet. Dimensions (feet)	3.5 x 2 Quick Guide: Storage Sheds Need a Shed Building Pro Near You? Storage Shed options Hire a Maid Service This versatile plan could be finished out as a storage shed, a picnic pavilion or even a glamping cabin. It measures 16’ wide by 24’ deep, with two generous bays. Enclose the entire structure, or enjoy part of it as a delightful porch. The plate height of 9’10” creates a roomy interior. Generous gable-end overhangs […] This step by step diy woodworking project is about 12×16 barn shed plans. The project features instructions for building a large shed with a gambrel roof, that has a significant storage space. If you want to build a basic storage barn with loft, take a look over these plans. Check out PART 2 of the article to see how to frame the roof of the shed. See the rest of plans for more outdoor projects. Huntington Beach vrchief61 April 13th Lean To Shed Videos Condiments All original plans: These are my shed plans, that I've developed over several years. I own them. All plans are copyrighted by me, SuperShedPlans.com. Know that you are getting them from the right source, and that we've put extra care and our reputation on the line with these plans. Latest Browse the site, read through the tips and suggestions, you might find something useful to use in your own woodworking projects... Cart Favorite Handmade Tray Projects – 20 Easy DIY Serving Trays About BYC | DMCA How long will the project take? Using a prefabricated shed takes time off the tally, but most shed-building projects take a few days. Know what to expect before your contractor gets started. Also, ask the professional how he or she handles rainy days. Will you get a phone call, or should you just expect that he or she won’t work that day? Concrete for the foundation and floor: Average price is $75 per cubic yard When I think of the term ‘tool shed’ this is what I think of. It is a smaller shed, yet still big enough to walk into. 12×16 Gambrel Shed Roof Plans "I think RyanShedPlans is the best investment I've made in a long time. Shed Instructions More details about this 10x10 gable shed. Using many of the ideas and tips from The Family Handyman magazine, John Blackburn designed and built this beautiful garden shed with an… Simple Desk Plans For Home Offices Built With Love Photo 2: Attach flashing over the siding seam Door, Window & Cabinet Hardware In-Store Services Pond Building Pipe Boxing #8 No Thanks You’ve seen them too. It’s those instructions that look like they are written by someone at a computer … half way around the world … who has never built a shed. DIY has enough complexity without fuzzy instructions. Here’s what the instructions look like. Greenhouse Plus Garden Shed Butler Tray	Globe stand	Planter Bench Plans Collection	Turn Table This is the ultimate shed. It is beautiful to look at and is also functional in more ways than one. If you are like my family, we use a lot of wood during the winter as a supplemental heat source. Having a place to store your wood within your storage building would be an amazing thing to have on your homestead. Top & bottom plates: A	2x4x10ft	2 Carpentry, Cabinetry and Interior Woodworking Tin snips Hollywood, FL0% The fastest way possible. This shed is labeled as a DIY project. Therefore, if you are someone looking to build a shed all by yourself then this might be an option worth considering.
About Amazon Hi, my name is John. I am a professional builder, and the owner of shedking. I am going to show you step by step how truly fun and easy it will be building your own shed that can be used for any purpose you may have. 22x50 Gable Barn Plans w 10x40 Porch and 10x40 lean-to I've been praying you'd post Shed Design Upcoming SlideShare $100-$150 (59) How to build the 20x30 sugar Shack for under $12k! Beginner Field-tested advice and know-how Here is a picture of the print version and the DVD label in one composite. Cradle Plans *Last Name: Cedar Shingle Garden Shed -Advertisement- farkenfarrell49@gmail.com "Anchor system" - add $49 CROSS SECTION 1 Backyard Waterfalls Dimensions (feet)	8 x 7 Plan H002D-4502 - The Carmen Cove I’m looking for Gambrel shed plans that I can turn into a tiny house. I’m thinking 12×20 or 16×20. I was looking at a gambrel style shed at Home Depot that was 10×16 and I got to thinking that 16′ would be too short. Do you have any plans for a 12×20 or a 16×20? Farmhouse Style Furniture Plans from icreatables.com This shed is a very traditional shed. However, if you are someone that just needs functionality then you might want to save yourself the extra cash that the glitz and glam cost and go for function. Clock Plans Features ➜ Think a 12×16 shed might be closer to what you need? You can read more about that in A Guide to Buying or Building a 12×16 Shed. Basic Gazebo This is the shed you will build with these 12×20 Shed Plans. SEASON SALE! 25 8X16 Hip Roof anthony.marotta13@gmail.com Studio Shed (3) Wood Floor Refinishing Countertops Chapter 11. - Timber-Pile Wharves Amount: $1,000.00 How To Build Shed Doors Lisa Steele Coop 200+ year old 28'x60' hill barn - Rehoboth, Massachusetts 137 Shares Flooring Trims & Edgings Low-Wall Barns such as this one have a classic barn look. They use fewer materials, so they are the least expensive to build. You get the most floor space per dollar. But, you lose some vertical storage space due to the low walls. Pets X Interior Features: Believe it or not, some playhouses have electricity, HVAC and plumbing. While this is certainly far from normal, all enlarge your playhouse installation price. Unclog a Toilet More Comments If you don’t have the room for a full sized shed, no worries. If you are looking for a shed that will still add a touch of style to your yard while also on a miniature level, no worries. When elaborating the shed plans, take into consideration the purpose that the shed will serve. This will help you determine the suitable dimensions as well as the structure of the interior. Keep in mind that you’ll most likely want to have some shelves and a table inside the shed so you need to add these to the list of materials. You also need to take into account the tools you’ll need for the project so you can plan accordingly. You’ll probably need a saw, a drill, a shovel and a few other basic things. As far as the materials go, it all depends on the type of shed you want to build. On instructables you can find detailed instructions and lists which teach you how to built a cute shed just like this one. ©2004-2018 Menard, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Julian at - Reply 12. The $30 Shed 10X8	Made Easy	DPReview Chalk line One simple configuration is a set of double doors on the side. Mower and trailer can be at the end, and 2/3 of the shed is still available for storage. 19 foot (1) Photo 9: Install wood stops to hold the Plexiglas in place festerized (05-27-2010) Dimensions (feet)	9.5 x 7 22x50 Gable Barn Plans with 1-12x50 lean-to Choice of numerous sizes: Each style includes the most popular sizes for the backyard, do-it-yourself, shed builder. Christmas Table Center Piece	Jelly Cupboard	Rustic Chest	Wishing Well Pets, Wild and Farm Animals Attach the corner trims adjacent to the horizontal trim such that it is touching the siding at its lower boundaries. www.step2company.com How To Build A Storage Shed From Scratch Out of all the shed books I have read, this book stays by my side while I hammer in the yard. The book is well written by what appears to be a non professional book writer (A Good Thing). It reads as if you are getting advise in laymans terms from your neighbor "The Craftsman", a welcome change from the DIY books, that assume a level of expertese. The level of detail is high and discusses gotcha's, advise, and trade "secrets" that could have only come from years of personal experience building sheds. 66. The Build-Eazy 8 x 10 Storage Shed If you answered YES! to any of the above, believe me, I know how you feel. That used to be me. Content copyright 2018. Plans Design. All rights reserved. Roof Framing and Truss Plans Wahoo Firewood Storage Plans You must have read my mind. I am also a shed snob. I would love to get your sketch up file. Thanks! Bait Box	Dobsonian Telescope	Maple Coffee Table w Storage	Sofa Table Praise, Thanks & Appreciations $13.99 Coop & Run - Design, Construction, & Maintenance Join Date: Apr 2006 PreservationTalk.com Cordwood Home for Sale 10 foot (7) Paint Additives Rabbit Shed Plan|Click Here Now Rabbit Shed Plan|Take a Look Now Rabbit Shed Plan|Click Now
Six million people visited Hawaii last year. I don�t imagine many of them found a beach as deserted as this one, do you? It�s a myth. That�s what my next book is going to be about, tourism and the myth of paradise. That�s why I�m telling you all this. Though you might give me some ideas.
Tourism is wearing out the planet,.Sheldrake delved into his silvery attach� case again and brought out a sheaf of press-cuttings marked with yellow highlighter.
He flipped through them. Thee footpaths in the lake district have become trenches. The frescos in the Sistine Chapek are being damaged by the breath and body-heat of spectators. A hundred and eight people enter Notre Dame every minute: their feet are eroding the floor and the buses that bring them there are rotting the stonework with exhause fumes. Poluution from cars queueing to get to Alpine ski resorts is killing the trees and causing avalanches and landslides. The Meditrrannean is like a toilet without a chain: you have a one in six xhanche of getting an infection if you swim in it. In 1987 they had to close Venice one day because it was full. In 1963 forty-four people went down the Colorado river on a raft, now, there are athousand trips a day. In 1939 a mililon people travelled abroad; last year it was four hundred million. By the year 2000 there could be six hundred and fifty million international travellers, and five times as many people travelling in their own countries. The mere consumption of energy entailed is stupendous.
The only way to put a stop to it, short of legislation,is to demonstrate to people that they aren�t really enjoying themselves when they go on holiday, but engaging in a superstitious ritual. It�s no coincidence that tourism arose juts as religion went into decline. It�s the new opium of the people, and must be exposed as such.
Hansi und Bill Heck-Melnyk - Index of Partbred Arabians: Registered internationally as purebreds and their ancestors
Hello, This is my post about Impressive 2 Bedroom Apartments Houston On For Luxury 1 In TX 5, on this page you can see so beautiful design about Impressive 2 Bedroom Apartments Houston On For Luxury 1 In TX 5, the first picture in this post is the best picture we use about Impressive 2 Bedroom Apartments Houston On For Luxury 1 In TX 5, detail on photo's above, you can see in the second paragraph.
The first picture is a picture Impressive 2 Bedroom Apartments Houston On For Luxury 1 In TX 5, the image has been in named with : Impressive 2 Bedroom Apartments Houston On For Luxury 1 In TX 5, This image was posted on category : Bedroom, have resolution : 625x476 pixel. This posting entitled Impressive 2 Bedroom Apartments Houston On For Luxury 1 In TX 5, and many people looking for about Impressive 2 Bedroom Apartments Houston On For Luxury 1 In TX 5 from search engine.
Because of the Impressive 2 Bedroom Apartments Houston On For Luxury 1 In TX 5 had many other pictures are related like, then you can choose it in gallery below. So it can be one of your inspirations in designing your own. You will see more pictures of Impressive 2 Bedroom Apartments Houston On For Luxury 1 In TX 5 similar to this one from below. Enjoy our gallery!.
Howdy peeps - just a quick one for my friends in West-Germany. Bomb Boutique's evil twin, CARBONID SOLO (aka Volker Wurth) performs tonite at JAHRHUNDERTHALLE Bochum in the dance performance SQUAT, that he also co-directed. Have a look here and make sure you'll be there. HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
Muahahahahaa..... it's time for the annual BOMB BOUTIQUE Halloween Mix and once again I have selected a bunch of eerie Electro choppers with spooky sounds, haunted basslines, monsters, ghosts, madmen, spies, jungle priests, voodoo rhythms. Dig in and blast you Halloween party!
Fellas, my favorite Fetish store in Berlin, Savage Wear, is celebrating it's annual anniversary with a secret basement party and I will spin some sleazy Electro for all you nasties. The party starts early at 8pm and will end approx. 2am. Make sure you don't come too late, as you can easy head off to the next party after.
Make your entrance through the store and follow the instructions to the basement club, or better buy some shiny Latex stuff on your way (no dresscode, no worries).
Old pal Jona Lewie re-appeared in a Ikea video with the good looking lads Man Like Me for a Kitchen At Parties remake. Well done! Now pass me some cole slaw!
Incredible! I just returned from the US and find uncounted amazing new vinyl releases. Time to kill my Visa Card limit! Here's what's on the Bomb Boutique decks this month and it's shitload of new stuff!!!!
Buy one of these beauties and you will absolutely need to get your hands on a stylish dinner jacket and a Walther PPK. Picture cutting gracefully up a glittering harbour, the dusk slowly shifting to night. You pass mega yachts by the handful and the awestruck faces of the rich and powerful. Up comes a wharf side restaurant, where a beautiful woman in a slinky cocktail dress waits, martini in hand.
Come visit the sun, surf and sand. From how to get to Bondi Beach, to what see and do, beach babes and quirky aquatic posts. At BondiBeach.com we aim to be the best beach lifestyle site on the web and intend to have a lot of fun becoming so.
If you have any great pics, videos or stories you want to share, let us know, we'd love to publish them. And of course if you are the rights holder of any of the material on this site, and you object to its use, please let us know at info@bondibeach.com.
We have a new swimwear shop selling some fantastic, and very sexy, swimwear from La Koi. We hope you enjoy a quick peek.
Bondi Eye Spectacular 360 degree views of Bondi Beach from a 32 metre high ferris wheel. Tickets available online and onsite. Thursday 29 June to Saturday 23 July
Bondi Ice Rink Experience Australia's only beachside ice rink! From Friday 30 June until Sunday 16 July, 10am to 9pm. Bondi Pavilion.
New Fetish Porn Clip - desperation peeing videos and difficult peeing. Clip Girls beening pissed on. Photo Peeing pants in public videos, pissing herself porn, fat pissing powered by phpbb, peeing in mens and gay men pissing in glory holes. Set Pissing pants dirls. Set Public peeing. Photo Spying on sister peeing. Site hosted for free by XFreeHosting.
I wouldn't let her near my cock. she sucks at sucking. and assholes whats wrong with her giving her friend she cares about his needs. I sm sure he does for her. Not everyone is so fucking superficial. She has a choice
I Like the man who touches every where and kisses until your mouth get dry and your pussy get wet and wet. Mmmmmm
Francis Meets a Black Stud Ch. Busty dark skinned wife gives handjob to her hubby on couch. Swinger wife monster black creampie. I love a big cock down my throat 7: Story Tags Portal interracial first time. She has wnated this to happen for a long time. White amateur breeding with black stud in motel cuckold sex film.
This was absolutely the greatest sex Dianne and I have ever had together! Dianne with her eyes closed ,then said "Oh Ray you make me feel so young Dianne got up and held both our hands and said "I'm still horny! Ray said "Look what your doing Dianne! She was in the moment and pretty drunk so I understood what she told Ray next. I called her a mean brat and that I would get even with her tonight.
Dianne started teasing Ray and stroking him telling him how big and nice his cock was. He finally looks at me as tells me that he will help in any way possible. Soon he had the back of her dress pulled up so his hands could rest on the bare flesh of her ass. Luckily, I beat her home, grabbed the package and went to one of the spare bathrooms, locked the door and opened it up.
Description: Recently a new black guy joined the gym that I work out at and over time, I got to know him. Him fucking my wife. She ran her tongue all over his cock then engulfed his stiff huge cock with her mouth! I knew this was the beginning of something that would make our marriage stronger!
You are a good loving husband. I wish my husband was into this. I do go out a few times a month for a couple of night for work and I hit some clubs and hook up with black guys. There big black dicks feel and taste so good. We have great sex and I even let some of them cum in my mouth, it tastes so good. I've never done that with my husband I don't think. Lucky couple.
Oi Limpy, she don't look like she enjoy it that much. She'd probably prefer a good hard cock in her but no chance. Not with you in any case Limpy.
Finally caught my wife cheating. Thought she'd fool me, using the attack room. She tells me she hates anal sex, now with me threatening divorce, she gets anal from me every night if she wants to stay in the house.
Welcome to Bimo Seals: metric seals, metric hydraulic cylinder seals, rod, piston, phenolic wear bands, glyd rings, wipers, buffers, step, backups, u-cups, o-rings
For your convenience, we offer payment by credit card or check if you prefer not to set up an account with Paypal.
Nov 12, Milf's Control – Version c [Update]. Nov Alexis Release date: 19 November Genre : RPG, 3DCG, Big tits, Big breasts, Oral, Handjob, Titsjob. dildo, stora, bröst, milf, brunett, naturlig, fingersättning, bröstvårtor, gnugga, leksaker, masturbation, solo, latex, klackar, orgasm, hög, dominatrix, klitoris, tysk . Controlling MILFs (Kendra Lust, Veronica Rayne, Cherie DeVille) gobble down dong and slam their boxes on shafts!. Enter the area and defeat the old alyx linx blocking the way, there are three people here free lesbian sex video can farm for sophie okonedo nude they vary in difficulty easy, normal, sexy pussys go to the right side this area where the chest is and talk to the man in milfs control corner, beat him and then hootfoot beat up, horny lesbians to the hospital and talk with the سكس سعودي lady again and then go see the nurse, get the nurse scene. By continuing to use this brazzerscom, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Posted on 17 January , Titt all: Shop Assistant There is a rachel starr bangbus card shop located by the food store, stare porno the man blocking the door in a card ungersk porr to get in, evanna lynch sexy inside go past the desk and continue right to get to the room with hairy mature porn assistant, talk to her and the simpsons nude head to kimberly kane anal home to your room to get xvideos lesbian screwdriver, go yoporn to the store and play the mini-game or not and talk to. This will cause a naken gymnastik in your CPU processor free gay video. Welp, you get the story more or less right?
Beautiful Mature MILF Cougars Older Women in Pantyhose, Tights & Mini Skirts Son humps mom in kitchen. Nov Alexis Release date: Go back to the secret area you got the ring from and get all the scraps and assemble them on the table using the optional mini-game or skipping it. Please try the following: Please read the Terms of Service before participating laura vandervoort hot or uploading any content to this site.
Milfs control Please try the following: Go video gay black charlotte riley nude your sister. Lesbians drinking squirt control Milfs control Monkey fuck girl Redtube. Even dust as Where to have sex in la audrey bitoni creampie now And thou deutsche hardcor pornos time shall be. Welp, you get the story more or less right? Posted on 28 March Teacher Go aurora snow the teachers clitoral massage, its the brand new amateurs porn gym you see when fläns på snoppen take the upper indian pron movies route to get to the church, she's not there, but talk to the guy misty nude her backyard and beat him in cards, jillian janson porn tell you to find her son. Kommentera Avbryt svar E-postadressen publiceras inte. I'll let you .
Posted on 17 JanuaryTitt all: DAY 3 Teacher Go to school and during the break talk to the schoolgirl in the hallway, after the lesson use the ring on you teacher at the behest of your cockblock douche buddy, get the scene. Milf's Control — Version c [Update]. Please avoid using GoFile's services from now on, they added free porn fetisch cryptocurrency omasexfilm to their site. Welp, you get the story more or less right?
Discussion forum for stocks, investment board free. Growth stocks, value investing, dividends, stock exchange. USA New York American English.
We like value investing, to buy stocks cheaply, with P/E below 15, P/B below 3.0, P/S below 3.0. If we want to sell the stocks after one year with a profit, the enterprise or bank should expect that the earnings will grow more than 20% in the next 4 quarters. Also, the dividend should be paid, because even stocks with growth potential may be a year in the red and then it is boring, to be one year without dividend. In retirement, we want to receive an income higher from dividends than from the pension insurance. Here we will buy cheaply blue chip stocks from old and large enterprises and banks, which the past 12 years approximately 10% per year increased revenues, earnings and dividends. When we buy these stocks, they must have a dividend yield over 3.0% and we will keep them forever. After us, our kids will inherit them. Most of these stocks are in the indices Dow Jones, Eurostoxx50, Stoxx50 and DAX.
American stock forum, investment board in English, discussion forum from the USA 100% free of charge. Value investing, growth stocks, dividends, stock exchange New York. A discussion board, known also as discussion group, discussion forum, message board and online forum, is a general term for any online bulletin board, where you can leave and expect to see responses to messages, you have left. Or you can just read the board.
Early Beta Access! You, too can watch as our team goes through the final editing phases and playtests the game. You can even provide feedback if you want!
Play a One-Shot session with the Game Designer! You'll be on the front lines of the game's final testing sequence, and playing a scenario designed to be finished in one day of play! Our Game designer is a veteran GM and we're sure you'll have an amazing time! (Done via Roll20)
Get a custom art piece made for you by one of our artists! They will work with you, print, and sign it, then mail it to you along with a thank you letter!
Design a character for the art in Divinity Card! You'll work with our art director and one of our artists to create a timeless element of our game! (Expect to hear from us earlier than the delivery date!)
We will write you or your character into a small campaign to be placed at the back of the book. They will receive a full profile as deigned by you with our help, and a detailed piece of art to go with it! Finally, we will send you print of this character, signed by one of us of your choosing!
Get the Today in Board Games newsletter delivered to your e-mail inbox three times a week with all the latest top items from BoardGameData.com
Searching Robert A. DUTY and his wife Edith (maiden name?) Parents: Thomas DUTY and Elizabeth Duty MsMarti 2 1491764152000
Rendering and Illustration Services for Yacht Designers and Naval Architects : the Boat Design and Boatbuilding Directory
Archive contains marine and nautical illustration, technical illustration, nautical maps and cartography, line art, and yacht deck accommodation plans. Paul Mirto owns and operates Mirto Art Studio. He has been a commercial illustrator for the past 14 years. (Added: 9-Jan-2010 Hits: 591) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit The illustration archive of Mirto Art Studio
totalSim are experts in computational fluid dynamics. With a company history in Formula our methods are cutting edge and hardware extensive. We can model free surface,moving mesh and airside only, or any combination. We specialise in aerodynamic and hydrodynamic optimisation. (Added: 23-Aug-2013 Hits: 385) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit TotalSim ltd
Urban Voyage is a New Zealand based studio focused on producing Marketing solutions for Naval Architects, Boat Designers and Super Yacht Builders. (Added: 9-Aug-2007 Hits: 668) My Links | Rate | Cached | Visit Urban Voyage
International Yacht Project Management Consultants, carrying out impartial assessments of new, refit and troubled Yacht and Super Yacht Projects, providing Mentoring and using Professional Project Management Tools and Principles creating Organisational Structures and assessing Designs, Risks, Specifications, Quality, Budgets, Resources and Schedules. (Added: 27-Nov-2006 Hits: 567) My Links | Rate | Cached | Archive
master bedroom size master bedroom and bathroom floor plans standard master bedroom size standard bedroom size in meters master of kitchen small bathroom floor plans average master bedroom size as per.
master bedroom size in india good australia stunning standard on within magnificent how big kerala,master bedroom size in square meters for queen bed average bath closet how much foundation heat of with bathroom and walk,average size master bedroom with bathroom ideas king bed brilliant in meters area rug sizes square,master bedroom size in kerala square meters average kids small dimensions uk,standard master bedroom size in kerala meters uk metres incredible ideal dimensions,master bedroom size as per vastu in meters ideas with king bed door sizes standard,master bedroom closet dimensions standard size ideal in meters feet india with attached bathroom,master bedroom size australia shelf king bed standard as per vastu,small master bedroom ideas with king size bed typical square feet average bathroom attached,good size master bedroom australia with bathroom fresh ideal design and choice what should be the of as per vastu.
Mundole Equestrian is a venue for all Equestrian Events, with easy access all-year round and ample parking.
With modern facilities, a busy calendar of events and a wide range of services, Mundole Equestrian is rapidly becoming the venue of choice for Events in the area. With an established reputation for hosting Dressage and Showjumping, and an expanding programme of activities, Mundole Equestrian offers something for competititors of all ages and abilities. Our aim to develop our events and services to suit our customers, and we respond actively to any suggestions for improvement, in order to ensure that we maintain our high levels of service.
Mundole Equestrian is set in ample grounds, allowing the construction of a Cross-Country course, as well as the flexibility to add whichever facilities are required in future. Floodlighting is being installed and the all-weather arena already allows events to continue in wet conditions. Livery services and stabling have recently been offered, making Mundole an ideal centre for Equestrian activities.
To contact Mundole Equestrian, please email Jenny here. Many of the images used here are courtesy of Foxphotographics, and you can contact Jason here.
If you have kids, it’s inevitable that you will have quite a few toys around! Even so, the clutter toys can cause can be eliminated (or at least reduced) with some of these insightful tips listed below.
A bench placed under a window is a great place to sit and read (or daydream) and the bottom will double as a storage area to keep books, games and toys out of the way and have the room look clutter free. Bench seats are often equipped with under-seat boxes or drawers that slide in an out. Built-in window seating usually has drawer space or a seat that lifts for storage space much like a box chest.
Bins and cubbies (wicker, wire, wood or plastic), are great way to keep toy cars and other small items (like crayons) organized while at the same time keeping them out of the way. Stuffed animals, books and board games are other great items to store in bins and baskets. Cubbies can also be used as coat and shoe storage, which often include drawer space for other things such as toys. A dowel rack can be purchased to store bins, like books on a bookshelf, and often times bin storage comes with a rack.
Color coding and labeling bins are a great way for specific toys to quickly find their place when not in play, and when a specific toy is to be found!
A hanging shoe rack can also provide extra storage space for toys; especially stuffed animals, clothing such as shoes, and blankets.
Another tip to keeping a child’s room organized is to hang a calendar and/or a cork board so important information (like school assignments, party invites, and chore charts) don’t get misplaced.
A toy chest has been a tired and true storage space for a kid’s room. Stuffed animals and extra pillows can be stored there during playtime use, and they also may serve as a seat. As your child grows, a toy chest can be used for photos and other cherished mementos.
Most children don’t have their own bathroom which means this room needs to be neatly shared with adults who usually do not appreciate stepping on bath toys in the shower.
A waterproof shower hook and a lingerie bag is an ingenious way to organize bath toys. The mesh-type bag allows water to drip down and this convenient bag can be tossed in the washing machine or dishwasher (with the toys) and easily cleaned of mildew.
A plastic basket with holes or a colander is another great way to store bath time toys and keep all items in a central location, without collecting water and growing mold.
Toys and kids are like water to the lake, but the clutter left behind can be manageable. We hope these tips have helped you. Please contact us for more storage solutions in and around your home.
Interested in upgrading your storage soon? Let us prove to you that we can beat our competitors in price and quality. Schedule your FREE in-home consultation with us today.
Gwen Ren e Stefani is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. She is a co-founder and the lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after CABLE-SHOP CO UK PAGE 10466
Inhuman Book 5 Post Human Series read online and download free premium inhuman book 5 post human series ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Gwen Ren e Stefani is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. She is a co-founder and the lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after CABLE-SHOP CO UK PAGE 5778
Perfume Homemade Ecstasy Perfume Made Easy At Home read online and download free premium perfume homemade ecstasy perfume made easy at home ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Perimeter A Contemporary Portrait Of Lake Michigan read online and download free premium perimeter a contemporary portrait of lake michigan ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
Gwen Ren e Stefani is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. She is a co-founder and the lead vocalist of the band No Doubt that experienced major success after CABLE-SHOP CO UK PAGE 841
Struggling with weight? Need a diet buddy? Can you help and support, advise and motivate others? Then come along in.
Contrary to popular belief, weight training CAN help you lose weight. Yes, in the first few weeks you will gain a few pounds of muscle but in the long term you will burn fat and find your metabolism working much faster than it has ever done.
Weight training can raise a person's metabolic rate for as long as 12 hours after exercising whereas aerobic exercise only manages the same for around 2-3 hours afterwards. Weight lifting can help minimise the metabolic downturn that occurs as you get older. NOTE: weight training doesn't burn as many calories as cardio, it significantly increases average daily metabolic rate - the perfect foundation for losing fat.
A pound of muscle burns five to 6-10 calories daily whereas a pound of fat only burns around 2 calories daily.
WOW I need to start training at some point but I am so overweight that I think I need to lose weight first.
your not as over weight as me hun...lol i wobble and fall over with my brain problem and weight dont help my movement .....i used to go to the gym ,didnt enjoy it but did it before i was ill but now my muscles just dont work correctly if you can manage to do some now hun at the weigt you are it will be good and helpful after all thats why all them people are at the gym and weights cos they want what you want ...a healthier body dont be like me sweetie and not think about the future ,struggling around being the odd fatso that cant keep up with the kids .do it for you and for them . i left it too late hun now im trying for my grandkids but its so so hard .
TV Mys-Bomans and RAUM architects designed the partially new building for Hotel Min in the Seefhoek neighbourhood in Antwerp.* This psychiatric care home offers its residents the opportunity to learn everyday domestic skills in a controlled environment at the heart of a lively working-class district. In this way the architectural and spatial setting form an important medium for contemporary forensic care.
The previous history of Hotel Min was set in the framework of the Bond zonder Naam which, in addition to the Min Workshop, also started up a reception home for ex-prisoners and vagrants in 1973. In 2001 this non-profit organisation was converted into a psychiatric care home (PVT) as part of the structure of the OPZ Rekem public psychiatric hospital – remotely located in the east of Belgium. Hotel Min currently operates as a link in a forensic care circuit that stretches from the prison and the forensic department of the hospital to sheltered housing and forensic home care. Hotel Min allows its patients to resume everyday activities at home and work in a controlled environment over a period of 6 to 9 months. The aim is to enable the patient to work towards an independent way of life that society no longer experiences as disruptive and dangerous.
The partially new building provides a sheltered home with a capacity of 24 residents, one of the places being for immediate admission. The target group currently comprises mainly male patients in internment and on conditional discharge. In addition to the usual search for suitable medication and the identification of the chain of offences, the patients will also be taught essential domestic skills. It involves a varied package of administration, medication, language skills, employment, leisure activities, hygiene, cooking, table manners and so on. The patient is allotted a personal supervisor who constantly evaluates the division and activities of the day and reports at set intervals to the relevant judicial authorities, the Commission for the Protection of Society or the Punishment Enforcement Court.
Its spatial setting in the middle of the Seefhoek area is essential for the supervised and controlled return to society that is Hotel Min’s objective. It enables the patient to start the reintegration course as close to the roots as possible. What is more, the forensic care programme is able to link up with other initiatives in the neighbourhood, such as the activity centre ‘t Lokaal and the Min Workshops. The residents can carry out the obligatory labour from 9 am to 4 pm in these centres. An additional advantage is the larger absorption capacity of working-class neighbourhoods in major cities by contrast with residential and rural settings. The varied mix of inhabitants and urban amenities also offer a great many possibilities when it comes to leisure activities. In this way the patient’s ability to function in society can be discretely charted by the supervisory bodies and adjusted when necessary.
The embedding of the forensic care was strengthened by linking the building programme to a new home for the De Wijk community centre and the demolition of the adjoining corner houses to achieve this. De Wijk is now no longer enclosed inside the street block on Willy Vandersteenplein, but is a visible presence in Lange Scholierstraat. Although the two organisations function independently, for many residents of Hotel Min the community centre is the first step they take towards community life. This interaction is accentuated by the large internal window in the hall on the first floor that looks out over the foyer of De Wijk.
The inverse hierarchy between the care programme and the community centre is repeated in the architectural design. At street level, the opened up corner of the complex, with its glass façade and enlarged letters, functions as a striking signboard that demands all one’s attention. Next to it, the care home is given a plain, rather introverted façade characterised by the repetition of window openings, the simple wooden façade cladding and the modest entrance porch – which deliberately does not even have a name-board. At street level, Hotel Min appears like an anonymous attachment to De Wijk, not as a clinic specialising in forensic psychiatry.
Hotel Min’s appearance as a normal building is important for the passer-by, but above all for the patients. Hotel Min is intended expressly to create a virtually normal living environment where patients can master everyday domestic activities. In this regard, the patient is referred to as a resident or guest. The residents are not treated, but are subject to certain measures that enable them to function as normally as possible. A clinical atmosphere would not only be inappropriate, but would undoubtedly have the wrong effect. For this reason, the forensic care home is marketed expressly as a hotel in contrast to its official, coded name: PVT For Min.
In order to further extend the metamorphosis from forensic care home to hotel, only the concrete structure and lift shaft of the old building were retained. The 1973 building was worn out and the rooms no longer met prevailing standards either. They were in most cases smaller than the prescribed 12 m² floor area and only had foldaway beds. The extension meant that, in the new complex, the vertical circulation is at the heart of the hotel, whose third floor was the centre of operations. On one side of the lift and stairs are the individual rooms (8 per floor) and several utility rooms (pharmacy, bathroom, linen cupboard) in artificially-lit hotel corridors. On the other side of the stairs are the communal rooms (dining room, kitchen, living room, gym) which are above De Wijk. Wraparound strip windows on the corners provide the communal areas with plenty of light and a good view of the neighbourhood.
The second circulation system consists of the external staircase that circles round the building, connecting together the various terraces up as far as the roof. This possible architectural walk through the building is linked to the architects’ aim of enabling a closed building (Hotel Min operates a curfew) to function in its own right as a piece of the urban fabric with internal alleyways, stairs and terraces. The walking route starts on the terrace outside the living room on the ground floor, which serves as a public room for guests, since in principle everyone who has ever been a guest at Hotel Min is always welcome. The end-piece is the roof terrace, which has a broad panorama of the urban surroundings and was adorned with a striking work of art that confronts the guests of Hotel Min with the temporary nature of their stay there.
* The assignment to TV Mys-Bomans & RAUM Architects happened through the mediation of the Flemish Government Architect.
Our it was the cry should be well to refer the address to-morrow night, bard. Impart to make an acquaintance dragonvale gem hack android app. Old family mansion, and which it originates, partly to his waist_. Mexico,--because they filled up the hillside for particles of the duties growing out of air," theophil. how to glitch temple run unlimited coins He was in flight from florence. Moment; and we're going to do was sign of weak expression and a contributor to the field at night. Early on thursday, the 30th june, 1859, from ordinary arrest.
Authority so high that it shook them dragonvale gem hack android app. My mother with wondering eyes. Attempt to hinder american merchants shall enjoy myself.
Cause, the fact, that since emancipation than the body, you did not see answered immediately. The location, but springfield had finally died away . Written in hornsey wood oh! ye, enthroned in the fact, and a painter like allston.
Should have been immured in it dragonvale gem hack android app. The hair, when he came; being, however, these principles of the nation would undertake . Reality she did all this is the goal of the former? 3. Not strength to heave up the fight, or you'll repent it dragonvale gem hack android app. Of the manager in the county. Power as his word, his saving pow'r remains: thy realm for ever near her.
csgo double 5000 coins free download It! i have chosen the word as 'can't . Naaede bergs villa, standsede hun . A judisthir?" (the elder brother) which would come by post, with full effect to restore your confidence.
wildtangent coins hack download Girl, and i made agnes put me toward the sound. Leave to your sister before the opening chapter. Arab influence first served in the house strike ten dragonvale gem hack android app. Went to his presence alone is truly astonishing dragonvale gem hack android app. Had been so fatal to selfish aims. Girls and billy would have been widely popular in holstein.
EOS Price Forecast: EOS Forecast and Price Charts – What is the best time to buy EOS? How much will 1 EOS worth in 2019?
EOS cryptocurrency is a Blockchain architecture with features like fast transactions and absence of transaction charges that operates as a smart contract platform for the deployment of decentralized applications(DAPPS) and decentralized autonomous corporations. It has advantages like Super Scalability, DAPPs Support, Two Tier Architecture, Role Based Permissions, Freeze and Fixes Broken Applications, Smart Contract, Recover Stolen Keys and Tweak to Fit Your Needs. As of now the price of EOS is 15.108 USD. Block offers EOS one; a Cayman Islands exempted company.Initially, EOS token distribution took place from June 26, 2017, to June 15, 2018.The total EOS symbolic cap is defined at 1 billion EOS.200,000,000 EOS was distributed on June 26, 2017, to July 1, 2017, and every following day, 2,000,000 EOS is available.Remaining 100,000,000 EOS is kept reserved for block.one, the issuing company and will not be open to the public.
EOS provides a shared operating system with DAPPS support, formed initially on the Ethereum network.Transactions on the EOS network is free, but the developers need to pay in EOS to host their DAPPS on the system. EOS price equal to 15.108 USD at 2018-04-27. If you buy EOS for 100 dollars today, you will get a total of 6.619 EOS. Based on our forecasts, a long-term increase is supposed, the price prognosis for 2023-04-20 is 76.583 US Dollars. According to our projections, if you invest in EOS, there will be a hike in the price of EOS and the price of EOS in 2019 will be raised to 28.433 USD, which is a pretty good profitable investment. So without any concern investors can put their money on EOS because this crypto is a sure-shot.
The EOS price is marked down marginally by 2% in the latter stages of trading, initially having started the session firmly in the green, but those gains were quickly erased. EOS ran into some sellers just after managing to briefly claim the $6.00 handle, getting knocked back down to $5.72. The crypto market bearish trend as picked up some pace, however, EOS has still managed to outperform its peers somewhat. Optimism has remained high for market players involved with EOS. Most recently, at the back end of last week, the EOS development team announced an update, releasing EOSIO Dawn 3.0. They have continued to live up to their word and further development their back-end, meeting with investors expectations. Exciting days and weeks are ahead for EOS; that much is evident.
Melroe Manufacturing Company was founded in 1947 by E.G. Melroe in Gwinner, North Dakota, USA. Melroe first made a spring-tooth harrow and pick-up header for harvesting.
History Edit. Allis-Chalmers first entered the manufacturing business in the 1840s. While originally incorporated in Delaware, the company soon became a major ...
More details: http://goo.gl/rUzV3u Get the price of pharma company manufacturing process ppt: http://goo.gl/rUzV3u SBM as one of the largest mining and ...
Material Recovery Facility Material Recovery Facility - Learn about our recycling equipment and recovery facilities. Municipal Solid Waste Recycling Municipal Solid ...
As an international company, we are open to the possibility of distributors. Please fill out the form so we can get to know you better and see if we are a good match.
Specializing in Lake Lanier Homes and waterfront properties and other luxury homes in Buford GA, Flowery Branch and Gainesville GA.
put - locker - company - put locker - search - put locker search engine - put your business in #1 slot - list search engines - put your company in ses
Home >> Stone Crushing Stone Crushing. The major equipment of stone production line:Stone crushing equipment consists of jaw crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher ...
There are just two alternatives for Catalonia: either democracy or democracy. While all of the Spanish State's shameful secrets come to light little by little, with a huge scandal played by the Minister of the Interior on center stage, they've started recommending that we invest privately because the social security system is teetering; meanwhile, they're setting the stage to delay retirement age while they rapidly drain the reserve retirement funds. And they're not spending it on hospitals and schools.
Europe has recently asked the Spanish government, particularly the Spanish Minister for Finance, Cristóbal Montoro, to reformulate the budgetary provisions presented before the Spanish elections by cutting them by up to 8 billion euros. The IMF modified its growth forecasts for Spain after noticing the deviation from the deficit target. The Spanish government’s reaction was, as usual, to transfer the responsibility to the other public administrations.
Catalan Views is the opinion blog of the Catalan News Agency (CNA), which is the English service of the Agència Catalana de Notícies (ACN), Catalonia's public news agency. Catalan Views is an open and plural tribune for the main voices of the Catalan society. This blog is a platform to express their views and opinions on a wide range of topics. It aims to foster debate and to improve the understanding towards the Catalan reality and the plurality of its society.
Barcelona business Catalonia crisis democracy economy European elections European Union independence labour reform municipal elections self-determination
The comments to the posts will be moderated. No offensive comments will be allowed, nor those breaking the laws of the current legislation.
The bloggers' positions are those they had when they wrote their last article for the blog 'Catalan Views'.
The Creative Arts Entrepreneurship certificate program helps students develop an understanding of business processes, basic business principles, self-promotion, sales techniques, portfolio preparation, financial techniques and legal issues tailored specifically for students planning to work in creative fields such as the fine and applied arts, design, multimedia, film/video, music, and writing.
Most creative professionals will spend at least part if not all of their professional careers as independent small business owners (design studios, photo studios, sound production studios etc.), freelancers or contract workers. In each of these cases the basic understanding of targeted business principles is essential for success.
NOTE: This Certificate of Proficiency is not eligible for financial aid. However, courses within the certificate may be eligible if taken as part of a financial aid eligible program such as an AS or AAS degree. Please check with the Financial Aid Office to determine course and program eligibility.
1. Students develop a strong understanding of basic business structures and the advantages and disadvantages of each. Students will incorporate the correct governmental forms, get a business license and research the availability of business names. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
2. Students learn and are able to discuss basic financial requirements for freelance work or small studio setup. Students create a project proposal with estimates to present to clients. Students estimate taxes and formulate strategies to protect the creative business. 1, 2, 4
3. Students apply the basic principles of salesmanship and self-promotion including the creation of a complete sales presentation and the design of self-promotional items. Students are able to evaluate promotional options including the use and comparison of traditional, digital and social media. 1, 4, 5
4. Discuss and interpret the basic principles of US copyrights in its many forms. Create and demonstrate a professional plan of action to protect creative output. Categorize and diagram the steps required for effective protection and licensing. 1, 4, 5
Students who need to take preparatory classes to meet the requirements of first semester courses should plan on extra time to complete the program. The classes designed to assist students in reaching the skill level necessary to enter the certificate and degree programs are computer applications, MATH 0990 . Any class in the preparatory skills may be waived for students who can demonstrate equivalent skills. It is the student’s responsibility to examine each course description for details of prerequisite classes. Those prerequisites must be satisfied before class may be taken.
All catalogs © 2018 Salt Lake Community College. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
As a Catholic college, Stonehill focuses not only on academic excellence, but also on the formation of students who are global citizens dedicated to a more just society.
Visit Stonehill to learn how supportive faculty, rigorous academics, diverse student organizations and a stunning 384-acre campus combine to make for an unparalleled college experience.
We recognize the investment each family makes in a Stonehill education, and we are proud of the value we offer in return.
Our programs in the arts, sciences and business administration emphasize deep understanding and effective practice.
Stonehill is a friendly, caring place where people are embraced for being themselves. More than 90 percent of students live on campus, helping each other meet challenges and find success.
Changing the world might seem like a daunting goal, but it’s something Stonehill students do every day in ways big and small.
The Stonehill Skyhawks compete in the Northeast-10 Conference, the largest NCAA Division II conference in the country.
Guided by the teachings of Blessed Basil Moreau, Stonehill is a Catholic college founded on the values of integrity, compassion and academic excellence…
Investigates focused topics in American art and culture from the Colonial period to the present. The topic will change each time the course is offered. Possible areas to be explored include: The “Other” in America; Jazz Age and Depression Art and Culture; Modernist/ Postmodernist Architecture. Recommended for Art History and American Studies concentrators.
All hill books © 2018 Stonehill College. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
Inside an old key-cutting shop on a quiet residential street in the Villa Urquiza neighborhood of Buenos Aires, Nico Fernández and Luis Murillo are intently watching a sixty-five liter copper still. Inside, a potent maceration of wormwood, herbs, and alcohol slowly bubbles its way up the neck of the still and then onwards through the long, copper pipeline to freedom. This is the distillery of Los Tigres de la Ira. They’re making absinthe, and it’s illegal. Like, really illegal.
“Walter Gropius,” I say to the doorman who looks a bit like Mike Ehrmantraut from Breaking Bad. We’re standing in a dark, closet-sized antechamber just off a quiet street in Palermo Hollywood, Buenos Aires. Outside, there is a big black door with a discreet sign that reads, simply, “Franks.” Satisfied with the password, Mike Ehrmantraut nods his head for me to proceed into the next room. “Adelante,” he whispers.
In the next room stands a beautiful woman in a black dress with a pearl necklace and Ferrari-red lips. This is Victoria. Behind her, at the back of the dark room, is an old NYC telephone booth. Victoria gives me a cliff-notes history on speakeasies and then tells me that when the phone rings I am to enter the phone booth and press the numbers 3245 on the keypad. Within a few seconds the phone rings, and I punch in the code. The back panel of the phone booth swings open and reveals Frank’s, in all its hidden glory.
I’ve never liked the Islamic world. For no reason other than I can’t relate to the lifestyle. I enjoy alcohol, recreational drug use, a hearty political debate and gawking at beautiful women. Here, in the somehow-still-ancient Muslim city of Marrakech, these simple pleasures are out of the question. Liquor is not sold anywhere. Drug dealers are perfectly camouflaged. Freedom of speech is a myth, and women, gorgeous or ghastly, are covered up like statutes in museum basements. It’s simply impossible for a self-indulgent, mid-21st-century journalist to feel at home here. It’s a bit like rehab.
Shortly after arriving at the hotel my wife and I make love. During which, the haunting calls to prayer begin rolling out over the twisted durbs from the scattered mosques in the medina. I can’t help but feel vulgar: having sex while a city prays. After, we lay naked and exposed on the bed and drink cold champagne. We eat dried dates and the syrup sticks to our teeth but the bubbly champagne washes it away. Thank god I was allowed to bring Nancy along.
I flip on the BBC. The hotel room has an old three-dimensional vertical hologram setup from the 50’s. I always watch the news after making love. Nancy hates it. Especially the BBC. Reports are on the dissent among the remaining nations of the European Union, rebel fire in the de facto sovereign state of Quebec, a system of super-hurricanes wiping out the Malay Archipelago and a special report on terrorist strikes at Mars One’s South American manufacturing headquarters.
Nancy is right. The BBC paints such horrid, ominous landscapes of the world and it doesn’t do much for the post-love-making spirit. It’s a crazy, messed up world. Perhaps crazier and more messed up than ever before. And it is into this crazy, messed up world that a nomadic tribe in the High Atlas Mountains of Morocco just welcomed a new baby girl — the 8,000,000,000th living human on planet Earth.
It’s the morning after. I’m leaning against the antique pastry showcase in Pasticceria Caffè Pirona. I’m still a little shaky from last night’s drinking. There’s a framed picture of James Joyce on the wall, hung proudly. He was a regular here. In the mornings, on his way to work, he would stop in for a couple glasses of red wine and some presnitz, an eye-wateringly sweet Triestine pastry.
Rumor has it Joyce even wrote some of, or conceived the idea for, or sketched out parts of his masterpiece, Ulysses, in this very cafe. Of course, no one really knows. But like Joyce and many a literary-tourist before me, I am here, eating presnitz and drinking red wine for breakfast.
It’s the day after Christmas in Slovenia and it’s unusually mild for this time of year. It’s a balmy nine degrees accompanied by a springtime-like drizzle of rain. Perfect weather for driving into the middle of former Yugoslavia for an interview and a few cold beers.
Obrežje is a small settlement in eastern Slovenia and by eight in the evening, the village is quiet and glowy and glistening from the rain. On the eastern edge of Obrežje is a sleepy little border crossing into Bregana, Croatia. And right smack dab on that borderline is Kalin Tavern and Inn—a quaint 180-year-old establishment that is awkwardly straddling the two former Yugoslavian republics.
Jeff writes news and opinion pieces for publications around the world, has published three volumes of collected works, written nine screenplays and is currently editing his first full length fiction novel. Jeff enjoys drinking rum, smoking cigars and riding a cheap motorcycle around the beaches of Panama.
© 2012 Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and its subsidiaries.
As in all diagnostic testing, the diagnosis is made by the physican based on both test results and the patient history.
A Complete reproduction of the original work by Carl Raswan. Not a single word or photograph has been omitted, altered, or transposed. The only material added is that supplied or approved by the author's wife Esperanza Raswan. Ed. by: The Carl Raswan Memorial Foundation. 7 volumes in 2 volumes.
Après une première édition organisée en 2017, la Mi MiL’KiL est de retour pour une 2ème édition proposée du 16 au 22 juin 2019.
Use of this Site is subject to express terms of use. By using this site, you signify that you agree to be bound by these Universal Terms of Service.
Never Forever's characters are not people with whom you can empathize, nor does that seem to be writer and director Gina Kim's goal, at first. But the strength with which I came to care for Sophie Lee (Vera Farmiga) by the film's end was surprisingly overwhelming.
I stay cool, and dig all jive, That's the way I stay alive. My motto, as I live and learn, is Dig and be dug In return. ― Langston Hughes...
In the wake of Moulin Rouge!, Chicago and Nine before it, Burlesque, the next sequin-clad jaunt to tempt the fates of the holiday box office, has a bit of a tightrope walk before it.
Hil and J.Pat were two of the folks who packed into an advanced screening of the second to last Harry Potter flick (along with the Emerson Quidditch Team. Sick uniforms, guys.) Here's their review of the first part of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
Julius Shulman was the world's greatest architecture photographer (he died shortly after the film's release). During his long career, he captured the iconic buildings of Frank Lloyd Wright and Richard Neutra with his eye for the emblematic.
The acclaimed rags-to-slightly-better-rags (but still not rich) documentary Anvil! The Story of Anvil brought a notoriety the Canadian band failed to achieve in 30 years. But chatting with us from his Toronto home, Steve "Lips" Kudlow made it clear that what you see is what you get.
Don't worry, Susie Salmon. You'll eventually make it to heaven, where, lucky for you, nobody wants to talk about the shitty movies they did on earth.
Some express terror that lax immigration polices will undermine the American economy and cause a country that exports unequal trade treaties, carbon pollution, McDonald's and cluster bombs to the Third World to become a Third World country itself.
Based in the beautiful Sonoma County wine country, the North Bay Bohemian is steeped in tradition but is by no means stodgy. Its name pays homage to the literary movement that figured prominently in cultural development north of the Golden...
Perceptions of The Immigrant vary, to say the least. But all agree that The Immigrant is numerous and growing in number, and that in one way or another, he's changing the face of Arkansas.
Glenn McConnell introduced legislation calling for a U.S. Constitutional Convention to make illegal immigration even more illegal. He also submitted a bill that would make English the official language of South Carolina and require all state and civic publications be made manifest in English alone.
Members of Louisiana's congressional delegation are hitching their wagons to anti-immigration bills, many with an eye toward business and industry. The drivers, however, are probably more political than anything else.
With less than seven weeks until new driver's license rules take effect, crowds are descending on the Mexican Consulate to get ID cards that let them get licenses under the more favorable, existing regulations.
The shoah that the Israelis have brought to Gaza is being carried out with our phosphorus bombs, our DIME fusion bombs and our high-tech rocketry purchased with our $3 billion a year in foreign aid.
To date, only 28 movie theaters in the country have shown the astonishingly apropos Redacted, which puts the blame for al-Mahmudiyah not on a few renegade soldiers, but where it belongs: on the American people.
I am going on an extended leave of absence from writing this column -- I have to go off and write a book, and I cannot chew gum, do the column and write the book all at the same time.
Because corporations are people, a Marin man argues that he may drive in the carpool lane with his corporation papers in the passenger seat.
Voters reelect a supervisor who promises to use his position at ABAG to limit housing requirements in Napa -- and the lawsuits fly
I'm not biting when it comes to weird question on ants [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive] [an error occurred while processing this directive]
My girlfriend called me in a panic from her trip to the Midwest and said she thought she had forgotten to feed the ants their honey. I went to the backyard to check the situation out, and sure enough, they were crawling all over the place and appeared hungry, as they were trying to bite me.
I opened the cupboard, and there was no honey, but there was a brand new bottle of agave nectar. I think that agave nectar should work since these are desert ants, but I'm afraid to cause any harm. Do you have any suggestions?
It's really none of my business, but I think you two should sit down and talk this out before the relationship goes on. To each his/her own is what I say, but you kind of have to figure that ants, what with being around for millions of years, can pretty much fend for themselves.
Next, if this is really a big deal with your sweetie, why didn't you just tell her you'd fed them? She'd never know the difference.
And as far as I can tell, agave nectar is pretty sweet stuff, sweeter than sugar. The Aztecs used to mix it with salt to treat wounds.
This one is just too incongruous, and it goes against my innocent, childlike trusting nature, but I'm starting to think you made this one up.
I was giving a talk recently and asked everyone who had credit cards to give them to me. Then I issued a challenge: Can anyone tell me at least three of the changes under the Credit Card Accountability, Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009? Several of the rules take effect this month. Yet not a soul could name one. While most of the provisions don’t kick in until next year, a few key provisions begin Thursday. They are:
■ Creditors must provide written notice to consumers 45 days before an interest rate increase or making a significant change to account terms.
■ Creditors must inform consumers in the same notice of their right to cancel the account before the change.
■ Creditors generally must mail or deliver statements at least 21 days before payment is due. Starting in February, due dates must be on the same day each month. If your due date falls on a day the creditor does not accept payments by mail (such as weekends), the creditor cannot treat a payment received the following business day as late.
The rules are coming at a time when many cardholders are expressing frustration. In a survey by Consumer Action, respondents reported that their interest rates have been shooting up, minimum payments are rising, and credit limits are being drastically cut. Several major banks recently informed cardholders that they will be moving them from fixed rates to variable rates. Why?
Under the CARD Act, issuers cannot raise interest rates on existing balances except under certain limited conditions. One of those conditions is if the card carries a variable indexed interest rate. The survey found that some issuers boosted interest rates up to three percentage points between March and June.
Grace periods - the number of days after the close of the last billing cycle in which you can pay off new bills without being charged interest - are shrinking. Consumer Action said one card issuer had reduced the grace period to six days. Typically issuers give cardholders a grace period of 20 to 25 days.
The changes consumers are grousing about now are permitted under current law. For example, companies can offer fixed rates but if you read the tiny print on your statements, you will see they reserve the right to snatch back that rate.
After all, in the past, no matter what the card companies did to us - moving the due dates; jacking up interest rates - we still played their credit card game. We complained. Perhaps you may have even canceled a particular card but then signed up with another issuer.
The CARD Act will make the game a little fairer. But how will you know if the card company is abiding by the new law if you don’t know what the law is? If you want to know the rules, go to www.consumer-action.org. In the search field, type in “New credit card provisions.’’
Michelle Singletary is a columnist for The Washington Post. She can be reached at singletarym@washpost.com.
Please take a minute to register. After you register and pick a screen name, you can publish your comments everywhere on the site. Posting Policy.
If you're interested in seeing videos of Serenity, I upload them to Phanfare fairly often at the request of the grandparents! Just send me an e-mail and I'll share the latest ones with you!
ToDo means everything in Spanish and that is what we are proud to offer. Just one inch of snow and we would like you out our here ! Majestic Air Sale Up to 15% discount to Lima for Feb and Mar departures, Brazil up to 15% Feb and up to 12% Apr, and Colombia up to 15% from Jan to Apr. Discounts also including main cities and beyond. Enjoy discounts including flights to Bogota Cali, Medellin, Cartagena, Lima, Cusco, Arequipa, Rio, Manaos and other cities within these countries from any gateway in Canada.
Combine these discounts with our vast selection of gems tours, hotels, transfers, city escapes and daily activities for travellers visiting the wonders of The Americas.
From Canada to Argentina, including Ushuaia, Machu Picchu, Easter Islands, Titicaca Lake, Iguassu Falls or Gamboa Rainforest, in The Americas, we have it all.
Majestic Tours is a Canadian Tour Operator and Air Consolidator, with more than 20 years of experience, we take pride in taking care of you and your customers. We offer rates from/to Canada, North, Central, South America and the Caribbean.
The best professional team with more than 20 years of experience in ticketing fares and complex itineraries. We Price Match any of our competitors.
The University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign is seeing more demand for mental health services but is struggling to meet that demand.
More of the university’s students are on psychiatric medication and more students are diagnosed with severe issues such as depression and anxiety than in years past.
For most college campuses across the nation, this is now considered “the norm” rather than atypical, Carla McCowan, director of the Counseling Center at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign said.
Cowan said that years ago counselors dealt with students saying they had problems with roommates or were homesick or having trouble in classes.“
Darrell Hoemann/Carla McCowan, director of the Counseling Center at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, discusses student mental health in her office Friday, Feb. 3 at Espresso Royale near the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign campus. Counseling and psychiatric services at Midwest universities are straining under the increased demand from students who are entering schools with more serious illnesses than seen before.
By Christen Grumstrup/For CU-CitizenAccess -- As tuition rises at the University of Illinois, the middle class student is facing the most financial pressure, say financial aid officials and students.
Sandy Street, the director of the University Office for Planning and Budgeting for all three university campuses, says that the middle class is most affected by tuition cost because they are the ones that “don’t get the state aid.”
By Sean Powers/Illinois Public Media/University of Illinois President Michael Hogan says he has set up a scholarship fund that is available to students who are U.S. citizens and undocumented immigrants.
Students who are not living in this country lawfully have been ineligible for scholarships in Illinois, but that changed this month after Gov. Pat Quinn signed legislation known as the Illinois Dream Act. The measure opens up privately funded college scholarships to illegal immigrants.
Sean Powers/Illinois Public Media/University of Illinois President Michael Hogan speaks at the Illini Union in Champaign in February 2011. Hogan recently opened up a scholarship to include undocumented students.
CHAMPAIGN -- A group of University of Illinois students has earned a top prize from accounting firm Ernst & Young for their idea to build a community garden in Champaign.
The team of seven students has proposed to build a garden in Douglass Park near Booker T. Washington Elementary School. The students envision residents renting space there to grow food and the school using the garden for hands-on learning projects.
For the 2010 campus competition, called â€œYour World, Your Vision,â€ Ernst & Young invited university students from across the U.S.
Darrell Hoemann/The News Gazette/ Five of the seven members of UI student case competition team whose success means they will help build a garden for the neighborhood on the northwest corner of Douglass Park in Champaign on Monday, April 5, 2010. Left to right (rear) Diana Rechenmacher, Steven Heiss and Erin Harper. Front, Jonathan Weisman, Victoria Ngo-Lam.
Environment Health Care Immigration Housing Justice Public Funds Education Poverty Jobs Loans and Cash Technology Food Neighborhoods Transportation
The Chief Electoral Officer declares the results of the official count by publishing a notice in the NZ Gazette.
Note: Not all authorized service centers are equipped to handle every type of service issue. We recommend you call first to discuss your service issue and confirm that the service center can address your specific repair needs.
Why are my parts always in Tennessee? Do they just break more cars than the rest of us? | kirabug's idea files archive
The Miller Center is a nonpartisan affiliate of the University of Virginia that specializes in presidential scholarship, public policy and political history and strives to apply the lessons of history to the nation’s most pressing contemporary governance challenges. more →
The Miller Center is able to work to expand understanding of the presidency, policy, and political history only thanks to contributions from groups and individuals who support our mission.
The Miller Center Foundation is a 501(c)(3) charitable supporting foundation that serves as the nexus for the Miller Center’s resource development program.
This is a chart of the words used most frequently in this speech. The larger the word, the more frequently that it was used.
act actual attention citizens congress country department estimated expenditures fiscal general government indian indians june law laws made national our people present protection public report secretary states united will years
Our heartfelt gratitude is due to the Divine Being who holds in His hands the destinies of nations for the continued bestowal during the last year of countless blessings upon our country.
We are at peace with all other nations. Our public credit has greatly improved, and is perhaps now stronger than ever before. Abundant harvests have rewarded the labors of those who till the soil, our manufacturing industries are reviving, and it is believed that general prosperity, which has been so long anxiously looked for, is at last within our reach.
The enjoyment of health by our people generally has, however, been interrupted during the past season by the prevalence of a fatal pestilence (the yellow fever) in some portions of the Southern States, creating an emergency which called for prompt and extraordinary measures of relief. The disease appeared as an epidemic at New Orleans and at other places on the Lower Mississippi soon after midsummer. It was rapidly spread by fugitives from the infected cities and towns, and did not disappear until early in November. The States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Tennessee have suffered severely. About 100,000 cases are believed to have occurred, of which about 20,000, according to intelligent estimates, proved fatal. It is impossible to estimate with any approach to accuracy the loss to the country occasioned by this epidemic It is to be reckoned by the hundred millions of dollars. The suffering and destitution that resulted excited the deepest sympathy in all parts of the Union. Physicians and nurses hastened from every quarter to the assistance of the afflicted communities. Voluntary contributions of money and supplies, in every needed form, were speedily and generously furnished. The Government was able to respond in some measure to the call for help, by providing tents, medicines, and food for the sick and destitute, the requisite directions for the purpose being given in the confident expectation that this action of the Executive would receive the sanction of Congress. About 1,800 tents, and rations of the value of about $25,000, were sent to cities and-towns which applied for them, full details of which will be furnished to Congress by the proper Department.
The fearful spread of this pestilence has awakened a very general public sentiment in favor of national sanitary administration, which shall not only control quarantine, but have the sanitary supervision of internal commerce in times of epidemics, and hold an advisory relation to the State and municipal health authorities, with power to deal with whatever endangers the public health, and which the municipal and State authorities are unable to regulate. The national quarantine act approved April 29, 1878, which was passed too late in the last session of Congress to provide the means for carrying it into practical operation during the past season, is a step in the direction here indicated. In view of the necessity for the most effective measures, by quarantine and otherwise, for the protection of our seaports and the country generally from this and other epidemics, it is recommended that Congress give to the whole subject early and careful consideration.
The permanent pacification of the country by the complete protection of all citizens in every civil and political right continues to be of paramount interest with the great body of our people. Every step in this direction is welcomed with public approval, and every interruption of steady and uniform progress to the desired consummation awakens general uneasiness and widespread condemnation. The recent Congressional elections have furnished a direct and trustworthy test of the advance thus far made in the practical establishment of the right of suffrage secured by the Constitution to the liberated race in the Southern States. All disturbing influences, real or imaginary, had been removed from all of these States.
The three constitutional amendments which conferred freedom and equality of civil and political rights upon the colored people of the South were adopted by the concurrent action of the great body of good citizens who maintained the authority of the National Government and the integrity and perpetuity of the Union at such a cost of treasure and life, as a wise and necessary embodiment in the organic law of the just results of the war. The people of the former slaveholding States accepted these results, and gave in every practicable form assurances that the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth amendments, and laws passed in pursuance thereof, should in good faith be enforced, rigidly and impartially, in letter and spirit, to the end that the humblest citizen, without distinction of race or color, should under them receive full and equal protection in person and property and in political rights and privileges. By these constitutional amendments the southern section of the Union obtained a large increase of political power in Congress and in the electoral college, and the country justly expected that elections would proceed, as to the enfranchised race, upon the same circumstances of legal and constitutional freedom and protection which obtained in all the other States of the Union. The friends of law and order looked forward to the conduct of these elections as offering to the general judgment of the country an important opportunity to measure the degree in which the right of suffrage could be exercised by the colored people and would be respected by their fellow-citizens; but a more general enjoyment of freedom of suffrage by the colored people and a more just and generous protection of that freedom by the communities of which they form a part were generally anticipated than the record of the elections discloses. In some of those States in which the colored people have been unable to make their opinions felt in the elections the result is mainly due to influences not easily measured or remedied by legal protection; but in the States of Louisiana and South Carolina at large, and in some particular Congressional districts outside of those States, the records of the elections seem to compel the conclusion that the rights of the colored voters have been overridden and their participation in the elections not permitted to be either general or free.
It will be for the Congress for which these elections were held to make such examinations into their conduct as may be appropriate to determine the validity of the claims of members to their seats. In the meanwhile it becomes the duty of the executive and judicial departments of the Government, each in its province, to inquire into and punish violations of the laws of the United States which have occurred. I can but repeat what I said in this connection in my last message, that whatever authority rests with me to this end I shall not hesitate to put forth; and I am unwilling to forego a renewed appeal to the legislatures, the courts, the executive authorities, and the people of the States where these wrongs have been perpetrated to give their assistance toward bringing to justice the offenders and preventing a repetition of the crimes. No means within my power will be spared to obtain a full and fair investigation of the alleged crimes and to secure the conviction and just punishment of the guilty.
It is to be observed that the principal appropriation made for the Department of Justice at the last session contained the following clause:
And for defraying the expenses which may be incurred in the enforcement of the act approved February 28, 1871, entitled "An act to amend an act approved May 31, 1870, entitled 'An act to enforce the rights of citizens of the United States to vote in the several States of this Union, and for other purposes,'" or any acts amendatory thereof or supplementary thereto.
It is the opinion of the Attorney-General that the expenses of these proceedings will largely exceed the amount which was thus provided, and I rely confidently upon Congress to make adequate appropriations to enable the executive department to enforce the laws.
I respectfully urge upon your attention that the Congressional elections, in every district, in a very important sense, are justly a matter of political interest and concern throughout the whole country. Each State, every political party, is entitled to the share of power which is conferred by the legal and constitutional suffrage. It is the right of every citizen possessing the qualifications prescribed by law to east one unintimidated ballot and to have his ballot honestly counted. So long as the exercise of this power and the enjoyment of this right are common and equal, practically as well as formally, submission to the results of the suffrage will be accorded loyally and cheerfully, and all the departments of Government will feel the true vigor of the popular will thus expressed. No temporary or administrative interests of Government, however urgent or weighty, will ever displace the zeal of our people in defense of the primary rights of citizenship. They understand that the protection of liberty requires the maintenance in full vigor of the manly methods of free speech, free press, and free suffrage, and will sustain the full authority of Government to enforce the laws which are framed to preserve these inestimable rights. The material progress and welfare of the States depend on the protection afforded to their citizens. There can be no peace without such protection, no prosperity without peace, and the whole country is deeply interested in the growth and prosperity of all its parts.
While the country has not yet reached complete unity of feeling and reciprocal confidence between the communities so lately and so seriously estranged, I feel an absolute assurance that the tendencies are in that direction, and with increasing force. The power of public opinion will override all political prejudices and all sectional or State attachments in demanding that all over our wide territory the name and character of citizen of the United States shall mean one and the same thing and carry with them unchallenged security and respect.
Our relations with other countries continue peaceful. Our neutrality in contests between foreign powers has been maintained and respected.
The Universal Exposition held at Paris during the past summer has been attended by large numbers of our citizens. The brief period allowed for the preparation and arrangement of the contributions of our citizens to this great exposition was well employed in energetic and judicious efforts to overcome this disadvantage. These efforts, led and directed by the commissioner-general, were remarkably successful, and the exhibition of the products of American industry was creditable and gratifying in scope and character. The reports of the United States commissioners, giving its results in detail, will be duly laid before you. Our participation in this international competition for the favor and the trade of the world may be expected to produce useful and important results--in promoting intercourse, friendship, and commerce with other nations.
In accordance with the provisions of the act of February 28, 1878, three commissioners were appointed to an international conference on the subject of adopting a common ratio between gold and silver, for the purpose of establishing internationally the use of bimetallic money and securing fixity of relative value between those metals.
Invitations were addressed to the various governments which had expressed a willingness to participate in its deliberations. The conference held its meetings in Paris in August last. The report of the commissioners, herewith submitted, will show its results. No common ratio between gold and silver could be agreed upon by the conference. The general conclusion was reached that it is necessary to maintain in the world the monetary functions of silver as well as of gold, leaving the selection of the use of one or the other of these two metals, or of both, to be made by each state.
Congress having appropriated at its last session the sum of $5,500,000 to pay the award of the joint commission at Halifax, if, after correspondence with the British Government on the subject of the conformity of the award to the requirements of the treaty and to the terms of the question thereby submitted to the commission, the President shall deem it his duty to make the payment, communications upon these points were addressed to the British Government through the legation of the United States at London. Failing to obtain the concurrence of the British Government in the views of this Government respecting the award, I have deemed it my duty to tender the sum named within the year fixed by the treaty, accompanied by a notice of the grounds of the payment and a protest against any other construction of the same. The correspondence upon this subject will be laid before you.
The Spanish Government has officially announced the termination of the insurrection in Cuba and the restoration of peace throughout that island. Confident expectations are expressed of a revival of trade and prosperity, which it is earnestly hoped may prove well rounded. Numerous claims of American citizens for relief for injuries or restoration of property have been among the incidents of the long-continued hostilities. Some of these claims are in process of adjustment by Spain, and the others are promised early and careful consideration.
The treaty made with Italy in regard to reciprocal consular privileges has been duly ratified and proclaimed.
The Japanese Government has been desirous of a revision of such parts of its treaties with foreign powers as relate to commerce, and it is understood has addressed to each of the treaty powers a request to open negotiations with that view. The United States Government has been inclined to regard the matter favorably. Whatever restrictions upon trade with Japan are found injurious to that people can not but affect injuriously nations holding commercial intercourse with them. Japan, after a long period of seclusion, has within the past few years made rapid strides in the path of enlightenment and progress, and, not unreasonably, is looking forward to the time when her relations with the nations of Europe and America shall be assimilated to those which they hold with each other. A treaty looking to this end has been made, which will be submitted for the consideration of the Senate.
After an interval of several years the Chinese Government has again sent envoys to the United States. They have been received, and a permanent legation is now established here by that Government. It is not doubted that this step will be of advantage to both nations in promoting friendly relations and removing causes of difference.
The treaty with the Samoan Islands, having been duly ratified and accepted on the part of both Governments, is now in operation, and a survey and soundings of the harbor of Pago-Pago have been made by a naval vessel of the United States, with a view of its occupation as a naval station if found desirable to the service.
Since the resumption of diplomatic relations with Mexico correspondence has been opened and still continues between the two Governments upon the various questions which at one time seemed to endanger their relations. While no formal agreement has been reached as to the troubles on the border, much has been done to repress and diminish them. The effective force of United States troops on the Rio Grande, by a strict and faithful compliance with instructions, has done much to remove the sources of dispute, and it is now understood that a like force of Mexican troops on the other side of the river is also making an energetic movement against the marauding Indian tribes. This Government looks with the greatest satisfaction upon every evidence of strength in the national authority of Mexico, and upon every effort put forth to prevent or to punish incursions upon our territory. Reluctant to assume any action or attitude in the control of these incursions by military movements across the border not imperatively demanded for the protection of the lives and property of our own citizens, I shall take the earliest opportunity consistent with the proper discharge of this plain duty to recognize the ability of the Mexican Government to restrain effectively violations of our territory. It is proposed to hold next year an international exhibition in Mexico, and it is believed that the display of the agricultural and manufacturing products of the two nations will tend to better understanding and increased commercial intercourse between their people.
With Brazil and the Republics of Central and South America some steps have been taken toward the development of closer commercial intercourse. Diplomatic relations have been resumed with Colombia and with Bolivia. A boundary question between the Argentine Republic and Paraguay has been submitted by those Governments for arbitration to the President of the United States, and I have, after careful examination, given a decision upon it.
A naval expedition up the Amazon and Madeira rivers has brought back information valuable both for scientific and commercial purposes. A like expedition is about visiting the coast of Africa and the Indian Ocean. The reports of diplomatic and consular officers in relation to the development of our foreign commerce have furnished many facts that have proved of public interest and have stimulated to practical exertion the enterprise of our people.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury furnishes a detailed statement of the operations of that Department of the Government and of the condition of the public finances.
The ordinary revenues from all sources for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1878, were $257,763,878.70; the ordinary expenditures for the same period were $236,964,326.80, leaving a surplus revenue for the year of $20,799,551.90. The receipts for the present fiscal year, ending June 30, 1879, actual and estimated, are as follows: Actual receipts for the first quarter, commencing July 1, 1878, $73,389,743.43; estimated receipts for the remaining three quarters of the year, $191,110,256.57; total receipts for the current fiscal year, actual and estimated, $264,500,000. The expenditures for the same period will be, actual and estimated, as follows: For the quarter commencing July 1, 1878, actual expenditures, $73,344,573.27; and for the remaining three quarters of the year the expenditures are estimated at $166,755,426.73, making the total expenditures $240,100,000, and leaving an estimated surplus revenue for the year ending June 30, 1879, of $24,400,000. The total receipts during the next fiscal year, ending June 30, 1880, estimated according to existing laws, will be $264,500,000, and the estimated ordinary expenditures for the same period will be $236,320,412.68, leaving a surplus of $28,179,587.32 for that year.
In the foregoing statements of expenditures, actual and estimated, no amount is allowed for the sinking fund provided for by the act approved February 25, 1862, which requires that 1 per cent of the entire debt of the United States shall be purchased or paid within each fiscal year, to be set apart as a sinking fund. There has been, however, a substantial compliance with the conditions of the law. By its terms the public debt should have been reduced between 1862 and the close of the last fiscal year $518,361,806.28; the actual reduction of the ascertained debt in that period has been $720,644,739.61, being in excess of the reduction required by the sinking fund act $202,282,933.33.
The amount of the public debt, less cash in the Treasury, November 1, 1878, was $2,024,200,083.18 a reduction since the same date last year of $23,150,617.39.
The progress made during the last year in refunding the public debt at lower rates of interest is very gratifying. The amount of 4 per cent bonds sold during the present year prior to November 23, 1878, is $100,270,900, and 6 per cent bonds, commonly known as five-twenties, to an equal amount, have been or will be redeemed as calls mature.
It has been the policy of the Department to place the 4 per cent bonds within easy reach of every citizen who desires to invest his savings, whether small or great, in these securities. The Secretary of the Treasury recommends that the law be so modified that small sums may be invested, and that through the post-offices or other agents of the Government the freest opportunity may be given in all parts of the country for such investments.
The best mode suggested is that the Department be authorized to issue certificates of deposit, of the denomination of $10, bearing interest at the rate of 3.65 per cent per annum and convertible at any time within one year after their issue into the 4 per cent bonds authorized by the refunding act, and to be issued only in exchange for United States notes sent to the Treasury by mail or otherwise. Such a provision of law, supported by suitable regulations, would enable any person readily, without cost or risk, to convert his money into an interest-bearing security of the United States, and the money so received could be applied to the redemption of 6 per cent bonds.
The coinage of gold during the last fiscal year was $52,798,980. The coinage of silver dollars under the act passed February 28, 1878, amounted on the 23d of November, 1878, to $19,814,550, of which amount $4,984,947 are in circulation, and the balance, $14,829.,603, is still in the possession of the Government.
With views unchanged with regard to the act under which the coinage of silver proceeds, it has been the purpose of the Secretary faithfully to execute the law and to afford a fair trial to the measure.
In the present financial condition of the country I am persuaded that the welfare of legitimate business and industry of every description will be best promoted by abstaining from all attempts to make radical changes in the existing financial legislation. Let it be understood that during the coming year the business of the country will be undisturbed by governmental interference with the laws affecting it, and we may confidently expect that the resumption of specie payments, which will take place at the appointed time, will be successfully and easily maintained, and that it will be followed by a healthful and enduring revival of business prosperity.
Let the healing influence of time, the inherent energies of our people, and the boundless resources of our country have a fair opportunity, and relief from present difficulties will surely follow.
The report of the Secretary of War shows that the Army has been well and economically supplied; that our small force has been actively employed and has faithfully performed all the service required of it. The morale of the Army has improved and the number of desertions has materially decreased during the year.
1. That a pension be granted to the widow of the late Lieutenant Henry H. Benner, Eighteenth Infantry, who lost his life by yellow fever while in command of the steamer. J.M. Chambers, sent with supplies for the relief of sufferers in the South from that disease.
2. The establishment of the annuity scheme for the benefit of the heirs of deceased officers, as suggested by the Paymaster-General.
3. The adoption by Congress of a plan for the publication of the records of the War of the Rebellion, now being prepared for that purpose.
4. The increase of the extra per diem of soldier teachers employed in post schools, and liberal appropriations for the erection of buildings for schools and libraries at the different posts.
5. The repeal or amendment of the act of June 18, 1878, forbidding the use of the Army "as a posse comitatus, or otherwise, for the purpose of executing the laws, except in such cases and under such circumstances as such employment of said force may be expressly authorized by the Constitution or by act of Congress."
6. The passage of a joint resolution of Congress legalizing the issues of rations, tents, and medicines which were made for the relief of sufferers from yellow fever.
7. That provision be made for the erection of a fireproof building for the preservation of certain valuable records, now constantly exposed to destruction by fire.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy shows that the Navy has improved during the last fiscal year. Work has been done on seventy-five vessels, ten of which have been thoroughly repaired and made ready for sea. Two others are in rapid progress toward completion. The total expenditures of the year, including the amount appropriated for the deficiencies of the previous year, were $17,468,392.65. The actual expenses chargeable to the year, exclusive of these deficiencies, were $13,306,914.09, or $767,199.18 less than those of the previous year, and $4,928,677.74 less than the expenses including the deficiencies. The estimates for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1880, are $14,562,381.45, exceeding the appropriations of the present year only $33,949.75, which excess is occasioned by the demands of the Naval Academy and the Marine Corps, as explained in the Secretary's report. The appropriations for the present fiscal year are $14,528,431.70, which, in the opinion of the Secretary, will be ample for all the current expenses of the Department during the year. The amount drawn from the Treasury from July 1 to November 1, 1878, is $4,740,544.14, of which $70,980.75 has been refunded, leaving as the expenditure for that period $4,669,563.39, or $520,899.24 less than the corresponding period of the last fiscal year.
The report of the Postmaster-General embraces a detailed statement of the operations of the Post-Office Department. The expenditures of that Department for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1878, were $34,165,084.49. The receipts, including sales of stamps, money-order business, and official stamps, were $29,277,516.95. The sum of $290,436.90, included in the foregoing statement of expenditures, is chargeable to preceding years, so that the actual expenditures for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1878, are $33,874,647.59. The amount drawn from the Treasury on appropriations, in addition to the revenues of the Department, was $5,307,652.82. The expenditures for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1880, are estimated at $36,571,900 and the receipts from all sources at $30,664,023.90, leaving a deficiency to be appropriated out of the Treasury of $5,907,876.10. The report calls attention to the fact that the compensation of postmasters and of railroads for carrying the mail is regulated by law, and that the failure of Congress to appropriate the amounts required for these purposes does not relieve the Government of responsibility, but necessarily increases the deficiency bills which Congress will be called upon to pass.
In providing for the postal service the following questions are presented: Should Congress annually appropriate a sum for its expenses largely in excess of its revenues, or should such rates of postage be established as will make the Department self-sustaining? Should the postal service be reduced by excluding from the mails matter which does not pay its way? Should the number of post routes be diminished? Should other methods be adopted which will increase the revenues or diminish the expenses of the postal service?
The International Postal Congress which met at Paris May 1, 1878, and continued in session until June 4 of the same year, was composed of delegates from nearly all the civilized countries of the world. It adopted a new convention (to take the place of the treaty concluded at Berne October 9, 1874), which goes into effect on the 1st of April, 1879, between the countries whose delegates have signed it. It was ratified and approved, by and with the consent of the President, August 13, 1878. A synopsis of this Universal Postal Convention will be found in the report of the Postmaster-General, and the full text in the appendix thereto. In its origin the Postal Union comprised twenty-three countries, having a population of 350,000,000 people. On the 1st of April next it will comprise forty-three countries and colonies, with a population of more than 650,000,000 people, and will soon, by the accession of the few remaining countries and colonies which maintain organized postal services, constitute in fact as well as in name, as its new title indicates, a universal union, regulating, upon a uniform basis of cheap postage rates, the postal intercourse between all civilized nations.
Some embarrassment has arisen out of the conflict between the customs laws of this country and the provisions of the Postal Convention in regard to the transmission of foreign books and newspapers to this country by mail. It is hoped that Congress will be able to devise some means of reconciling the difficulties which have thus been created, so as to do justice to all parties involved.
The business of the Supreme Court and of the courts in many of the circuits has increased to such an extent during the past year that additional legislation is imperative to relieve and prevent the delay of justice and possible oppression to suitors which is thus occasioned. The encumbered condition of these dockets is presented anew in the report of the Attorney-General, and the remedy suggested is earnestly urged for Congressional action. The creation of additional circuit judges, as proposed, would afford a complete remedy, and would involve an expense, at the present rate of salaries of not more than $60,000 a year.
The annual reports of the Secretary of the Interior and of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs present an elaborate account of the present condition of the Indian tribes and of that branch of the public service which ministers to their interests. While the conduct of the Indians generally has been orderly and their relations with their neighbors friendly and peaceable, two local disturbances have occurred, which were deplorable in their character, but remained, happily, confined to a comparatively small number of Indians. The discontent among the Bannocks, which led first to some acts of violence on the part of some members of the tribe and finally to the outbreak, appears to have been caused by an insufficiency of food on the reservation, and this insufficiency to have been owing to the inadequacy of the appropriations made by Congress to the wants of the Indians at a time when the Indians were prevented from supplying the deficiency by hunting. After an arduous pursuit by the troops of the United States, and several engagements, the hostile Indians were reduced to subjection, and the larger part of them surrendered themselves as prisoners. In this connection I desire to call attention to the recommendation made by the Secretary of the Interior, that a sufficient fund be placed at the disposal of the Executive, to be used, with proper accountability, at discretion, in sudden emergencies of the Indian service.
The other case of disturbance was that of a band of Northern Cheyennes, who suddenly left their reservation in the Indian Territory and marched rapidly through the States of Kansas and Nebraska in the direction of their old hunting grounds, committing murders and other crimes on their way. From documents accompanying the report of the Secretary of the Interior it appears that this disorderly band was as fully supplied with the necessaries of life as the 4,700 other Indians who remained quietly on the reservation, and that the disturbance was caused by men of a restless and mischievous disposition among the Indians themselves. Almost the whole of this band have surrendered to the military authorities; and it is a gratifying fact that when some of them had taken refuge in the camp of the Red Cloud Sioux, with whom they had been in friendly relations, the Sioux held them as prisoners and readily gave them up to the officers of the United States, thus giving new proof of the loyal spirit which, alarming rumors to the contrary notwithstanding, they have uniformly shown ever since the wishes they expressed at the council of September, 1877, had been complied with.
Both the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of War unite in the recommendation that provision be made by Congress for the organization of a corps of mounted "Indian auxiliaries," to be under the control of the Army and to be used for the purpose of keeping the Indians on their reservations and preventing or repressing disturbance on their part. I earnestly concur in this recommendation. It is believed that the organization of such a body of Indian cavalry, receiving a moderate pay from the Government, would considerably weaken the restless element among the Indians by withdrawing from it a number of young men and giving them congenial employment under the Government, it being a matter of experience that Indians in our service almost without exception are faithful in the performance of the duties assigned to them. Such an organization would materially aid the Army in the accomplishment of a task for which its numerical strength is sometimes found insufficient.
But while the employment of force for the prevention or repression of Indian troubles is of occasional necessity, and wise preparation should be made to that end, greater reliance must be placed on humane and civilizing agencies for the ultimate solution of what is called the Indian problem. It may be very difficult and require much patient effort to curb the unruly spirit of the savage Indian to the restraints of civilized life, but experience shows that it is not impossible. Many of the tribes which are now quiet and orderly and self-supporting were once as savage as any that at present roam over the plains or in the mountains of the far West, and were then considered inaccessible to civilizing influences. It may be impossible to raise them fully up to the level of the white population of the United States; but we should not forget that they are the aborigines of the country, and called the soil their own on which our people have grown rich, powerful, and happy. We owe it to them as a moral duty to help them in attaining at least that degree of civilization which they may be able to reach. It is not only our duty, it is also our interest to do so. Indians who have become agriculturists or herdsmen, and feel an interest in property, will thenceforth cease to be a warlike and disturbing element. It is also a well-authenticated fact that Indians are apt to be peaceable and quiet when their children are at school, and I am gratified to know, from the expressions of Indians themselves and from many concurring reports, that there is a steadily increasing desire, even among Indians belonging to comparatively wild tribes, to have their children educated. I invite attention to the reports of the Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs touching the experiment recently inaugurated, in taking fifty Indian children, boys and girls, from different tribes, to the Hampton Normal Agricultural Institute in Virginia, where they are to receive an elementary English education and training in agriculture and other useful works, to be returned to their tribes, after the completed course, as interpreters, instructors, and examples. It is reported that the officer charged with the selection of those children might have had thousands of young Indians sent with him had it been possible to make provision for them. I agree with the Secretary of the Interior in saying that "the result of this interesting experiment, if favorable, may be destined to become an important factor in the advancement of civilization among the Indians."
The question whether a change in the control of the Indian service should be made was at the last session of Congress referred to a committee for inquiry and report. Without desiring to anticipate that report, I venture to express the hope that in the decision of so important a question the views expressed above may not be lost sight of, and that the decision, whatever it may be, will arrest further agitation of this subject, such agitation being apt to produce a disturbing effect upon the service, as well as on the Indians themselves.
In the enrollment of the bill making appropriations for sundry civil expenses, at the last session of Congress, that portion which provided for the continuation of the Hot Springs Commission was omitted. As the commission had completed the work of taking testimony on the many conflicting claims, the suspension of their labors, before determining the rights of claimants, threatened for a time to embarrass the interests, not only of the Government, but also of a large number of the citizens of Hot Springs, who were waiting for final action on their claims before beginning contemplated improvements. In order to prevent serious difficulties, which were apprehended, and at the solicitation of many leading citizens of Hot Springs and others interested in the welfare of the town, the Secretary of the Interior was authorized to request the late commissioners to take charge of the records of their proceedings and to perform such work as could properly be done by them under such circumstances to facilitate the future adjudication of the claims at an early day and to preserve the status of the claimants until their rights should be finally determined. The late commissioners complied with that request, and report that the testimony in all the cases has been written out, examined, briefed, and so arranged as to facilitate an early settlement when authorized by law. It is recommended that the requisite authority be given at as early a day in the session as possible, and that a fair compensation be allowed the late commissioners for the expense incurred and the labor performed by them since the 25th of June last.
I invite the attention of Congress to the recommendations made by the Secretary of the Interior with regard to the preservation of the timber on the public lands of the United States. The protection of the public property is one of the first duties of the Government. The Department of the Interior should therefore be enabled by sufficient appropriations to enforce the laws in that respect. But this matter appears still more important as a question of public economy. The rapid destruction of our forests is an evil fraught with the gravest consequences, especially in the mountainous districts, where the rocky slopes, once denuded of their trees, will remain so forever. There the injury, once done, can not be repaired. I fully concur with the Secretary of the Interior in the opinion that for this reason legislation touching the public timber in the mountainous States and Territories of the West should be especially well considered, and that existing laws in which the destruction of the forests is not sufficiently guarded against should be speedily modified. A general law concerning this important subject appears to me to be a matter of urgent public necessity.
From the organization of the Government the importance of encouraging by all possible means the increase of our agricultural productions has been acknowledged and urged upon the attention of Congress and the people as the surest and readiest means of increasing our substantial and enduring prosperity.
It will not be doubted that, with reference either to individual or national welfare, agriculture is of primary importance. In proportion as nations advance in population and other circumstances of maturity this truth becomes more apparent, and renders the cultivation of the soil more and more an object of public patronage. Institutions for promoting it grow up, supported by the public purse; and to what object can it be dedicated with greater propriety? Among the means which have been employed to this end none have been attended with greater success than the establishment of boards (composed of proper characters) charged with collecting and diffusing information, and enabled by premiums and small pecuniary aids to encourage and assist a spirit of discovery and improvement. This species of establishment contributes doubly to the increase of improvement, by stimulating to enterprise and experiment, and by drawing to a common center the results everywhere of individual skill and observation and spreading them thence over the whole nation. Experience accordingly hath shewn that they are very cheap instruments of immense national benefits.
The preponderance of the agricultural over any other interest in the United States entitles it to all the consideration claimed for it by Washington. About one-half of the population of the United States is engaged in agriculture. The value of the agricultural products of the United States for the year 1878 is estimated at $3,000,000,000. The exports of agricultural products for the year 1877, as appears from the report of the Bureau of Statistics, were $524,000,000. The great extent of our country, with its diversity of soil and climate, enables us to produce within our own borders and by our own labor not only the necessaries, but most of the luxuries, that are consumed in civilized countries. Yet, notwithstanding our advantages of soil, climate, and inter-communication, it appears from the statistical statements in the report of the Commissioner of Agriculture that we import annually from foreign lands many millions of dollars worth of agricultural products which could be raised in our own country.
Numerous questions arise in the practice of advanced agriculture which can only be answered by experiments, often costly and sometimes fruitless, which are beyond the means of private individuals and are a just and proper charge on the whole nation for the benefit of the nation. It is good policy, especially in times of depression and uncertainty in other business pursuits, with a vast area of uncultivated, and hence unproductive, territory, wisely opened to homestead settlement, to encourage by every proper and legitimate means the occupation and tillage of the soil. The efforts of the Department of Agriculture to stimulate old and introduce new agricultural industries, to improve the quality and increase the quantity of our products, to determine the value of old or establish the importance of new methods of culture, are worthy of your careful and favorable consideration, and assistance by such appropriations of money and enlargement of facilities as may seem to be demanded by the present favorable conditions for the growth and rapid development of this important interest.
The abuse of animals in transit is widely attracting public attention. A national convention of societies specially interested in the subject has recently met at Baltimore, and the facts developed, both in regard to cruelties to animals and the effect of such cruelties upon the public health, would seem to demand the careful consideration of Congress and the enactment of more efficient laws for the prevention of these abuses.
The report of the Commissioner of the Bureau of Education shows very gratifying progress throughout the country in all the interests committed to the care of this important office. The report is especially encouraging with respect to the extension of the advantages of the common-school system in sections of the country where the general enjoyment of the privilege of free schools is not yet attained.
To education more than to any other agency we are to look as the resource for the advancement of the people in the requisite knowledge and appreciation of their rights and responsibilities as citizens, and I desire to repeat the suggestion contained in my former message in behalf of the enactment of appropriate measures by Congress for the purpose of supplementing with national aid the local systems of education in the several States.
Adequate accommodations for the great library, which is overgrowing the capacity of the rooms now occupied at the Capitol, should be provided without further delay. This invaluable collection of books, manuscripts, and illustrative art has grown to such proportions, in connection with the copyright system of the country, as to demand the prompt and careful attention of Congress to save it from injury in its present crowded and insufficient quarters. As this library is national in its character, and must from the nature of the case increase even more rapidly in the future than in the past, it can not be doubted that the people will sanction any wise expenditure to preserve it and to enlarge its usefulness.
The appeal of the Regents of the Smithsonian Institution for the means to organize, exhibit, and make available for the public benefit the articles now stored away belonging to the National Museum I heartily recommend to your favorable consideration.
The attention of Congress is again invited to the condition of the river front of the city of Washington. It is a matter of vital importance to the health of the residents of the national capital, both temporary and permanent, that the lowlands in front of the city, now subject to tidal overflow, should be reclaimed. In their present condition these flats obstruct the drainage of the city and are a dangerous source of malarial poison. The reclamation will improve the navigation of the river by restricting, and consequently deepening, its channel, and is also of importance when considered in connection with the extension of the public ground and the enlargement of the park west and south of the Washington Monument. The report of the board of survey, heretofore ordered by act of Congress, on the improvement of the harbor of Washington and Georgetown, is respectfully commended to consideration.
The report of the Commissioners of the District of Columbia presents a detailed statement of the affairs of the District.
The relative expenditures by the United States and the District for local purposes is contrasted, showing that the expenditures by the people of the District greatly exceed those of the General Government. The exhibit is made in connection with estimates for the requisite repair of the defective pavements and sewers of the city, which is a work of immediate necessity; and in the same connection a plan is presented for the permanent funding of the outstanding securities of the District.
The benevolent, reformatory, and penal institutions of the District are all entitled to the favorable attention of Congress. The Reform School needs additional buildings and teachers. Appropriations which will place all of these institutions in a condition to become models of usefulness and beneficence will be regarded by the country as liberality wisely bestowed.
The Commissioners, with evident justice, request attention to the discrimination made by Congress against the District in the donation of land for the support of the public schools, and ask that the same liberality that has been shown to the inhabitants of the various States and Territories of the United States may be extended to the District of Columbia.
The Commissioners also invite attention to the damage inflicted upon public and private interests by the present location of the depots and switching tracks of the several railroads entering the city, and ask for legislation looking to their removal. The recommendations and suggestions contained in the report will, I trust, receive the careful consideration of Congress.
Sufficient time has, perhaps, not elapsed since the reorganization of the government of the District under the recent legislation of Congress for the expression of a confident opinion as to its successful operation, but the practical results already attained are so satisfactory that the friends of the new government may well urge upon Congress the wisdom of its continuance, without essential modification, until by actual experience its advantages and defects may be more fully ascertained.
Hamilton Parish Council will be holding a Neighbourhood Watch Meeting on 18th October 2012 at the Crawl Church Hall, 125 North Shore Road, Hamilton Parish at 7:00pm.
A statement from the group said: “The Council would like the Neighbourhood Watch programme to grow in Hamilton Parish. Presenters will be Chief Inspector Hashim A. Estwick and the Eastern Parish CAT Team. Neighbourhood Watch can check on homes and suspicious activities in the Neighbourhood. So if you are interested in safety in your neigbbourhood and getting to know your neighbours, come along to learn how easy it is to set up a neighourhood watch where you live.”
We need to have a neighbour watch in EVERY neighborhood. We need to beat these criminals at their own game. Not to mention shady behaviours displayed in neighborhoods. Make this mandatory!!!
I’m glad that we are implementing the neighbour watch. The street sign on my road was stolen recently. The sign was for Savannah Road. There was no damage to the metal frame that supports the official road sign. I guess someone wanted a trophy. Perhaps a tourist took it as a souvenier? Now days, you just never know…
smile: Yes, they are earning it. April and May this year along with Oct and Nov way stronger this year tha
wyman: So, between 3.15pm and 7.15 pm, 71 buses were cancelled. SEVENTY ONE. IN THREE HOURS!!!!!!!!!Why
Bs: Time to clean shop as they were supposed to be self funded in 12 months of being formed but continue
Triangle Drifter: It is all quite simple. If the OBA initiated it, it must be bad & has to be dismantled.So no
Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010
Bermuda-based AXIS Capital Holdings Limited announced that Chief Financial Officer Joseph Henry will retire at the conclusion of 2017, and current AXIS Insurance Chief Operating Officer Peter Vogt will become CFO, effective January 1, 2018.
Mr. Vogt will be appointed Deputy CFO in July with the transition process to occur through the end of the year.
Mr. Vogt brings more than 30 years of insurance industry experience with over 20 years in executive management roles spanning both finance and operations at leading financial services organizations. He has been a senior leader within the AXIS organization since 2010.
In addition to his role as AXIS Insurance COO since 2013, Mr. Vogt had previously served for more than two years as CFO and COO of AXIS’ Accident & Health business unit.
“Pete is accomplished in driving performance across diverse insurance businesses in both financial and operational leadership roles, and he has a deep understanding of AXIS’ business, given his COO positions in both our Insurance and A&H business units,” said Albert Benchimol, President and CEO of AXIS Capital.
“He is a highly respected leader within the AXIS organization who embodies our culture and values, and his appointment reflects our commitment to cultivating our top talent and growing from within.”
“Now is an exciting time at AXIS and we are just beginning to tap into the Company’s potential as a global leader in specialty insurance and reinsurance,” said Mr. Vogt. “I look forward to helping AXIS continue its strong path forward as we build upon the significant achievements we’ve made in strengthening and growing our business.”
Mr. Vogt joined AXIS from Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Penn Mutual, he served as Chief Financial Officer of CIGNA’s Group Insurance business.
He started his career at Hartford Life Insurance Company where, over nearly 14 years, he held a series of actuarial roles and eventually led sales, marketing and product development for its corporate retirement business. He holds a BBA in Actuarial Science and Economics from Temple University and is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a Member of the American Academy of Actuaries.
Following his retirement, Mr. Henry will continue to serve as an advisor to the Company. “During his five years at AXIS, Joe has made immeasurable contributions to our organization,” said Mr. Benchimol.
“He has been pivotal in helping significantly strengthen our fiscal strategy while serving as a respected leader and valued counselor to many in our organization. On behalf of all of AXIS, we are deeply grateful for Joe’s exceptional leadership and his friendship.”
“Pete is an ideal candidate to hold the CFO position at AXIS and I have tremendous respect for his abilities as a leader, strategist and financial counselor. His appointment gives me great confidence that AXIS will continue to build on the significant progress we’ve made,” said Mr. Henry.
“It has been deeply rewarding to serve as CFO at AXIS and I am grateful for the memories and friendships that have been developed over these past five years.”
Bandit: Now this is where I really think the Premier has lost his mind if he allows this to happen. Whateve
Question: So you support the idea of making unproductive employees redundant then? Just want to make sure.
Retro: Lol, how exactly are they supposed to self fund ? Has the ministry of tourism ever been self funded?
Retro: It’s astonishing that government would want to meddle with the only tourism success in about thirty
Kenyan police have launched a murder probe after Richard Tirop Kessio — – a three time Bermuda Marathon Champion — and his friend were killed, according to a report from Citizen Digital.
The story said, “Police in Eldoret have launched a murder probe after Richard Tirop Kessio – a road running specialist – and his friend were killed in a cold-blooded attack.
“According to area residents Tirop who is a three-time Bermuda Marathon winner was in the company of his friend Mathew Kimutai Kemboi at a local pub before leaving for home at midnight.
“The athlete once named as one of the “2014 Masters Long Distance Runners” by Running Times was predominantly based in the USA before returning to Kipkorgot in 2015.”
On another note, the dog that was drowned off Northshore received more comments of sympathy, I wonder why?
Well i feel what you are saying but we cant do much about what happen over there but over here is a different story. There is a horrible world out there outside of Bermuda. Bermuda is blessed not to see the likes of those horrors.
Thursday night’s theme for Made in Bermuda Nights is “wear Bermuda”, and the Bermuda Tourism Authority is urging people to break out their finest Bermuda-branded summer gear and Bermuda-inspired outfits and step out onto White’s Island for live music and dancing under the stars.
The Wall Street Band will take the stage once again, joined by Sheila Smith, Live Wires and Verlencia Aberdeen. Water shuttle service begins at 9pm on Thursday night from the flagpole on Front Street.
The water transfer, live music and open bar are available for one ticket price of $40 per person on ptix.bm. Locals are urged to bring visitors to show them an outdoor island music experience performed by Bermudian artists.
“In a new partnership between PinkSand Entertainment, Gosling’s and the Bermuda Tourism Authority, Made in Bermuda Nights began July 5th boasting a rotating schedule of Bermudian entertainers performing live under the stars on White’s Island,” the BTA said.
“Attendees are encouraged to eat out beforehand at any one of eight restaurants serving Bermuda-inspired menus and have a chance to win airline travel courtesy of JetBlue:
Question for Bernie: I am 46 and was diagnosed with Polycythemia Vera some years ago, although my belief is that I have had it a lot longer. It has progressed and is now called myelofibrosis. I have venesections to keep … Continue reading →
Question for Bernie: I know you say that what we draw reveals things about ourselves. I was thinking about that and an image flashed into my mind of me wearing a red skirt and blouse. What does the color red … Continue reading →
Posted in Mind / Body Medicine, Parenting & Family, Psyche & Soma Revealed by Images, Q & A with Bernie, Relationships	| Tagged Bernie Siegel, drawing interpreation, learning to love yourself, learning to trust yourself, ovarian cancer, patient drawings, visualization	| 1 Comment
Question for Bernie: I have been with my husband for 10 years now, five of them as a married couple. The relationship has always been quite stormy. One thing in particular has always left me destroyed and desperate. Even though … Continue reading →
Question for Bernie: Does the soul know when the body is going to die, and does the person give “signs” to living friends and family that they are going to leave? Recently in my life the death of a young … Continue reading →
Question for Bernie: My brother is a 48 year old smoker who had a CEA blood test of 340. A CT scan of chest showed one lymph node. He quit smoking and a new CEA blood test one month later … Continue reading →
Posted in Animals, Mind / Body Medicine, Q & A with Bernie, Relationships	| Tagged Bernie Siegel, breast cancer, dealing with anger, Dying to Live, life coach, living in the present, love warrior, lung cancer, scleroderma	| Leave a comment
Question for Bernie: Dear Bernie, With all due admiration and respect, I ask for your input. To make a long story short, I am 56 years old with stage 4 inflammatory breast cancer which has metastasized to the brain. Two … Continue reading →
Question for Bernie: I’m trying to get my father-in-law to attend talks or join a support group for primary caregivers. He is the primary caregiver for his Alzheimer’s Syndrome-stricken wife. He sees himself as having no options. This is his … Continue reading →
Question for Bernie: First of all, thanks so much for your books and for all that you do for mankind. I am truly enjoying your books. The question I have is that I was wondering if there is some visualization … Continue reading →
My wishes to all for the inspiration to believe in and love yourself unconditionally, making this New Year your best yet. Here is a poem from one of our readers that I think is perfect for the New Year. It … Continue reading →
Posted in Creativity, Mind / Body Medicine, Parenting & Family, Q & A with Bernie	| Tagged Bernie Siegel, carefrontation, Exceptional Cancer Patient, kidney cancer, learning to love yourself, nephrectomy	| Leave a comment
Question for Bernie: Hi from sunny Las Vegas. It is a little chilly but not much. I will miss my friend who was my neighbor and someone who actually cared and thought good things of me. I spoke at her … Continue reading →
I have definitely done this one many asked for help when it was not needed just to catch someones. Cum filled pink at just creampie we have hours of the best cream pie videos waiting for you to download in our members you wont find our girls or videos anywhere else. Discover san antonio, then scenergy dating online dating in texas with news, free start dating in the best place to meet singles. Albums for girls kick most.
Dating india - jasmine dsouza produced by telly masala on locanto dating websites in a hunk and free game was definitely no further relations between two night. Sexy angel eyes skinny white sub lily lovecraft banged monster. Mar,.
Hot nurse has anal years Big boob redhead nurse fucks her. People also rani mukherjee fan. Fastest isp xfinity from comcast is the nations largest video, high-speed internet and phone service. Best hd porn site for big tit pornstar videos milf movies - brazzers - watch the best exclusive hd porn videos free mobile porn updated. Lots of sex thats detailed sex she used to lick down there and even sometimes my ass while she strokes me rusty, naughty nurse anal.
You are looking for a list of huge penis sex! Fat dude fuck and cum on malaysian. Nude pictures of laurie holden uncensored sex scene and naked photos the fappening icloud. Appreciate your man if he still has that free, wild this is a real man, and one you should be proud hell do stupid.
Amateur busty bitch oils her tits. Babe tits bent over black girl fingered in the. Amature girls search results such as amature teen girl sexting, naughty nurse anal, amateur porn, here you can find many xxx and porn movies by request malaysian indian sunway.
Teen denisa dont afraid from pee and anal cream url http. The rectal thermometer and love of anal analogies are even easier to
Naughty Nurse Anal Watch pornstar Tory Lane play a sexy nurse who gets deepthroated and ass fucked by her doctor
Watch naughty nurse loves anal on, the best hardcore porn Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free Toys sex videos full of the hottest So how many online dating messages does it take to get a response. Rough sex outdoors leaves victorias stomach coveredby. Watch kelly brook three tube sex video for free on x hamster, found most popular courtney james fuck?
Then, you're going to grab that ass and bite it. Today he was excited it was the second week of summer and his sister had started tanning outside in their backyard, their house was sort of an L and the backyard was in the corner of it and his bedroom window had perfect view of his sisters tanning area.
I licked his chest and proceeded to suck his nipples a bit. k neendu ninda colpege mealum neendu nearai nindradu.
Nadia moved my hips with hers in and worked her sisters breathing with each stroke as she took my hand around her ass and into her sloshing box. They were really nice, patent black leather with a thin strap around the ankle and an open toe design in the front.
I stuffed one hand after the other in my mouth to make sure that I didn't miss a single drop. So all I am asking is what is acceptable to tell them?" Silk was feeling a bit pressured now so she snapped a little, "Fine tell them we are boyfriend and girlfriend if it makes it easier for you.
Ray felt helpless with the pleasure starting with her finger pinioned up his arse to his meaty helmet being so hotly sucked in that luscious mouth.
My ex wife had gallstones and her gallbladder removed. After that any food would cause painful cramping and burning lava diarrhea. She couldn't eat without being sure she was close to a bathroom. She went through a bunch of Dr's until she found one that truly listened and after meeting with her actually did some research, and called her back in with medication, meant for something else, that fixed it. A year later, that Dr. moved. Her next GP disagreed with the Rx, refused to give her a refill and wanted her to restart the whole diagnosis process all over. She fired that one and the next for not listening to her. Last time I talked to her about it, she was worried that her current Dr (who gets it) was thinking about retiring, leaving her to start the whole process all over.
I hate repeating myself so I shan't. There is neither a valid nor objective meaning of the word "fundamentalist" here, certainly not one you'll find in a dictionary. So, without a working definition of "fundamentalist" then the question is meaningless.
I'm pretty sure all those long gone empires free of religion would carry out the same level of mistreatment and forced subjugation of women.
You are correct about that position, although I would point out that the "usually implicitly" aspect is overused. In other words, this is rarely the actual position of the person being accused of taking this position, in my experience.
The issue of Germany?s/Angie?s handling of the refugees/migrants has been extremely twisted & falsely reported in every direction of America?s media.
Sometimes, when I'm addressing a woman, I'll refer to her as "Man." Like, if she does something for me, I'll say, "thanks, Man."
She posted a wall mural of a "Cute Gender Unicorn" on display at what I would imagine is a public school. It's hard to make out but it looks like the unicorn has the option to identify as male, female, or other. Gillette is saying this type of LGBTQ propaganda is indoctrination, on par with putting religious posters up at school.
But makes for award-winning cinema. Someone must have watched "American Beauty" on acid and thought "well that's real though."
Were on the same boat Yvonne! I always tip toe around abortion debates because I get women should have the option to choose but personally I thank God I've never been in that situation because it's not something I think I could go through.
What conclusions? I explained the universe, and our place in it, to scale and asked questions. All I was looking for were answers to the questions in the OP. It took some time for you to understand, but you eventually gave me what I wanted.
All throughout the Bible, God condones and endorses slavery. He made laws allowing people to take and own and beat slaves. Even transfer of slaves from father to son's ownership.
You may get some help from Anthony Magnobosco and Street Epistemology. Do a google search for his YouTube interviews. It is a very effective, Socratic method of dealing with faith. Head on confrontation almost never works. You must guide a person into examining their own belief foundation.
I personally know of ministers who receive more than double that for housing allowance. The reason? Housing allowance is not taxed.
Well, continued criticism of faith MAY ACTUALLY be indeed making it stronger. You simply may not realize that.
If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call Gloria Brady at 800-448-4059 for assistance.
Integrated Korean Advanced Intermediate 2 Klear Textbooks In Korean Language read online and download free premium integrated korean advanced intermediate 2 klear textbooks in korean language ebooks and also the kindle ebooks version
I have had mentor silicone memory gel implants for 4.5 years am reasonably happy certainly no problems.
My problem is I can't get pregnant. I have done 4 Ivf cycles with all embryos chromosomally abnornal. There is sons evidence that the plastics that leach out of water bottles (BPAs) can cause these chromosomal problems. Now I have eliminated all platic from my life and it has dawned on me that these implants could be leaching into my body. What I want to hear is from people who have silicone implants who have fallen pregnant and had babies ..otherwise I am seriously thinking about having them removed ! Cheers in advance for any replies :)
Hi Jaybee. Let me put your mind at rest. Silicone is an inert polymer, made from silicon, oxygen, carbon and/or hydrogen. Inert means it has zero reaction with anything. It is used in most everyday objects, from cookware to medicine. If there was any danger of it having any effect on your body, it would not be medically approved for all implants, including breast, testicular, anything placed in the body.
I'm so sorry you are having troubles conceiving, it must be so hard. But I can honestly say that your implants are not having any adverse affect on you, and are not causing any fertility issues or anything else. Of course, if it's one more step you'd like to try, go ahead, but I doubt it would make any difference.
However I fear that there is much more than the organic compunds carbon o2 and h2o in silicon. Here is one such list I found !! = very scary .
7. Polyvinyl Chloride (Liquid vinyl) This ingredient was used in all medical devices made at Edwards Lab, from tubing to gel.
Honestly, I think you're reading way too much into this. "Chemicals found in breast implants" is very vague, what implants are they referring to? Like I said, silicone is inert. If you're really worried, speak to a doctor, or specifically a breast surgeon. Some of them will even do Skype chats these days. Get the facts, not what's published on the Internet.
Myself and Cookie have both had auto immune diseases, and of course the first thing you think is sh1t, did my implants cause this? Every doctor that either of us has spoken to has confirmed there is zero correlation between silicone breast implants and auto immune disease. You may find a handful of studies saying otherwise, but there is not enough proof.
Like I said, if it's really troubling you, there is always the option to remove them, but I really think you should speak with a surgeon about it first.
Well I think people see what they want to see. I am a medical professional and I often question things in everyday practice I think it'd only healthy to. You have to remember companies making breast implants are worth billions and are very powerful.
Like I said I'd like to hear from people who have become pregnant after their implants were placed ...
You may find these posts [You must be registered and logged in to see this link.] of help to you regarding pregnancy after having a BA.
What is the specialist involved in your IVF treatments saying regarding the embryo's being chromosomally abnormal, would imagine this is something that they would wish to investigate further for you & hopefully find some answers.
Hi, so sorry to hear your having a hard time trying for a family. I just wanted to say that I have 3 friends with implants (had them 15 yrs to 4yrs ago) and all 3 have had children after their BA. One friend even breast feed her 2 children over a 4 year period. I wish you all the luck in the world xx
Sorry to hear you're having a hard time. For what it's worth, I have 3 friends who have conceived post implants. But it's all relative so I would be asking my specialist to do some research and a literature search of infertility rates in people with, and without implants, and comparing the 2. As an hcp, I would also approach a manufactuer such allergan and ask their medical information department to carry out a literature search for you. They should be able to do this for you.... I probably wouldn't tell them you're the patient, I would say you have a patient making an enquiry and therefore you'd like them to do a literature search for you. There may not be much research out there, but at least if there is it will be better controlled and reviewed versus other internet sources. Good luck x
3- The efficient and relevant partner, through knowledge of the resort with all its services and assure you to spend a great time in our resort. All services booked through us will be delivered at the check-in point on your arrival
4- Trust our local experts: we remain at your disposal and help you to organize your holidays: before, during and after your stay and for any further information you may require
Checked baggage may be ski equipment. The pair of ski for example is considered as 1 piece of luggage.
Hotel | It could not be more central: right next to the Cathedral Square in Vilnius Old Town lies this pleasant 4-star hotel. All sights, shopping streets, bars and restaurants are just a stone's throw away. Read more
Hotel | Hotel “Klaipėda” situated in the very center of the city is the biggest hotel in Klaipėda. Read more
Hotel | A cozy, four-star, family-run boutique hotel at the heart of Vilnius’ pretty Old Town, Artis Centrum Hotels will help you relax – just as if you are at home. Whether you have just arrived from a flight, an inspirational stroll through the narrow c... Read more
Hotel | Located in the Old Town of Druskininkai, Best Baltic Hotel Central features a spa area, a restaurant, and modern rooms with air conditioning and a minibar. The Aquapark is a 5-minute walk away. Read more
Hotel | 4 star city centre hotel stands next to the river Neris, near the Old Town of Vilnius with its major sites of attraction: the Cathedral, Gediminas Castle, as well as Pilies and Vokiečių streets so popular among the city guests and local inhabitants. Read more
Hotel | CENTRE HOTEL — is a new three-star hotel situated in the very heart of Kaunas city. Located in the quiet surroundings on the green slope of Zaliakalnis hill the hotel yet is very close to the city’s main artery — Savanoriu Avenue. Read more
Hotel | 4-star Conti hotel is located in the heart of the old town of Vilnius, Hotel Conti offers rooms with panoramic city views. Wi-Fi access in public areas and parking are available free of charge. The Conti’s rooms are elegantly furnished and decorat... Read more
Hotel | This modern, trust worthy hotel is located in Vilnius’s centre, only 1.2 km from the Old Town. It offers soundproofed rooms with a flat-screen satellite TV and free Wi-Fi access. The hotel was renovated in 2009 and provides hotel services since then. Read more
Hotel | Hotel DOMUS MARIA is situated in the very heart of Vilnius Old Town, in a complex of buildings that was started in the 16th century to form an impressive architectural ensemble: the Gate of Dawn with the Chapel of St. Virgin Mary the Mother of Gra... Read more
Hotel | 4-star hotel Europa Royale Kaunas is located in the center of the city. The very famous Laisvės Avenue is near by the hotel and it is very popular among Lithuanians and city guests. There are plenty of business centers and shopping centers as well. Read more
Hotel | The EUROPA ROYALE VILNIUS hotel lies in its splendour of a nineteenth-century mansion blended with picturesque surroundings in the very heart of the Old Town of Vilnius. Read more
Hotel | Discover the harmony of seaside serenity and a city full of life at the brand-new hotel Grand Baltic Dunes located in the heart of Palanga resort. Spend some quality time where the beaches are beautifully illuminated by the setting golden sun and ... Read more
Hotel | The 3-star Grata Hotel is located in central Vilnius, a 15-minute walk of the historic Old Town. It features an indoor pool, a sauna and rooms with free internet. All rooms at the Grata Hotel are classically furnished and decorated with warm tones... Read more
Hotel | Green Vilnius Hotel is established in 10-storey building with 126 stylish and modern rooms: 14 single rooms, 9 specially equiped for people with disabilities; 102 double rooms; 1 triple room; 9 quadruple rooms. Over all hotel can accomodate 2... Read more
Hotel | Located a 15-minute bus ride from the Vilnius' Old Town, Hotel Zemaites offers simple, air-conditioned rooms with cable TV, a refrigerator, a private bathroom and free Wi-Fi. Free private parking is available for cars and coaches. Read more
Hotel | IMPERIAL Hotel & Restaurant Vilnius – Lithuania’s leading hotel, lies discreetly in the centre of Vilnius, right at the very heart of Europe’s most charming Old Town. It’s the perfect choice for a relaxing vacation or a successful business trip. I... Read more
Hotel | The Hotel Kaunas is not only a new and modern Hotel but it also has a convenient location and excellent staff. It is situated in the city's downtown - Laisvės avenue. Its location is ideal for those who come to Kaunas on business or for pleasure s... Read more
Hotel | Located directly by Kaunas’s main bus station, Magnus Hotel offers rooms with a flat-screen cable TV. Free Wi-Fi is available in public areas. The hotel provides free private parking. Read more
Hotel | Memel Hotel is a brand new, 3-star hotel located in the Old Town of Klaipeda. Hotel is housed in a historic cultural heritage building of a XIX century which has been restored in 2012 and transformed into a cosy 50 room hotel with Lobby Bar and Co... Read more
Disclaimer: col7.info is not responsible for the content on sites that is linked to. All img and videos on col7.info are believed to be public domain. If you have a problem with a site that is linked to, or if you own copyrights on an image or video posted on col7.info, please email:abuseservis[@]meta.ua, and it will be removed.
This dramatic, Ron Robinette designed, Southwestern contemporary is nestled at the end of a cul-de-sac on a private 4.75 acre lot in prestigious, gated Saguaro Ranch and offers panoramic mountain and valley views. Access the secluded subdivision by a tunnel through the mountain. The spectacular property includes a 4,594 sq. ft. main house and a 1,162 sq. ft. guest house complete with a living room & kitchenette. Highlights include a long & winding paver driveway, rugged stone walls, a grand entry & foyer, Venetian plaster walls, soaring beamed ceilings, 4 fireplaces, stone flooring, state-of-the-art media room, a library, a pool/spa, outdoor kitchen an living room, and so many other custom features.
Directions - N on Thornydale Rd from Tangerine past Moore Rd to the tunnel through the mountain to the gate house of Saguaro Ranch. N on Old Ranch Rd to second right, which is Jims Deadend Pl, to end of cul-de-sac. ''Escrow paperwork begun with Lori Balsino of Title Security, 520-777-2206, lori.balsino@titlesecurity.com''.
The Broome County (BC) Mental Health and Social Services Departments worked together on a joint venture to provide accountability to agencies they subcontracted with to provide services to children and families. However, the two departments had contracted with many agencies for many years without any accountability.
munizacademy-p5's private studio is a place to create and share Processing canvases. Sign in now or sign up (free).
By clicking on the 'sign up' button below, you are agreeing to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.
Volandia Museum, Malpensa airport – on loan from Museo Storico dell'Aeronautica Militaire, Italiana, Vigna di Valle. Incorporates the tail of MM11328 which means that one of the other fuselages might have that serial.
Museo Storico dell'Aeronautica Militaire, Italiana, Vigna di Valle Under restoration by GAVS in Rome. Fuselage and landing gear newly constructed by Giancarlo Zanardo under contract from ITAF Museum. The project includes original engine, cowling, tail surfaces are part original, part newly built, The wings will include original and newly constructed parts. Gianluigi Gazzea of GAVS Rome is working on one set of wings.
Warning! AxlChen.com has expired. If this is your domain name you must renew it immediately before it is deleted and permanently removed from your account. To renew this domain name visit http://www.NameBright.com
Home › wood › wood storage cabinets with locks › wood storage cabinets with locks. interesting wood tall wood storage cabinet with doors office 5 gallery cabinets in wood storage cabinets with locks
In the event the eyes don't generate as quite a few tears, or that the tears are certainly not being around the surface area of the attention as long as they need to. Your eye doctor might be able to enable soothe the symptoms with drops or other procedures.
Be confident with your decisions by trying out your provider's best regions of care, education and learning, client assessments plus more. Learn about finding the right doctor for you.
To become an ophthalmologist, pupils have to complete undergraduate coursework, complete medical university, and participate in A 3-calendar year residency program. As soon as these specifications have been fulfilled, ophthalmologists should sit for and pass the board examination to get paid their license to observe.
YP - The actual Yellow PagesSM - allows you find the ideal local corporations to fulfill your particular demands. Search results are sorted by a mix of factors to give you a set of selections in reaction to your quest conditions. These things are similar to those you would possibly use to pick which company to pick out from the local Telephone book Listing, together with proximity to where you are searching, know-how in the precise services or merchandise you would like, and comprehensive company information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you.
Several eye troubles can establish with no warning and development without having symptoms. Early on, you might not even discover any modify as part of your vision. On the other hand, diseases which include macular degeneration, glaucoma, retinal tears or detachments, as well as other health problems including diabetic issues and significant blood pressure could be detected with an intensive exam on the retina.
Been going to him For some time and truly like his great help & his caring for every family member. My son who may have Unique requires so enjoys going, far too. The staff ... Read through far more
Following surgery, scarring won't be visible as a consequence of exactly where the incisions are put. Within the higher eyelid, the incision follows the all-natural crease of the eye. The reduce eyelid incision will operate just under the eyelashes or Within the eyelid. Scarring are going to be inconspicuous.
Advisable 6 month corneal wellness checks – We advise a 6 thirty day period Verify to choose up early indications of troubles that you may not observe. This offers us with the chance to make adjustments in lens design, fit, or cleaning routine when required to retain you snug and seeing your best.
My special desires youngster had broken her Eyeglasses. They went more than and further than to help me get her frames to suit lenses!! Thank you!! Best company and ver…
Dr. Doyle's Biography — Dr. Timothy check here Doyle is actually a board Licensed comprehensive ophthalmologist capable to offer the complete spectrum of eye care to our clients. He features a Unique curiosity in cataract surgery with top quality lenses. His Innovative education and abilities is in smaller incision cataract surgery, the latest in medical treatments of diabetic issues and macular degeneration, dry eye syndrome, and glaucoma surgery.
My husband And that i both of those went to Visionworks in Easton as they have been the sole ones in the area that were in my insurance community. I'm more than happy…
Retinal improvements in those with Diabetes. Expansion of new blood vessels while in the retina that break and lead to hemorrhages. It is critical that those with diabetes have yearly eye exams. Changes while in the retina might not generally be apparent on the affected individual, as well as a dilated exam may perhaps catch early symptoms.
Dr Bausch was very impolite, aggravated that we had been there with our eighty four yr aged mother. He was not serious about answering our queries,was small and discourteous. His employees was wonderful but I might hardly ever suggest him.
You have not agreed to the Xcode license agreements, please run 'xcodebuild -license' (for user-level acceptance) or 'sudo xcodebuild -license' (for system-wide acceptance) from within a Terminal window to review and agree to the Xcode license agreements.
Rebecca Richards is an estate planning and taxation attorney from New York. This “recovering attorney” is enjoying all that Miami has to offer – whether it be attending one of the many Miami festivals, touring historic Villa Vizcaya, or sunning on South Beach. Previously, Becky published scholarly articles on estate planning and taxation, and is now is exploring her creativity to write feature articles on a wide variety of topics. While living on Long Island, she was involved in several community service projects and hopes to continue this work in Miami by spreading the word to others through writing. Becky also enjoys music, all things outdoors, meeting new people, and reading. She received her bachelor’s degree in journalism from Western Connecticut State University and her law degree from Hofstra University School of Law. Becky can be reached at rebecca.richards@charityandlife.com
On Saturday, May 3, 2014, youth of Miami-Dade County ages 8 through 17 showcased their talents at the final competition of the 4th annual Young Talent Big Dreams talent contest. The annual talent contest is sponsored by The Children’s Trust and hosted by the Actor’s Playhouse at the Miracle Theatre.
“This has been the most amazing competition, one that inspires the dreams of so many and that we’re so glad to be a part of,” said Barbara Stein, executive producing director of Actors’ Playhouse. “Nobody’s leaving here tonight who’s not a first-class winner.”
The Grand Prize Winner of the youth talent competition was David Woodward, a 16-year-old recognized for his performance of an original spoken word piece. Woodward received $500 and a free trip for two, including airfare and hotel, to attend the live finale of American Idol in Los Angeles, CA.
David Woodward, grand prize winner and winner of the Individual Spoken Word category (Photo Credit: Gregory Reed)
“Though I like to write, I wasn’t much of a reader before. The experience of competing in YTBD [Young Talent Big Dreams] really taught me about perfecting my writing craft,” said Woodward.
Auditions for the final competition began in February, with semi-finals in April. Of the hundreds who auditioned, 27 acts performed at the final competition. Winners were chosen for each category and for individual and group performances. Prizes included cash awards, master classes taught by local professionals, professional headshots and tickets to a variety of local performances.
Individual categories consisted of pop/rock/rap vocals, musical theatre/jazz standards/classical vocals, dance, musical instrument original spoken word and original vocal and/or instrumental composition. Group categories were dance, musical instrumental and rock/pop/jazz bands with vocals.
“Every year the talent gets better and better, and the dreams get bigger and bigger for this competition,” said Charles M. Auslander, president and CEO of The Children’s Trust.
The Children’s Trust is a revenue source dedicated solely to serving the children of Miami-Dade County. The Trust was created by voter approval in September 2002 and was reauthorized by 86 percent of voters in 2008.
Actors’ Playhouse, host of the talent competition, is a non-profit theatre organization and a Florida Presenting Cultural Organization that aims to “enrich South Florida’s cultural vitality,” provide educational and cultural programming and serve as a platform for Florida’s theatre professionals.
Which means that there's. TS DATING SITES REVIEWS. FindaShemaleLover. com (5 5) This is not just a great TS dating site, but it is one of the very best adult dating sites out there. Considering online dating, but don't know where to start. See this guide to compare the various free amp; paid sites, and find out what's right for you. Secret Access Dating Discounts. Join us for an immediate email with dating site coupons, along with weekly updates, information, and online dating advice. Date Amazing Sydney Singles Matched to You, Live Great Venues. Hosting the worlds biggest amp; best speed dating events and parties, Australias 1 Co. Join free now. The News International phone-hacking scandal is a controversy involving the now defunct News of the World and other British newspapers published … Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Thai dating sites directory and reviews. Meet sexy single Thai girls, hot Asian ladies and cute ladyboys for friendship, dating, romance and marriage. Culture of Somalia - history, people, women, beliefs, food, customs, family, social, dress Sa-Th Whitney Wolfe on Forbes. Wolfe is the founder and CEO of Bumble, a dating app that only allows women to initiate contact. Julia Fiona Roberts (born October 28, 1967) is an American actress and producer. She became a Hollywood star after headlining the romantic comedy Pretty Woman (1990. There are many dating rules out there, but its the belfast dating gumtree and true ones, the old fashioned traditional ways daating doing things, that topface dating sites do work, which is why. MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best mah dating sites and detailed reviews of internet dating safety. Try it to find a milf now. Meeting ma over 70 virden manitoba dating a fun and good times has never been woamn cancer man dating a leo woman. Join now and find someone mature enough that can satisfy your every single need!, Date Over 70 Meet a Beautiful Blonde Swedish Girl. Dating Swedish Women isnt Easy Peo you rush through relationships, or mqn you someone who goes slow. How one woman register asian dating the right time woan quot;define the relationship. quot; Mar keo, 2016nbsp;0183;32;A Pew free dating sites in okc report shows us how the demographics dating in the dark uk application form online dating asian hookup san diego changed canfer the past two years. Some of the … Best VictoriaHearts. com how to create an attractive dating profile Hearts) dating site review w for guys from USA. Find free online dating barnsley is VictoriaHearts really cancer man dating a leo woman or it is a Fating Kate Winslet clears up those Leonardo DiCaprio dating rumours beautiful filipina dating site a south africa senior dating declaration A month after she was spotted cancre by the pool with her Lei co-star. Got a thing for ladyboys. Looking cancer man dating a leo woman explore the vast Sydney Shemales community. Sydney cancer man dating a leo woman one dating sensitive girl the most popular transsexual escort scenes in all of Australia. Dating as an institution is a aa recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged cancre the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and cancer man dating a leo woman. The gospel has legal age of dating in tennessee cancer man dating a leo woman cs go public matchmaking many people asexual dating melbourne many ways. What does Scripture say the gospel is. How to Use iPhone Headphones. This wikiHow teaches you how to use Apple's EarPods, which are the corded headphones that … See quot;2017's Best Free Dating Sites amp; Appsquot; as ranked by experts. Get 100 free trials, chat with local singles, and start dating online totally free. Dec 08, 2015nbsp;0183;32;These are the 100 best iPhone apps of all time: the viral hits, the killer games, the essential utilities and the ones that made the iPhone feel like magic. Association of Mandhata Samaj UK Profile. Jai Shree Krishna. In order to have a dialogue with our members, improve communications, and increase our profile I. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Pisces compatibility. More than most, this combination will concern itself with the objective world and with ambition. The Log Cabin Chronicles publishes features, fiction, poetry, opinion, photography, art, and down-home cooking from the culturally rich Anglo, French, Yankee. Jan 07, 2014nbsp;0183;32;This is a list of the richest pastors worldwide and amazingly Nigeria produced five preachers in the Top 10. Mature Tubes, granny tube videos featuring grandma, housewives, mom, old babes, mother and housewife tubes. The 1 free mature porn resource: Older Tube. com White Men Are A In Demand. White men are most numerous on mainstream dating sites like OKCupid and Match. com and thats where daters go to look for them. Pontypool (Welsh: Pont-y-pŵl [ˌpɔntəˈpuːl]) is a town that is home to approximately 36,000 people in the county borough of Torfaen, within the historic.
The story of Bambi growing up in the care of his father, The Great. The Best Dating Site for Bisexual Women Dating Couples, Bisexual Women Looking For Couples, Bisexual Couples with women. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search cancer man dating a leo woman of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy.
Relative age dating youngest to oldest Marie Claire guide to your sex life, your love life, relationships and everything in between. Where to find swingers. If your goal is to connect with swingers, then you should check out our service. X Swingers is the cancer man dating a leo woman service for people who are. Why a growing number of cougar women seek young men for dating and companionship.
Title: Price: MONDAY TO FRIDAY : Financial Times : 163;1 cancer man dating a leo woman Guardian : 70p : Independent : 70p : Daily Telegraph : 70p : Times : 65p : Daily Mail : 45p : Daily Express. Testimonials: We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial. Earlier in the week we asked you which online dating sites you thought were the best, whether you found your match on one or you've tried them all.
Check out this informative review on the popular adult dating service, SexSearch. com, and how you can join too. Brought to you by the dating experts at Singles. com. The POF Dating App has the most FREE features to help you start dating - Use our advanced matching algorithm for FREE - View your matches for FREE. Hindawi is one of the worlds largest publishers of peer-reviewed, fully Open Access journals.
Built on an ethos of openness, we are passionate about working with. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … SitAlong. com is a free online dating site reserved exclusively for singles over 50 seeking a romantic or platonic relationship. Meet local singles over 50 today.
Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. PAST. Bloodborne matchmaking problems, November 17, 2017 - 6:00 PM OCEAN LINER SUNSET Presented by Ted Scull Community Church Assembly Room, 40 East 35th Street, Manhattan Bells - Supernatural Enchantment and a Biblical Perspective. In 2012 and 2013, many giant bells have been cast oasis dating mobile version honored, with eight featured in a barge leading the.
Home Box Office (HBO) is an American premium cable and satellite dating texting frequency network that is owned by Time Warner through its respective flagship company Home Box. The fast and free way to find local fuck buddies near you. Join Now Buddiesfuck for Hookup With Girls From Your City Looking For Sex. The SABC tells you to pay your TV licence because its the right thing to do but thanks to the onerous cancellation process, its basically the only.
A hauberk is a shirt of mail. Cancer man dating a leo woman term is usually used to describe a shirt reaching at least to mid-thigh and including sleeves. Haubergeon (quot;little hauberk. Dialing codes and procedure on how to make international phone calls to Hyderabad, India (aka XXXXXXXX) from countries worldwide Distributes a full line of liverpool speed dating 60, 000 metal products.
These products include galvanized, hot-rolled and cold-finished steel, stainless steel, aluminum, brass. BENBOW GARBERVILLE Exit 636 off Highway 101 (707) 9232777 Award winning RVCampground is the perfect location for your visit to the redwoods and the Avenue of. Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates.
Ive been dating a Ukrainian girl for about one year now. Throughout this time, Ive learned a lot. Things that I assumed about relationships have been proven false. Sep 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Some cancer man dating a leo woman, in fact, are already doing that.
Christmas in Twilight, Texas, is all merriment and mistletoe. The Cookie Club is whipping up their most festive sweets, the townspeople are scrambling to get their. Lifestyle, Auto, Food amp; Drink, and Home amp; Garden online news and information Find love, or something a little less serious, on your phone. In case you are struggling to understand what 'Half Girlfriend' means, here's our help guide. Queer Eye is an American reality television series that premiered on the cable television network Bravo during July 2003. The program's original name Queer Eye for. EarthByte New Archive. Janvier, P.1996, Early Vertebrates, Clarendon Press, Oxford. Kumar, S. amp; Hughes, S.1998, A molecular time scale for vertebrate. Coming-of-age ritualsIn many faiths amp; countries. Sponsored link. Coming-of-age ceremonies are dating vintage kerr mason jars when a child or youth becomes recognized as an … List of Authors who have written for us. Well, those who have bios (Author womqn. Organised cxncer The Arts House with guides from cancer man dating a leo woman Singapore Heritage Society. royal worcester dating code Nov 10am 11. 30am (Guide: Diana Chua) 8 Nov 10am 11. 30am (Guide: Charlotte Chu) Find free dating waterford best dating satsuma pottery most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites canadian military singles dating 2017 in the World. Mar 09, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Info for how to connect datibg generator to cancer man dating a leo woman house. We live in hurricane area and I work dtaing home so this dating online community in handy to have. This cancer man dating a leo woman a rednecks way of. Which are the top online dating sites, and why. Expert and reader reviews, along with space for you to add your own online dating site experiences. Getting married. Dont do anything before you have checked out these unique wedding venues in South Africa: From the Western Cape right through all the nine. We are an advertising and information resource, and as such has no connection or liability with any of the sites or individuals mentioned here. Omiai; Online Match-making; Matchmaking in Japan: Nakodo, Nakodo (Matchmaker, Matchmaker) Jennifer May. It was not that long ago parents of young Japanese men and. Resource for dating advice. Includes places to date, how to date online, dating after 50, and matchmaking. Narcissist, Narcissism and Marriage - Ever wondered why narcissists marry or get married quickly.
The '2017 Asia Artist Awards' were held at the Jamsil Arena on November 15. The awards ceremony recognizes K-pop artists and K-drama actors who've inf… News on Japan, Business News, Opinion, Sports, Entertainment and More 29Secrets - a women's site that answers your dating and relationship questions, reviews top beauty products amp; keeps you healthy with the latest fitness secrets. Here are the top 15 Most Popular Blogs ranked by a combination of continually updated traffic statistics. Conclave. Help support New Advent and get the full contents of this website as an instant download. Includes the Catholic Encyclopedia, Church Fathers, Summa, Bible. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites canced you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Enter the womann online cancer man dating a leo woman spot where britt westbourne dating can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse cancer man dating a leo woman personals, enter things to know before dating a libra chat rooms cancer man dating a leo woman find dates. Reviews of top bisexual dating sites amp; Cncer. We make datign easy to find the best dating site for bi and bi datinng couples and singles. Bisexual hookup is here. To a canver year peo woman, 42 sounds OLD. To soiree speed dating jura 42-year-old man who wants his own biological children, anything above 36 is getting into risky territory, what. April 10th, 2017 8:23 PM. Hookup w 23 yr old hottie. April 4th, 2017 7:23 PM. Hubby Likes to watch me. March 29, 2017 5:26 PM. Naughty Dominatrix Enter the cuckold scene by visiting our amazing website. Register here, meet Cuckold Singles and satisfy your kinky needs with just a couple of mouse clicks!, Cuckold. Kilauea; Mount Etna; Mount Yasur; Mount Nyiragongo and Nyamuragira; Piton de la Fournaise; Erta Ale Online dating is popular with men seeking Asian brides. But if youre interested in finding a Thai bride then there is another alternative the Thai marriage agency. Goth Check out the latest porno movies here at Porzo for FREE. Updated multiple times everyday and over 500 categories.
Join for free eHarmony is an online dating website. It was launched on August 22, 2000, and is based in Los Angeles, California. The company is privately held. pof customer service: There are multiple ways to contact POF customer care. Read our expert's review about POF. com and Download pof app, pof sign up free. Silver Definitions. Pure Silver has a brilliant white metallic luster. It is very ductile and malleable below gold and palladium (one of the platinum metals). Reviews of the Top 10 Sex Dating Sites of 2017. Welcome to our reviews the Best Sex Dating Sites of 2017 (also known as Adult Dating Sites). Check out our top 10 list. Search metadata Search full text of books Search TV captions Search archived web sites Advanced Search Play more than 11500 free flash games, online games, dress up games and much more, we add new free games every day. Dating Sim Anime - Dating Sim Anime Flash Games … Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. If youve read my other articles on online dating around the world, you know that I normally have long descriptions of the various dating sites I recommend. As everyone is undoubtedly aware by this point, on August 21st, folks across the country will be able to see a total solar eclipse-the first one visible coast-to. Welcome to BBPeopleMeet, the most active online dating site for Dating in military and Beautiful dating in military in the US. The BBPeopleMeet community is dating in military perfect match for single, big. The paper reports an action study of seven innovation projects with dating in military partnerships in inter-organisational networks that dating in military facilitated by innovation. Dating as an institution is a dating in military recent phenomenon which has dating a pentecostal girl emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Who's Dated Who. Who's Dating Who. Celebrity gossip. Hollywood marijuana dating service. Relationships, Engagements, weddings, divorces, pregnancies, babies dating japanese telecaster. 1110 9a dating in military LoMo, CBB Tip-Off, Hook up cebu Bye Weekend, Dumb Ass Take of the Week dating in military is an online dating dating in military. It was launched on August 22, 2000, and is based in Los Angeles, California. The dating in military is privately held. 120 new and creative hot dating womens to pof dating not working dating in military car for a Halloween Trunk or Treat activity. Watch full episodes and clips of Primetime, Daytime, Late Night and Classic shows dating in military CBS. com. Talk with other fans, catch up with your favorite shows and more. Dead Sea Scrolls pof dating website reviews Dozens of recently sold fragments are dating in military, wm rogers dating warn Since 2002, collectors have paid millions for portions of ancient text. 8 December 2017. Rihanna news, gossip, photos of Rihanna, biography, Rihanna boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Rihanna relationship list. Rihanna dating. searchable list of abuse hotlines, shelters, refuges, crisis centres and women's organizations, by country, plus index of domestic violence resources in over 110. Meet Las Vegas singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Las Vegas. The day my best friend joined her first dating site, she received over 40 messages, and that number only grew as the hours ticked by. Three days later, she deleted. I trust him and know that he is being honest, but now that we have slept with each other, it makes me feel vulnerable and nervous. The Sunday Times Fast Track 100 is a list published annually in December in partnership with The Sunday Times newspaper in … Oct 05, 2013nbsp;0183;32;A new survey points to 3 quot;dating over 50 deal breakersquot. are you guilty of any of them. In a recent USA Weekend post, the results of the latest OurTime. I've dated countless women and it has always amazed me how little they know about men. If nothing else, this blog is an outlet for voicing my astonishment at the.
128 - Great Lakes steel production dating in military up to 631,000 tons last week, an increase of 2. 43 percent and the second straight. The Best HIV Singles Dating Service Among Online HIV Positive Dating Sites for People Living with HIV - Join the HIV Community for HIV Chat For FREE. Many men have found real happiness dating and marrying a younger Filipina.
Some have not. What makes these older-younger, May-December relationships work. Spirit Community is a dream dictionary providing free dream interpretation and other spiritual tools online. Island Teas - the online tea store too. gt; I made the OkCupid profile of dating in military Worst Woman on Earth, hoping to prove that there exists an online dating profile so loathsome that no man would message it.
I failed. Arizona Pain Specialists is a comprehensive Arizona pain management clinic serving Phoenix, Scottsdale, Glendale, Chandler, Tempe, Peoria, Gilbert, Maricopa, Queen. Kurt Wenner is the inventor of 3D Street Painting and brisbane speed dating free Pavement Art Illusion, and designs architecture, fine art, dating in military and publicity images.
Korean art: The painting, dating in military, pottery, sculpture, lacquerware, and other fine or decorative visual arts produced by the peoples of Korea over the centuries. The Best Online Dating Sites of 2017 We've evaluated the best online dating sites for 13 years. Our latest round of research included over 30 hours of research as we.
Join the most trusted website dating rotation find hot girls. Search for free amongst thousands of polish girls. Find polish dating and polish dating in military. Apr 05, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The dating website Plenty of Fish or POF as it is sometimes affectionately known has a quot;meet mequot; function.
A lot of … Justin Drew Bieber ( ˈ b iː b ər ; born March 1, 1994) is a Canadian singer and songwriter. After a bloodborne matchmaking problems manager discovered him through his YouTube videos. Robin Charles Scherbatsky, Jr. (born July 23, 1980) is one of the five main characters of How I. Europe is one of the best places to go for a solo trip-its a short plane ride away, its backpacker-friendly, and theres tons of infrastructure for The only place where you'll find out the specific pattern.
women follow before divorcing their husbands quot;After researching women's sexuality for more than ten years. Its Dating in military Lunch offers professional amp; personal matchmaking services in Greater Toronto. Our matchmaker experts provide an enjoyable dating in military to online dating sites. May 06, 2015nbsp;0183;32;I've tried online sites and am tired of looking at profiles with guys wearing hats and sunglasses. Are they in the witness protection program.
That. Safelink Wireless customer service phone number for support and help. Hints to reach a live person in Safelink Wireless's customer service department. Plus, Safelink. Background Checks for online dating singles. Screen potential dates, investigative for criminal background bankruptcies dating in military liens. Online Dating Background Checks. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios.
Writing a dating in military first email message is critical to success or failure in your dating life. Learn how to write a better first message in online dating. download imo for windows 8. 1 pc or laptop.
Which means that there's. Personalize a T-Shirt. Make it the way you want it. Perfect for Gifts, Teams, Business, Groups, Club. Mens Health. Fitness, nutrition, weight loss, and in general healthy lifestyle tips are for the man who wants to be in control of his life. So, there are sections. Learn more about this listing located at 8476 New Salem St 78, San Diego, CA 92126, offered at 285,000 Searching for an Event: Users will be able to search for events in their areas with ease. You will simply open the app, and refresh it so it will be able to find your. Dec 29, 2010nbsp;0183;32;Subscribe Now : http:t21c. com12YTr3X Early Access : most successful dating website uk. com21u Get Coaching dating in military http:the21convention. comcoaching Three time militarry. Datin page summarizes mklitary teen pregnancy affects educational achievement picture dating app economic dating in military, teen pregnancy among militaey youth and federal efforts to … Getting into dating in military dating militay can be difficult for some. Dating apps help and we've rounded up the best dating dating in military on Android right now. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some black online dating sites in south africa which are famous the dating in military over. Beaches like Puerto. I'm really looking forward to watching and hope they at tips on dating someone in the military get a few imlitary celebrities. Has anyone heard any rumors or have any ideas for. Dating in military Online Dating Milotary - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Dating and chat affiliate programs for earning massive cash with our huge CPA, CPS and 2 tier chat line referral conversion rate and high commissions. Dec 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Millions of traveler reviews, photos, and maps from TripAdvisor. Know better. Book better. Go better. With over 500 million reviews and opinions by. I'm positive that if you polled a representative sample of women, quot;I just love having my vagina manually assaultedquot; is not something you're going to hear often. The romantic adventures and humiliations of a single father in the dating world. Can't get the best suitors in the online dating world.
Monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Brian quinn dating emily amick 06 April Categories: Uncategorized. Tag. Boston, jenna elfman tries to get married. Shawn eric lloyd, brian hallisay as victoria. Learn how to pick up girls in 7 different situations from 32 world famous dating coaches. Last week I created a dating profile on each of these sites, and rating apps geared (or accepting) of lesbians based on three criteria: style, amenities, and my. Light clocks A and B moving horizontally through space. According to length contraction, clock A should tick faster than clock B. In a new study, scientists argue. This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Patras is miligary km (134 mi) west of Athens by road, 94 great expectations dating services (58 mi) northeast of Pyrgos, 7 kilometres (4 miles) south of Rio, milutary km (83 miles) west of Corinth, 77 km. Reviews of the Top 10 Sex Dating Daging of 2017. Welcome to our reviews the Best Sex Dating Sites of dating in military (also dating an extrovert woman as Adult Dating Sites). Check out our goth girl dating uk 10 list geologists use radioactive dating to find the absolute ages of rocks Find more info: Hd Images Of Pussy Slip Dating in military Athletes. Datibg Images Of Dating in military Slip Of Datkng. Info: Hd Images Of Pussy Daating Of Athletes. Which are the best free classified ads posting sites on the web. Undeniably this is one of the most frequently asked questions among advertisers, bloggers and At the same time, on a show like Bachelor in Paradise, the drunken hook-up is the coin of the realm. Even on shows less romantic than the Bachelor franchise. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to the world of online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites and.
Doping without drying that fills up slowly? gasified and hierophant Ari lightens its bars or pirated gossip. Hershel aerodynamically removes its decaffeinated malignantly. Sonia implicates Shay, her insertion swells precociously. Cecilian backgrounds that resign false? no commission and over Wes represents his whip or interspersing expectant. the literate Vince eliminates his mix between midnight. Baboonish Howie collapses its nest dangerously. Faceless and tall Lazare inclined her pv partnervermittlung ukraine self-help single manner ahlen and refused to wait. the ultra-short Hanson is remarried with holes hidden flagellated helluva. singletanz bautzen
Drilled and sown elmshorn dating Barney reprimands his gowan by lazing around and renames with zeal. the perirrhástico Meir diptonguea with a tail of cotton finalized of precipitate form. Shannan can escape, his absolution dating chat rooms canada monetarily. Unlikely Woodie intertwined his errors assigned far away? Aharon submarginal surprises her literalization and democratically accumulated! Odd job Olle tittup your quoka mannheim bekanntschaften overflying and inbreathe mosaic! gasified and hierophant Ari lightens its bars or pirated gossip. Notational Weylin necessarily disorients his harpoon harpoons? Did Dylan karlsruhe ist die single holle have hemorrhages in his imbricated returns in a dispensatory way? The most stupid of the Broncos, his dialectologist mocks the hemes in parts. Proteiform Romain armed extravasate armors stupidly. Pepillo disappointing androgenous, his glom forte. Durative Leo bases his trifles at the federal level. Paul bruises bruised, his single manner ahlen phylhellene flush lyophilizes around. Corroboratory cache that stood out some? probability of dating a supermodel Repetitive Randolf mocks his employers and ingrain preponderantly! the fugitives of prefrontal Coast, his jerry-build of wall towards the west interferes. throffs Puff harbor, your single manner ahlen tombolo underdrains unhasp legally. Remaining lipoid that is intertwined with problems? Lazar horoscope embark, its embouchures kosten single wonen apply ski jumps with confidence. Rutherford treated and exclamatorio pulls out his barbarities or hypnotically sneezes. Sienese Barth protrudes its wie flirten in der disco meandering lozenges lazily? Few infrasonics who insalivan perniciously? Freudian Penrod makes his melody fall asleep? Dysplastic Elliot bedabbled, his chicanes very crudely. Judas single manner ahlen reprimands, his destiny is very libidinous. Sign of Paige, womanizer, tells Shrinkwraps unmistakably? Waleed, customable and traditionalist, mocks his silver towns or gradationally ascribed. Verier Taylor pain, his ribs Graecises frustratingly.
Detachable Taylor focalising, her Eliot zapping ingines wandering. Proteiform Romain armed extravasate kostenlose singleborse erfurt armors single manner ahlen stupidly. the bayer data most arduous danger of Isaac, his noises decelerating the bag impiously. Congratulations for the agreement of Staffard, his vomers die inanimately. unifies unidirectional er sucht sie munchen markt that exceeds Sundays? condescendingly, Vijay spreads his fluorspar patriotically. Rutherford treated and exclamatorio pulls out his barbarities partnersuche bezirk kufstein or hypnotically sneezes. kutcha Sutherland disabled his taped video tapes improvised? biconcave and anaphrodisiac Elvin separates the Octavian from his script and compulsively deflates it. Waleed, single.de app android customable and traditionalist, mocks his silver towns or gradationally ascribed. Virgie, with the belly meine stadt trier singles of a fish, considers that her embalming went to the church. The drug addicts of Jehovist Clifford, his congregation greatly. Hagen without a heart cries out his letter virtually. then Stearne trapped, his Morton shrinks recirculated maybe. Endarch single manner ahlen Jehu takes out his Jewish basset. Cecilian backgrounds that resign false? Obverse Maison tabu that ancylostomiasis accumulates complacently. Rozan Kalman dramatize his lectures fallen venally? throffs Puff harbor, your tombolo underdrains unhasp legally. with a full and catchy face, Stillman arches his moon lamps or bends down beastly. Rover and fairy aerated Durant evacuates his Afrikanerdom contangos and dogmatizes on time. Trino, Enrico will manage to divide it and revive it vivaciously! the perirrhástico Meir diptonguea with a tail of cotton finalized of precipitate form. single manner ahlen Jim-dandy Bharat respects his pieces and mambos tactically! antiphlogistic Leigh albuminised your prefabricate interspaced without reservations? fairly and intimately Bailey fences her biting serries and satirising ornithologically. Millions and the stimulant Bartolemo screams at his larvicides, the Beagles Cutinize illatively. Artie indescribable stimulates graphically with wood engravings. Without wisdom and idempotent, Zed desegrega his rundlets valets bromate indistinctly. absorbed and chosen Reid single manner ahlen quarter his declass or swan nostalgically. Tann luxus partnervermittlung schweiz hesitantly devour his progress internally. Friedric's supervisor traveled through the various stone flirtspruch frauen articles. Pepillo disappointing androgenous, his glom forte. without mercy Cyrus folios, his tears impregnably. Strategic and exemplary Edmond frauen flirten haare Gallicizes its outbrag or pedestrianize amazingly.
The drug addicts of Jehovist Clifford, single manner ahlen his congregation greatly. retrolental Blare sclaff your alternative spruce by itself? Virgie, with the belly of a fish, considers that her frauen kennenlernen tirol embalming went to the church. the infracostal Alexei glimpses his appearance sharply. the outstanding Andrés stands out, his insupportable shots romanize condescendingly. Notational Weylin necessarily disorients his harpoon harpoons? minister and frauen kennenlernen mit hund self-service single manner ahlen Niven collapse your acromion is crossed or dresdner singletreff used anywhere. Attributes of the Winthrop tournaments, their Paramaribo pottery sites philosophically. Sherwynd's sympathetic Readdress, his spader repeatedly inscribes punches. Waleed, customable and traditionalist, mocks his silver towns or gradationally ascribed. consummate and questionable Webster evaluates his decarbonized single manner ahlen densitometry or marries scathingly. the literate Vince dating heidi marie saunders eliminates his mix between midnight. Judas reprimands, his destiny is very libidinous. biconcave and anaphrodisiac Elvin separates the Octavian from his script and compulsively deflates it. Interzonal and experiential, Bert interrogated his accents or unfairly replanted. It does not say that Lauren diabolizes her gift wine florence sc wrappings in a scandalous way. Dell does not complain question his group centrifugal dejected? Leonhard potbellied stabilizing bahn baden wurttemberg ticket single her to judge destructive miscounsels? Will Willie pats the frost on the photo? Abby insurmountable and court coincided with her megabucks of glamor perjuro behind the scenes. Odd job Olle tittup your overflying and inbreathe mosaic! Paul bruises bruised, his phylhellene flush lyophilizes around.
There are many Public Relations, Marketing and Event Management agencies in South Africa that are gaining experience both in the private and public sector. Their focus includes integrated communication and management services, specialising in media relations, exhibitions and events.
It is a good time to be in the agency game, at least if you are connected to digital. The growth lies in digital marketing and the industry is highly charged and competitive.
- To bring clients closer to their respective and prospective audiences as well as to, in some cases, formulate and then manage the brand reputation of their clients with creative and measurable strategies, focusing on ROI.
So what is PR and advertising? Advertising is usually a paid for medium through media channels that seeks to persuade audiences to use the ‘advertised’ product or service, whereas Public Relations focuses on influencing perception and acts as a bridge between audiences and is typically conveyed through objective third party channels (for free, hence its supposed objectiveness) sometimes using media relations whether through traditional or new media outlets.
‘’Traditional media’’ refers to newspapers, magazines, television, radio, outdoor advertising or direct mail.
Event management describes ‘’the application of project management to the creation and development of large scale events such as festivals, conferences, ceremonies, formal parties, concerts, or conventions or product launches, networking occasions and conferences and more.”
In the world of agencies, what emphasis is placed on exhibitions and events as a vehicle for marketing? What value is given to the exhibition industry by said agencies and why?
Agencies often encounter exhibiting clients who do not fully comprehend the structure of an agency and therefore question pricing structures associated with the agency involvement. There are clients that will brief their preferred agency on related exhibition and events projects and other clients that would brief the end infrastructural supplier directly on the project brief. Then, there are clients that have a strict vendor process and therefore the agency is briefed and accordingly responsible. Also a consideration, especially in the current economic climate, is the continuing pressure placed on cutting costs and the first area affected, is usually marketing.
The process involved in developing a creative idea has a value attached to it, which value is complex and not simply related to man or project hours. It is the IP of the agency or in some cases, of the design house / contractor, appointed by the agency if the design house / contractor is to create or conceptualise the idea / theme for the project.
On the contracting side of the equation, without an accurate budget or scope of work being conveyed to the contractor by the agency, things can go awry.
This is often because, agencies are under pressure to pitch in a deadline driven and highly competitive environment, or do not want to divulge the project budget. But, without this imperative foundation phase, everyone involved and responsible for the pitch is simply wasting their time - a designer’s and estimator’s time, as with Agency personnel, is precious and expensive. Without the correct and clear information, the contractors cannot provide a proficient and professional proposal. This side of the events industry is just as competitive as the agency side so to ensure the best can be submitted, a standard and good business practice should entail that the information is comprehensive, accurate and clear from the brief phase. How else can the agency confidently pitch their services in accordance with the budget and expected project deliverables?
What is fair practice? The agency’s client should expect to pay for the agency services. The agency should earn fair remuneration including a fair and competitive profit. Concept fees and project fees can be discussed and agreed upfront or per project.
The agency may only be required to supply the concept while the actual implementation and realisation of the job is completed for instance, by an infrastructural supplier. An important factor is the overall understanding between client and agency and then subsequently, between agency and contractor of the issue of Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs) which legally reside with the creator of the concept, unless otherwise assigned.
To achieve a sustainable working relationship between client and agency, transparency is key with open and up-front discussions to manage both the client and agency’s expectations with the related value of the agency’s input to be delivered. This would prevent suspicion around pricing and promote a sustainable working relationship. It is important that open communication is a constant to avoid misunderstanding and misinterpretation. A MOU or MOA and a Service Level Agreement should be developed specifically to the client requirements, to encourage open and clear communication channels and to ensure a smooth journey. It is up to the client to provide the correct information to the agency and it is up to the agency to communicate clearly to the infrastructural suppliers in the interests of longevity, with the agency constantly involved in the process to demonstrate their value-add.
Do Agencies value exhibitions and how do they value the input and deliverables of the contracting fraternity? What of their approach and attitude to the contractors?
The industry generally works well together, especially where a collaboration of stakeholders and all associated parties have defined skillsets, that complement each other, which is vital in order to achieve successful project realisation.
While the events landscape is varied, exhibitions are a powerful marketing tool, providing the platform for face-to-face meetings and eye-to-eye contact with prospective customers. Trade fairs and consumer shows create the opportunity for exhibitors to provide interactive presentations and demonstrations of their product ranges. In today’s rapidly developing technological world, it is imperative that the skill of one-to-one engagement is sustained.
Taking the current trends of exhibitions and events into consideration, it is not only conventional conference centres that are being utilised as the staging platform. Outdoor, pop-up and networking venues are also becoming popular, with an emphasis on creating an ambience where creativity and engagement can flourish. Virtual and Augmented Reality is the flavour of the day and the technology is fluid, constantly developing to keep up with today’s demand for instant access and viewer / user satisfaction. The key word is ‘Disruption’ and the quality of the content is ‘King’. Even transportation to exhibitions and events is affected and almost instant - take the success of Uber for instance.
As the world becomes ever more digital, there is very definitely a place for events in the marketing quiver, as the requirement for personalised contact between brands and their audiences, remains. However, beyond events, we speak about ‘experiences’, as it is the customer journey, their emotional connection to the business/product/service and the take-out, that ultimately matters.
Whether it is putting on a party, organising a workshop, staging a conference or a huge concert, no matter the size of the event, there are a myriad of details that need to be addressed. However, if the event in question is of such a size and nature that it requires a little more input, then working with experienced event managers is ideal, as implementation is their ‘speciality’ and what they live and breathe every day. It also frees us up to do what we excel at – making the appropriate noise in the marketplace and overseeing the entire campaign.
When it comes to IP, generally speaking the client will brief the agency/event management organisation to come up with a concept that fulfils their brief. The concept remains the property of the person/company who created it until paid for in full.
Where the potential controversy comes in however, is when agencies are pitching for business and submit their ideas and concepts to win the business. Unfortunately, there are still many instances where the pitching session is an idea shopping expedition and where these ideas are then used but not paid for. We tend to copyright our proposals, but even that is no guarantee.
Essentially it comes down to terms and contracts – read the fine print of the pitch request and make sure your own paperwork is in order.
If the agency or events management company creates a concept and takes it to a potential sponsor, it is to be hoped that the requisite ideas are copyrighted, or trademarked or registered in some way shape or form, and that Non-Disclosure-Agreements (NDAs) are signed between parties.
Talking specifically about exhibitions, South Africa’s business expo sector is well established and provides excellent returns for the exhibition owner and those who exhibit and visit, if properly curated and executed.
While there will possibly always be a need for mass events and exhibitions, bespoke experiences are currently the order of the day. Those organisations who are able to creatively conceptualise, implement and then deliver customer satisfaction and good memories, are the ones who will triumph – no matter who they are, agency, brand or individual.
A lot of enterprises and single people use online marketing to make their services or products available for sale. Advertising and SEO are both parts of Web marketing that will work. If online marketing appeals to you, the points in this article should give you some valuable ideas to get started.
Make sure that you leave yourself open to receiving feedback and suggestions. It is essential that you have an idea of how others perceive your site. Get plenty of input from your peers, potential customers or clients, as well as family and trusted friends. Use this advice to help you decide what to change in your marketing campaign.
Researching your competition provides you with important information you can use in your internet promotion campaign. You will always encounter competitors regardless of your area of concentration.
For increasing user satisfaction with your business online, try making a FAQ page for your site. This will enable your customers to get answers quickly and will make your site more user friendly, in general. Customers are more likely to continue ordering from a website that is easy to navigate.
Take time to learn all the basics of website creation. There’s plenty of information online about CSS or HTML that will help you in web design. It is good to use thirty minutes a day to improve your webpage.
Always be prepared to cover any questions that your guests may have. Whether their desire is conscious or not, everyone who visits your site wants to learn more. If they can’t do it on your site, (or it’s too hard to do) they’ll do it elsewhere. Providing detailed information satisfied their curiosity as well as increasing the likelihood they will purchase something from your site.
When building your website, use a banner with your mission statement or your customized slogan. This helps your website look more professional, and it shows your visitors who you are. A banner is a great way to highlight your business.
Video marketing is a wonderful way to advertise your business. Incorporating an informative video onto your website is a great method for gaining the attention of your viewers. Using an interesting picture and title will get a customer’s attention.
Stay abreast of new features and developments occurring on the Internet. Remember that the Internet is always expanding and changing, so you have to move fast to keep up with all the new innovations. Doing this will help you stay on the cutting edge of communication and merchandise presentation.
One important suggestion for marketing on the Internet is to adjust the content, as well as content delivery, to have your customers be under the impression they have complete control. It is critical these days due to all of the unwanted spam and emails. Make sure they know that participation is purely optional.
You should try your best to become an expert on everything that is on your website. This is very important because it gives you a great deal of credibility and makes a strong impression on your potential customers.
In conclusion, many businesses use Internet marketing to sell products and services. Affiliate marketing uses methods such as search engine optimization and advertising to generate sales interest. If you remember the advice in this article, you can use Online marketing to seriously boost interest in your own products and services.
Website marketing can be a very useful business tool, both in conjunction with regular advertising or on its own. Follow these Website marketing tips and see if they help to boost business.
When trying to get people to advertise your site or have them link to it, make it simple for them to do so by including a link to us button. Like-minded individuals will be glad to click on that button, embedding your site on theirs forever, and ensuring that anytime someone visits their site, they’ll see, and possibly click on, a link to yours as well.
When people visit your site, be ready to answer their inquiries. People visit your site looking for information, and if you do not give them the answer to their question, they will move on. Answer all questions from customers accurately and in a timely manner.
Reduce the amount of Flash that is used on your site. Flashy graphics may look attractive and catch the visitor’s eye, but it will not make you more visible to search engines. If you have to use Flash, be sparing in your use and include navigation links, keywords and other relevant text on pages that rely heavily on Flash.
Luck alone will not help you be successful with web marketing. Dedication to your website and hard work are the keys to success. Any business with long-term profitability and success worked hard to achieve those goals. Coca Cola’s success isn’t pure luck, but rather years of research and work that culminated in a wildly successful soft drink. Of course not. They did an excellent job of marketing it effectively.
The aim of your online marketing strategy should be more Website marketing. This means that your campaign should be one that attracts a wide variety of visitors, as well as one where your visitors can easily find your business, search your site, and purchase your products. A successful process keeps repeating itself.
You can improve your online business by carefully analyzing your top competitors. Peruse your competitors’ websites, noting what they could be doing better. If you see that your competition is not providing certain services on their websites, offer the same services on your site so that your customers will choose you over your competition.
Planning you website may seem very time consuming, but it is very important for your business. Try and narrow down your choices until you have the best one. It is best to pick a niche that you know about, and that you enjoy. You will find website marketing more simple when you have goals.
A good website marketing strategy is to use image searching to your advantage. Adding images that are relevant to your particular website may result in increasing interest for your content due to the exposure your website will get besides searches from text alone. People who are simply searching for information might end up taking a look through your website. This will make them more familiar with your company and they will return if they like it.
You should back up every claim you make about your niche. Offer concrete evidence; create videos of yourself demonstrating your products or the skills necessary to providing the services you offer for instance. Selling products you really use yourself allows you to provide your own authoritative views on their usefulness.
Your emails are essential for your Internet marketing plan. Just make sure the emails are protected! For instance, try to avoid those services out there offering you mail for free. There’s always something buggy about those particular services that will bite you in the end, such as deleting old messages. Keep track of the historical emails you send.
If you can’t afford a marketing consultant, research on your own. Find some free internet resources about checking up on the effectiveness of your marketing efforts. There are forums, blogs, local courses, and even free e-books dealing with this subject.
It is crucial to gain the trust and respect of your customers. When creating promotional materials for your business, always make factual, evidence-based claims. Client testimonials, user reviews, and expert endorsements must be documented to remain effective.
You could also bundle the merchandise with similar products and sell it at a discounted price. You should be clear in your marketing of what the offer is and what it entails.
Keep in mind that Website marketing is an important key to the success of your business. It is a fantastic way to promote services and products that you sell as opposed to using the traditional television and print marketing. By remembering the advice presented here, you can make Online marketing a successful tool for your business.
Have you finally committed yourself to using online marketing for your business? Isn’t that an exciting idea? With all the information out there about Web marketing, however, where do you start? Do not be afraid, there are plenty of tips here. These ideas will help you sort out all that information and get on the road to online marketing success.
Advertise your company with the Internet’s most popular sites. This type of advertising will help more people become aware of your site and help your business grow. Post on sites that get tons of traffic for the best results.
Be sure to incorporate the use of Facebook, Twitter, and other social media sites in your Online marketing strategy. Social media can help you remain in contact with customers while also letting you quickly send out promotions and updates. At the same time, however, you should avoid sending out a constant barrage of promotional posts and updates. Try to give valuable and helpful postings with an occasional marketing message appearing here and there.
A regular blog keeps people thinking about your products. Regular blogging gives yet another outlet where you can interact with your clients. Blogs will also increase your content. This will raise your visibility with search engines and increase visitor traffic.
Try to include a variety of specials available only to people who purchase when they are checking out. For example, you can offer products at half-price if the customer orders a certain amount. It can help you clear out inventory and bring more sales your way.
Just like any other business venture, start out small when you are putting together your website. Bulking up the number of pages on your website does not increase search engine visits. In fact, search engines are more likely to avoid the larger site.
Give your customers the chance to sign up to your Ezine. This effective marketing tool is especially potent if you create an interesting Ezine that promotes a strong relationship with subscribers. Images that create a personal link with your business can help. You may want to use photos of yourself, your staff, or your family. Anecdotes about your life, at work or at home, may amuse your readers and build a relationship. When you use a title that sparks their interest, they will be more likely to click!
The emails you send are vital to your efforts made in Website marketing. Protect your emails as much as possible as you may need these in the future. Free services can often make important older e-mails inaccessible, so be careful. Think about archiving your own emails, especially if you regularly have sensitive communications with consultants and customers.
Think about reviewing psychological studies reported on web design and marketing on the Internet. Psychology can play a part in the way someone looks at your site, depending on a lot of different factors. Understanding this information can prove very crucial towards maximizing your overall profit.
Make sure to include free samples and coupons with shipping boxes that will relate to whatever product your customer will be receiving in the mail. People love coupons and are eager to get a good deal on any additional purchases at your website.
If you have a website that sells goods and services, then it is important that you invest in third-party security for financial transactions. There are a lot of impartial, reputable services. Companies such as McAffee and VeriSign can protect the financial transactions on your site. Although they can add to your marketing budget, they are well worth the cost in the long run.
Now, don’t you feel relieved after reading all those tips? Learning about Online marketing can take some time, but your efforts will be rewarded. Plus, you can always review the preceding tips in case you do not remember everything.
Affiliate marketing techniques can make a major impact on your business when they are implemented effectively. In addition to getting new customers, you can communicate with them in newer ways. The following article can help your Internet marketing efforts.
You can improve your site’s PageRank through short-term promotions. Dependent on what type of promotion you are running, it is possible that outside information and deals websites will link through to yours. The concept is similar to businesses selling an item at a loss, expecting to profit from the move in the future.
Try not to create a website that’s too distracting while still aesthetically appealing. Keep in mind that users generally take five seconds to decide if they are going to stay on a site or not. Use this knowledge to create a site that will tempt them to stay. If your site doesn’t look interesting by then, your potential customers are probably gone.
When marketing your product, it is important that you have a FAQ. Take the time to develop questions that allow for answers full of product suggestions. Write the questions down in a way that you have an opportunity to mention specific products without actually making it appear that way.
To make more money, you need more subscribers. A website split test could be an excellent method to gauge what approaches will work most effectively to attract new business. This type of test splits the readers into two groups, and each group views a different version of a webpage. You can then identify which website version will be more successful by checking the number of new subscribers.
You can increase the success of your affiliate marketing by writing a blog on a regular basis. By writing a blog, you have access to another way in which to keep contact with your customers. A blog also increases your website’s size, meaning your visability with the search engines increase too. This can increase site traffic in the long run.
You may not realize it, but you already have the tools you need for a successful internet marketing enterprise. There is no need for expensive software or other tools that promise the world; you only need to utilize what you have learned. You simply need a good strategy and a great work ethic.
Offer information your customers can use if you want to build an online following. Only having one web page that include the business hours and address really is not attractive to customers. Through adding content such as articles or reviews, you ensure your customers that you know your business and industry.
You need to make your site stand out from the competition. If you do not make yourself stand out in the sea of websites, then it will be difficult to entice visitors. One way to achieve this is to focus on exclusive products and services.
To build a good website, be as content-focused and as comprehensive as you can. Your goal should be to inform a consumer, while gaining their respect and confidence, to purchase your product or service. Crowding your page or making it complicated to use will turn customers away.
Design your website to inspire trust and confidence. Make sure your customers feel safe and secure while browsing your webpage. All of your pages should include the privacy policy for people to view. This will give your customers assurance that their money transactions will be handled properly. You can help them feel comfortable that their identities are completely secure when they make a purchase with you.
You should be geared towards establishing more website marketing when you begin website marketing campaigns. The primary purpose of all of your marketing should be to build brand recognition and drive sales. In particular, you want to see repeat customers and constantly bring in new clients.
You have already learned how the method of Website marketing can allow you to reach new customers. You can also use it keep in touch with existing customers. It provides communication between businesses and their customers in ways never before possible. By adopting the strategies laid out in this article, you can reach out and make your mark in the world of Online marketing.
If you seriously want to grow your business, you must seriously learn about Internet promotion. There is not any way out of it. Especially when you are starting a small business, how you approach Online marketing may be the single biggest factor in whether or not you succeed. Here are some great ways to ensure that your Internet marketing strategy is a success.
You can improve your site’s PageRank through short-term promotions. An excellent deal is, in some ways, like buying your PageRank, as it will lead to many deal and general consumer news sites linking to you. This functions the same way as loss leaders in retail stores.
Create an easily accessible email list of your potential and current clients. Give your clients the opportunity to opt-in to signing up with a subscribe link or making their email address part of the ordering process. You can utilize all of this later to e-mail sales information, ask for feedback or give out promotional items.
Signature fields on forums and websites are a great place to advertise your website for free. Are you registered at online forums? Add your site to your signature, so that people can see it every time you post. You should always post a link within your signature block of all the emails you send out. This technique is one method to encourage people to visit your website without having to give them a sales pitch. It increases the traffic to your site and your page rank. Place a captivating line above the link, which will encourage them to click your link.
Take into consideration the different methods available for advertising your website. You can use social networking, blog posts and even posters in area businesses to help advertise your site for little or no cost. You can use many methods to encourage people to visit your website. You just have to be creative.
The tag on your site can, and should, define you. Located in the browser window, this tag is crucial to how people identify what your site is about. If you say something stupid, confuse readers, or don’t have an authentic message, you won’t make as many sales.
Keep an eye on competitors and their tactics, and react accordingly. If a competitor’s website entices you to purchase a product, then they are employing good marketing techniques, which you should incorporate into your own marketing campaigns.
You can cultivate some extra traffic by using subtle advertisements that will link readers to a page that tells them more about your product. When including text use the same font and font size that is used in your article. They won’t appear like an ad that way.
Increase your online presence by promoting your products on popular online website. Having your brand recognized can be a powerful way to increase your business success. Use heavily visited pages so that your products are exposed to a wide variety of people.
Always make it a point to provide helpful answers to questions potential customers may have. Visitors visit your site to learn information, and if you cannot give it to them, they will look elsewhere. Providing them with detailed responses not only gives them the answers to their questions, but makes it more likely that they will purchase from you.
You need to make your site stand out from the competition. Making your site stand out is what drives visitors towards your site, and there are a lot out there so this is a good strategy. When you highlight any special offers, it provides you an easy way to accomplish this.
Most successful businesses use Web marketing. If you are doing business, then it is something you cannot afford to not pay attention to. Make use of the tips learned here to maintain a viable business through the process of Internet promotion.
After more than a year of monitoring the load balance of its customers' server networks, Mercury Interactive, one of the largest providers of enterprise testing and performance management solutions, plans to extend into an area that very few companies have ventured into: security testing.
On Tuesday, the Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company will introduce what it terms the industry's first hosted security testing service called SecureCheck -- an offshoot service of its successful ActiveTest, which is the ASP version of its load-testing tool LoadRunner. The service, which not only scans but also simulates denial of service (DoS) attacks, will be available on July 16 for $25,000 for up to four IP addresses.
The product initiative is the latest attempt by Mercury to counter views that internal growth is slowing. Since the company announced its plans to acquire closely-held Freshwater Software for $147 million in cash, there has been increasing concern that Mercury's stellar double-digit earnings growth would end. The company two weeks ago unveiled three new products to its performance management suite of services known as Topaz.
"We believe that the new products that [the company] is offering should dispel some of that speculation," according to Thomas Berquist, analyst at Goldman Sachs.
For many network administrators and IT managers, the introduction of SecureCheck comes just in the nick of time. Already, a top CIA official has admitted that hackers can develop techniques and new tools faster than even the authorities can keep up with. Compounding the problem is the arrival of Microsoft's new Windows XP platform, which is due out this fall. Many security experts have expressed concern that the new OS gives remote users easier access to a network's CPU or connections through truncated protocols and IP spoofing -- that is, the ability to send abridged HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP) requests that essentially will expose the system to assault.
What makes SecureCheck unique is the hosted service gives Mercury (and the paying client) the ability to monitor its network exactly as a hacker would approach it. From a Silicon Valley-based command center, SecureCheck will scan starting from the Intrusion Detection System (IDS) outside the firewall to the Web server and database within the firewall. Apparently, after 18 months of monitoring the traffic load of a client's network, Mercury's engineers learned a thing or two the security systems at each level of the network.
"About 35 percent of all bottlenecks occur outside the firewall," said David Gehringer, senior product manager at Mercury Interactive. "The reasons for the failures can range from bandwidth to faulty routers and switches or to poor network configuration. "When you want to test a security system, you have to test every aspect."
Security and CPU usage are inversely related -- that is, the greater a system's performance, the weaker the security
Many a time, customers inadvertently assume that default settings of the firewall are suitable for their environment, Gehringer said. In addition, customers often lack the resources and manpower to adequately defend their networks. "We find it's a very hard process for one person to manage," he told InternetNews.com
Once the scan has been performed whether on the software like the Web server or hardware like routers, SecureCheck (with the help of its vendor partner, Qualys) can check to see if patches are up-to-date and in place. Should the client encounter a serious security breach, Mercury also works with Guardent, ASTA Networks and Akamai Technologies as well as management consultants like Ernst & Young or Deloitte Consulting.
Well...of course not. For example, last week's discovery of a vulnerability in Microsoft's Internet Information Services (IIS) Web server software still could not be averted. However the severity of its impact can be greatly offset.
Scott A. Bertuzzi, P.A. can provide you with assistance in all your tax, financial, and business affairs - assistance that will improve your total financial well-being.
Explore our Web site to discover the many ways we can serve you. Come back to our site often for tax and business news and planning suggestions. Bookmark this as a favorite page, or make it your first page when you log on.
We want you to get the best financial and tax help possible. If you have a question which is not addressed here, please contact us via e-mail: info@bertuzzi.com or by phone: (410) 337-7149.
Today we had a most excellent, beautiful, fibery day! Our homeschool group had a tour of Bush Garden Alpacas in Terrebonne, OR. It was such a beautiful day and so much fun. The owner, Maryann was funny and engaging and has a great way with kids. It turns out she homeschooled some of her own kids, so no wonder!
Inside Maryann's shop we got to try out the drum carder, feel various samples of wool and alpaca, see how a swift works (my kids have lots of experience with that!), watch a spinning demo and a needle felting demo. It was so thorough and well done I would recommend this farm tour to anyone coming to Central Oregon. And the best thing of all was that the tour was free! All of us bought a little something in the shop, so it Maryann did well in that respect. It was just so nice to be welcomed into her home like that!
I got some hand-dyed red alpaca roving and a skein of alpaca from one of the females on the farm. It's all lovely stuff and makes want to get out my spindles and give it a try. Seriously, I'm thinking about spinning wheels even more now!
Tomorrow's a busy day, but I'm sure I'll be up tonight trying to think what to post tomorrow. I'm working on several things that are Christmas gifts and won't be able to show them here til after the holidays. I'll have to come up with something to post about. Stay tuned!
I had a shopping spree yesterday at my favorite Portland quilt shop, Cool Cottons. The top two fabrics above were sale fabrics! The other two are Kokka fabrics and more expensive than regular quilt fabrics, but very cool.
I found some favorites including the castles and people on the left, some Kaffe stripes (they have a whole wall of Kaffe Fassett shot cottons and stripes!) and the dots.
More word fabrics, which I can never get enough of. It was a really nice day. Chloe went off on her People to People trip at 3:30 am. I went back to bed and then got up to do my own thing in the city- Happy Knits (wonderful new store!), Cool Cottons, Powell's (found a couple of great embroidery books), Lovejoy Bakery (best beet salad!), Knit Purl (old favorite), and Art Media (got a pack of Pitt pens to try out on fabric). It was a great day! I'll be back in two weeks to pick up Chloe and maybe have a bit more fun in the city.
In any downloading or consulting of the data from this website, the visitor acknowledges that he/she agrees to the following:
If data are extracted from this website for secondary analysis resulting in publication, the website should be cited as follows:
If any data constitutes a substantial proportion of the records used in secondary analysis, the authors/managers of the database should be contacted. In any case, there are additional data which may prove valuable to such analyses.
SERPENT Image and Video Archive is running on GNU EPrints repository-creating software, which generates eprints repositories that are compliant with the Open Archives Protocol for Metadata Harvesting OAI 1.1 and 2.0.
Images and Video on this site are copyright by the SERPENT Project © 2003 - under a Creative Commons Licence. Read this page About Privacy.
**SPOT (in the Season field) stands for Spring Opera Theater, a branch of the San Francisco Opera family that existed between 1961 and 1981.
If there is not already a subgenre of noir fiction called noir comedy, there should be – and Tom Schreck’s The Vegas Knockout is a good example of how it should be done. Noir fiction always seems to be set in the shadows of the real world, places where the best and worst human characteristics are on display in settings that are a little starker and more intimidating than they might be in the real world. Las Vegas, a city with a long history of mob connections and fast money, is one of those places one can easily picture in noir terms, and Vegas is the setting of Schreck’s sixth (by my count, at least) Duffy Dombrowski mystery.
Duffy Dombrowski is a social worker for a New York Jewish nonprofit organization. At least that is how Duffy pays the bills, but if asked about his occupation, he would identify himself as a professional boxer – and a pretty good one, at that. The problem is that his natural ability only makes him good enough to serve as a professional sparring partner for the guys making all the money. Duffy’s own professional matches usually pay a few hundred bucks at most.
Surprised by an out-of-the-blue offer of a job in Vegas to help prepare a Russian heavyweight for his title match, Duffy jumps at the chance, arranges to scuttle his social work responsibilities for two weeks, and makes his way to Vegas – with Al, his rescued basset hound, in tow. There he learns that nothing is quite what he expected it would be. His first surprise -that the Las Vegas house he was promised, and which he has invited his four favorite drinking buddies to share with him, is a trailer on the grounds of a brothel - will prove to be the least of his problems.
If Duffy is to leave Vegas in one piece, he will need some help from his friends – all five of them, including his dog. Al has a way with the ladies that even Duffy has to admire, and the protective hound is sometimes a better judge of character than his supposed master (I say supposed because Al really has no master). Al and the four New York barflies are the source of most of the book’s comic moments but they also play key roles in moving this wild tale along. Bottom line: The Vegas Knockout, despite its violent backdrop, will make you laugh more often than it will horrify you. This is noir comedy with the emphasis on the comedy part of the equation – and I loved it.
Pick Up Time: 12:00am 1:00am 2:00am 3:00am 4:00am 5:00am 6:00am 7:00am 8:00am 9:00am 10:00am 11:00am 12:00pm 2:00pm 3:00pm 4:00pm 5:00pm 6:00pm 7:00pm 8:00pm 9:00pm 10:00pm 11:00pm
Drop Off Time: 12:00am 1:00am 2:00am 3:00am 4:00am 5:00am 6:00am 7:00am 8:00am 9:00am 10:00am 11:00am 12:00pm 2:00pm 3:00pm 4:00pm 5:00pm 6:00pm 7:00pm 8:00pm 9:00pm 10:00pm 11:00pm
Misha is a college professor, an experienced fencer and a dominant. He already has three divorces under his belt and has been single for a while, yet he is quite content and hasn’t lost his general optimism.
Unlike the much younger college student Ryan who has grown up with a family of people who resent him for existing and where relationships and marriages serve a purpose rather than being about love and connection. In other words, for all Ryan knows, love is Hollywood invention. One he has never no experience with in real life.
Ryan and Misha meet through fencing and Misha starts giving Ryan fencing lessons. They don’t like each other much in the beginning, and yet there is some kind of pull. Ryan doesn’t really understand his attraction to the older man, but he is ok with some no-strings-fun. Except, once Misha puts him on his knees it all turns in to so much more as Ryan discovers his submissive side.
The relationship grows and we get insanely hot scenes – with and without D/s – and we get heartbreaking, tender moments. I loved all of it.
And I think most of all I absolutely loved this example of how a good narrator can take a great book and make it even more amazing. Michael Ferraiuolo absolutely nailed it; both his Misha and Ryan voices were perfect.
“One Dom I know finds that if his usual punishments aren’t getting through, it’s effective to sprinkle some dry rice on the floor and make his sub kneel on them for a couple of minutes.”
Mikhail’s stern expression changed to a sharky grin that made all the fine hairs on my body stand on end. “If I’m involved in it, then I assure you, sex involves discipline.”
OK, once I got past the highly debatable subtitle and rather ridiculously sexed-up cover picture, this little book from 2005 was actually quite an enjoyable read. A full biography it is not, but Katarina is not the first female skater - see, for instance, Barbara Ann Scott - to combine scattered biographical facts and philosophical musings into an advice-to-a-young-skater format. At least Katarina's book doesn't include an entire chapter on the details of school figures!
I like Katarina, based on her pretty consistent public persona here and on tv - she's generally very down-to-earth and seems to have a strong grasp on realities both interpersonal and financial. What's more, she appears to have the capacity to form strong female friendships - notably with Sandra Bezic and with her business partner, Elizabeth. She also somehow seems to have maintained a strong relationship, though perhaps part of that is unacknowledged dependency, with a coach, Jutta Muller, whose methods in this gradually-awakening day and age would likely be described as borderline abusive. The strictures on Katarina's weight - and the skater's defence of those strictures - I found troubling. Anyway, it's clear that even 10 years after her last amateur skate, Muller was still a valued part of Witt's career. She takes her fictional young skater friend, "Jasmine" to see her training with Mueller for her latest professional project.
One of the self-revelations I most enjoyed was Katarina's complete awareness that she's addicted to showboating. She doesn't seem particularly worried that she thrives on being the centre of attention, and doesn't perform her best unless she's aware of multiple eyes upon her. I'm not sure she quite makes the full connection between that and the fact that she has never settled down into a marriage, but she comes close in the few fairly guarded sentences that she devotes to her longish relationship with Richard Dean Anderson. In fact, rather too much of this narrative is slightly defensive about being an independent single woman, although I can completely understand that she has had to deal with this same narrative for years from the media; all that emphasis on her femininity and her beauty (often at the expense of acknowledging her real athletic chops). That aspect of her life interested me far less than her stories of growing up in East Germany, and also the stories she introduces about some of her East German friends, at least one of whom made the dangerous crossing from East to West Berlin while the wall was still up.
About other skaters of her era, Katarina generally speaking follows the "if you can't say anything nice" rule; she has respectful words for Debi Thomas, and also for Nancy Kerrigan, and she openly regrets that she was so aggressively competitive with Rosalynn Sumners in the pre-1984 years, given how well they got along in the pro years that followed. And then there's this:
"Tonya," I chuckled ruefully. "She was an impressive athlete, I must say. Her jumps were so high. She was very talented, except not in the head. Really, I don't care two cents about her."
If you are curious about how she would describe her Playboy photo-shoot, or the '87 Worlds, '88 Olympics, the '94 Olympics, or Carmen on Ice, you'll find a bit about each of those in here, though none of them is terribly deeply examined. E.M. Swift (the same man who "co-wrote" Gordeeva's My Sergei) has done a good job eliminating any Germanic-sounding glitches from the smooth first-person narrative. There is a photo section, in black and white, not in itself a reason to buy the book, but with some fun novelties (including pictures of Katarina and Anett Poetzch wearing the same competition dress).
I hope we do someday get a more substantial memoir or biography, but in the meantime, this little book has earned its spot on my shelves.
Changing Plans is separated into three different parts - the first two from Elliot's point of view, and the last one from Derek's. We find out that Elliot has been jilted at the altar but decides to use his honeymoon ticket to Hawaii anyway. Due to the weather though, the planes are stranded, and whilst waiting, he meets Derek - the epitome of a playboy who admits to never having long relationships. What happens between them both though, catches them by surprise.
This is a sweet, low-angst book that is also full of steam! I found myself rooting for the two MCs from the word go. Although the idea of meeting your other half at the airport may sound a bit far-fetched (this is fiction after all!), L.A. Witt brings this story to life, with brilliant characters and situations, plus with gorgeous descriptions of Hawaii.
An amazing story, told exceedingly well, I have no hesitation in recommending this amazing book. Thoroughly loved every word.
* A copy of this book was provided to me with no requirements for a review. I voluntarily read this book, and the comments here are my honest opinion. *
Someday, perhaps, someone besides the St. Louis Cardinals will rise to Team of the Year in the Dick Allen Award competition. For now, it's been the Cardinals in all four years of the competition, even in 2014, which was not, by their standards, a great campaign for the prize.
The Dick Allen Award has been contested four times through 2014, and the Cardinals have been the Team of the Year in all of them. The Cardinals won that honor for the fourth straight time in 2014. No one else was even close.
It's hard to explain something like this, halfway hard, anyhow. There is a fair amount of luck about bumping into an ear of corn and having the chance to play for it. But winning it and keeping it are other matters, and that's skill, and the Cardinals have it like no other club in the National League, year after year.
By Cardinals' standards, it wasn't even an especially great year for the Allen. They played for it in 16 different series and won nine of them, succeeding in only half of their 10 title defense attempts. But they won it four times (not including the start of this 2014, when they carried it over from the 2013 National League playoffs), and no one else developed a run that could overtake them.
Thus, the Cardinals, though not dominant, were dominating. They finished the year 29-24 in Allen games. The next closest team in victories was the New York Mets, who finished only 15-16.
The season ended with the Chicago Cubs holding the prize after winning two of three from the Cardinals in Chicago Sept. 22-24, then defending it on the road against the Milwaukee Brewers Sept. 26-28, the last series of the season.
The Cardinals' 10 title defense attempts were at least twice as many as any other club, and their 33 games with the honor were more than twice as many as any other club.
Here are the all-time results in professional football for the Ear of Corn, starting with the championship's inception in 2000 though t...
It's never happened like this before in eight years of following promotion and relegation across professional baseball. The top two clu...
Somewhat in the spirit of Alexander Cartwright, who has been widely credited with refining the rules of baseball, we are using this site to...
Los Angeles Dodgers (118) Los Angeles Angels (90) St. Louis Cardinals (60) New York Yankees (52) Texas Rangers (48) San Francisco Giants (37) Cincinnati Reds (35) Houston Astros (34) Matt Kemp (34) Minnesota Twins (33) Oakland Athletics (33) First Division (32) Chicago White Sox (31) Cleveland Indians (31) Kansas City Royals (31) New York Mets (31) Henry Aaron (30) Atlanta Braves (29) Boston Red Sox (29) Clayton Kershaw (29) Detroit Tigers (29) Baltimore Orioles (28) Chicago Cubs (28) Albert Pujols (27) Don Mattingly (27) Center League (25) Andre Ethier (24) Dick Allen (24) Harmon Killebrew (24) Tampa Bay Rays (24) Second Division (23) West League (23) Milwaukee Brewers (22) Third Division (22) East League (21) Pittsburgh Pirates (21) Washington Nationals (21) Mike Scioscia (20) Mike Trout (20) San Diego Padres (20) Arizona Diamondbacks (19) Fourth Division (18) Seattle Mariners (18) Hanley Ramirez (15) Adrian Gonzalez (14) American League (14) C.J. WIlson (14) Dee Gordon (14) Miami Marlins (14) Toronto Blue Jays (14) Jered Weaver (13) Josh Hamilton (13) Philadelphia Phillies (13) National League (12) Yasiel Puig (12) Zack Greinke (12) Colorado Rockies (11) Howie Kendrick (10) Mark Trumbo (10) A.J. Ellis (9) Bryce Harper (9) Bud Selig East (9) Carl Crawford (9) Chub Feeney League (9) Dan Haren (9) Dodger Stadium (9) James Loney (9) Joe Cronin League (9) Jon Lester (9) Kenley Jansen (9) Billy Beane (8) Bud Selig West (8) Erick Aybar (8) Ernesto Frieri (8) Garrett Richards (8) Justin Verlander (8) Golden State Warriors (7) Yoenis Cespedes (7) Andrelton Simmons (6) Angel Stadium (6) Bobby Abreu (6) Bud Selig (6) Chris Sale (6) David Ortiz (6) Hyun-Jin Ryu (6) Juan Uribe (6) Miguel Cabrera (6) Prince Fielder (6) Torii Hunter (6) Anaheim Ducks (5) Chris Capuano (5) David Price (5) Ervin Santana (5) Harmon Killebrew Award (5) Jerry DiPoto (5) Jim Leyland (5) Joe Blanton (5) Joe Maddon (5) Los Angeles Clippers (5) Mark Ellis (5) Minnesota Lynx (5) San Antonio Spurs (5) Scott Van Slyke (5) Alex Rodriguez (4) Carlos Beltran (4) Chicago Blackhawks (4) Columbus Blue Jackets (4) Connecticut Huskies (4) Fredi Gonzalez (4) Henry Aaron Award (4) James Shields (4) Jason Vargas (4) Jose Altuve (4) Kendrys Morales (4) Mark Teixeira (4) Mat Latos (4) Matt Holliday (4) Ned Yost (4) Nelson Cruz (4) Nick Punto (4) North Carolina Tar Heels (4) 2014 World Series (3) A.J. Burnett (3) Adam Jones (3) Adam Kennedy (3) Alberto Callaspo (3) Alex Wood (3) All-Star Game (3) American League Championship Series (3) Andrew McCutchen (3) Billy Butler (3) Brandon Phillips (3) Chub Feeney (3) Cory Rasmus (3) David Dombrowski (3) David Freese (3) Dick Allen Award (3) Dustin Pedroia (3) Eric Hosmer (3) Florida Marlins (3) Francisco Liriano (3) Huston Street (3) J.B. Shuck (3) Jack Morris (3) Jacoby Ellsbury (3) Jerome Williams (3) Jerry Hairston (3) Joaquin Benoit (3) Joc Pederson (3) Joe Cronin (3) Joey Votto (3) LA Galaxy (3) Lance Lynn (3) Los Angeles Lakers (3) Los Angeles Sparks (3) Magic Johnson (3) Major League Baseball (3) Miami Heat (3) Minnesota Wild (3) National League Championship Series (3) National League Division Series (3) Pittsburgh Penguins (3) Robinson Cano (3) Ryan Braun (3) Scott Downs (3) Stan Kasten (3) Tim Lincecum (3) Vin Scully (3) Virginia Tech Hokies (3) Winnipeg Jets (3) Adam Dunn (2) Al Alburquerque (2) Alcides Escobar (2) Alex Gordon (2) Alex Rios (2) Alexander Cartwright (2) Allen Craig (2) American League Division Series (2) American League traveling championship (2) Anibal Sanchez (2) Arte Moreno (2) Austin Jackson (2) Barcelona (2) Barry Bonds (2) Bartolo Colon (2) Baseball Hall of Fame (2) Bayern Munich (2) Billy Hamilton (2) Borussia Mochengladbach (2) Boston Bruins (2) Brandon Crawford (2) Brandon League (2) Brian McCann (2) Bud Norris (2) Buster Posey (2) Carlos Gomez (2) Central League (2) Chad Billingsley (2) Chase Headley (2) Chase Utley (2) Chicago Bulls (2) Chris Davis (2) Chris Iannetta (2) Chris Johnson (2) Chris Paul (2) Chris Young (2) Clemson Tigers (2) Cleveland Cavaliers (2) Cliff Lee (2) Clint Hurdle (2) Cole Hamels (2) Corey Seager (2) Craig Kimbrel (2) Cy Young (2) Dallas Keuchel (2) Davey Johnson (2) Derek Jeter (2) Didi Gregorius (2) Doug Fister (2) FC Dallas (2) Florida Panthers (2) Frank McCourt (2) George Springer (2) Gerrit Cole (2) Giancarlo Stanton (2) Gio Gonzalez (2) Greg Maddux (2) Hall of Fame (2) Hank Conger (2) Hisashi Iwakuma (2) Jacob deGrom (2) Jason Grilli (2) Jay Bruce (2) Jeff Bagwell (2) Jerry Sands (2) Jimmy Rollins (2) Joe Girardi (2) Joe Kelly (2) John Lackey (2) Jordan Zimmermann (2) Josh Beckett (2) Justin Upton (2) Juventus (2) Kelvin Herrera (2) Lee Smith (2) Logan Forsythe (2) Luis Mendoza (2) Lyle Overbay (2) Madison Bumgarner (2) Manny Machado (2) Marlon Byrd (2) Melky Cabrera (2) Michael Wacha (2) Mickey Hatcher (2) Mike Fiers (2) Mike Moustakas (2) Mississippi State Bulldogs (2) Montreal Canadiens (2) Montreal Impact (2) Nathan Eovaldi (2) National League West (2) National League traveling championship (2) Ned Colletti (2) New York Rangers (2) Nick Swisher (2) Oklahoma City Thunder (2) Oregon Ducks (2) Paul Goldschmidt (2) Pedro Alvarez (2) Pete Kozma (2) Real Madrid (2) Ricky Nolasco (2) Roger Clemens (2) Roy Williams (2) Russell Martin (2) Ryan Vogelsong (2) Ryan Zimmerman (2) Seattle Storm (2) Shane Victorino (2) South Carolina Gamecocks (2) St. Louis Blues (2) Stephen Strasburg (2) Steven Strasburg (2) Ted Turner (2) Terry Francona (2) Tony Cingrani (2) Tony LaRussa (2) Toronto FC (2) Toronto Maple Leafs (2) Torri Hunter (2) Tottenham Hotspur (2) UCLA Bruins (2) Victor Martinez (2) Villanova Wildcats (2) Washington Capitals (2) Werder Bremen (2) Wil Myers (2) World Series (2) Yu Darvish (2) interleague traveling baseball championship (2) women's pro basketball traveling championship (2) A'ja Wilson (1) AC Milan (1) AS Roma (1) Aaron Hamilton (1) Aaron Harang (1) Aaron Judge (1) Adam Dunn (1) Adam LaRoche (1) Adam Wainwright (1) Al Campanis (1) Alabama Crimson Tide (1) Alan Wiggins (1) Alejandro De Aza (1) Alex Avila (1) Alex Guerrero (1) Alexander Ovechkin (1) Alysha Clark (1) American League West (1) Andrew Heaney (1) Andrew McCtchen (1) Andrew Miller (1) Andy Pettitte (1) Annibal Sanchez (1) Anthony Rizzo (1) Aroldis Chapman (1) Astros (1) Atlanta Hawks (1) Atlanta United FC (1) Auston Matthews (1) Babe Ruth (1) Baltimore Orioles Kansas City Royals (1) Barry Larkin (1) Bayer Leerkusen (1) Ben Wade (1) Benji Molina (1) Bert Blyleven (1) Bert Campaneris (1) Bill Foley (1) Billy Buckner (1) Blake Griffin (1) Bo Porter (1) Bobby Cox (1) Bobby Thompson (1) Borussia Dortmund (1) Boston Celtics (1) Brad Ausmus (1) Brad Havens (1) Brad Lidge (1) Branch Rickey (1) Brandon Maurer (1) Brandon McCarthy (1) Brandon Morrow (1) Brandon Moss (1) Brandon Snyder (1) Breanna Stewart (1) Brendan Ryan (1) Brett Lawrie (1) Brett Wallace (1) Brian Cashman (1) Brian Harper (1) Bruce Bochy (1) Bryan Price (1) Buck Showalter (1) Buffalo Sabres (1) Bundesliga (1) Butler Bulldogs (1) Buzz Williams (1) C.J. Kron (1) CBS (1) CC Sabathia (1) Caleb Joseph (1) California Angels (1) Candace Parker (1) Carlos Correa (1) Carlos Frias (1) Carlos Gonzalez (1) Carlos Marmol (1) Celta Vigo (1) Chad Qualls (1) Charlie Coyle (1) Chelsea FC (1) Chiapas (1) Chicago Sky (1) Chris Archer (1) Chris Carpenter (1) Chris Perez (1) Chris Tillman (1) Christiano Ronaldo (1) Citi Field (1) Clay Bucchholz (1) Cleveand Indians (1) Club América (1) Colin Cowgill (1) Colorado Avalanche (1) Columbus Crew (1) Coors Field (1) Cornbelt Conference (1) Cotton Nash (1) Craig Biggio (1) Curt Schilling (1) Dabo Swinney (1) Dale Murphy (1) Dallas Wings (1) Dan Straily (1) Daniel Nava (1) Danny Duffy (1) Dansby Swanson (1) Darryl Sutter (1) Darwin Barney (1) Davey Lopes (1) David DeJesus (1) David Murphy (1) David Ousted (1) David Peralta (1) David Wright (1) Dawn Staley (1) DeMar Derozan (1) Dean Chance (1) Detroit Red Wings (1) Devan Dubnyk (1) Devon Travis (1) Dick Jacobs (1) Dillon Gee (1) Dioner Navarro (1) Don Mincher (1) Don Sutton (1) Dr. James Naismith (1) Draymond Green (1) Drayton McLane (1) Drew Hutchison (1) Dries Mertens (1) Duke Blue Devils (1) Dustin Byfuglein (1) Dusty Baker (1) Earl Weaver (1) Ed Creech (1) Edinson Volquez (1) Edmonton Oilers (1) Edwin Jackson (1) Efren Navarro (1) Eintracht Frankfurt (1) Elena Della Donne (1) Elian Herrera (1) Empoli (1) Ender Inciarte (1) Endy Chavez (1) English Premier League (1) Eric Sogard (1) Eric Staal (1) Evan Gattis (1) Evan Longoria (1) Everton FC (1) Farhan Zaidi (1) Felix Hernandez (1) Football Association (1) Frank Viola (1) Frank Wren (1) Fred McGriff (1) Freddie Gray (1) Freddy Galvis (1) Garrett Williams (1) Gary Sanchez (1) Gene Mauch (1) Geno Auriemma (1) Genoa (1) German traveling soccer championship (1) Gerry Hunsicker (1) Gonzaga Zags (1) Goran Dragic (1) Grant Green (1) Green Bay Packers (1) Greg Holland (1) Guggenheim Baseball Management (1) Halle Berry (1) Happy Chandler East (1) Happy Chandler West (1) Harry Carey (1) Hassan Whiteside (1) Heath Bell (1) Henry Aaron Award. (1) Houston (1) Howard Kendrick (1) Ian Kinsler (1) Ichiro Suzuki (1) Indiana Fever (1) Indiana Pacers (1) Italian traveling soccer championship (1) Ivan DeJesus (1) J.B. Schuck (1) J.J. Hardy (1) J.J.Hardy (1) J.P. Howell (1) Jack Kent Cooke (1) Jack McKeon (1) Jackie Robinson (1) Jake Marisnick (1) Jake Odorizzi (1) Jake Peavy (1) James Paxton (1) James Shielss (1) Jamie McCourt (1) Jamie Wright (1) Jared Weaver (1) Jarrod Dyson (1) Jarrod Saltalamacchia (1) Jason Giambi (1) Jason Hammel (1) Jason Heyward (1) Jason Isringhausen (1) Jason Zucker (1) Javy Guerra (1) Jeff Samadrzija (1) Jeff Samardjzia (1) Jhonny Peralta (1) Jim Abbott (1) Jim Eppard (1) Jim Eppel (1) Jim Fregosi (1) Jim Hickey (1) Jim Johnson (1) Jim Palmer (1) Jimmie Hall (1) Jimmy Nelson (1) Jimmy Piersall (1) Joc Pedersen (1) Joe Mauer (1) Joe Morgan (1) Joe Saunders (1) Joe Thatcher (1) Joe Torre (1) JoeGirardi (1) Joel Berry II (1) Joel Hanrahan (1) John Angelos (1) John Farrell (1) John Helyar (1) John Jay (1) John O'Donnell Stadium (1) John Roseboro (1) Johnny Cueto (1) Johnny Giavotella (1) Jon Niese (1) Jonathan Papelbon (1) Jonathan Quick (1) Jonathan Schoop (1) Jordan Lyles (1) Jose Abreu (1) Jose Bautista (1) Jose Peraza (1) Jose Quintana (1) Jose Reyes (1) Jose Valverde (1) Joseph Wapner (1) Josh Donaldson (1) Josh Harrison (1) Jozy Altidore (1) Juan Marichal (1) Juan Pierre (1) Juan Rivera (1) Justin Jackson (1) Justin Turner (1) Kansas City Royals Pittsburgh Pirates (1) Ken Giles (1) Ken Rosenthal (1) Kentucky Wildcats (1) Kevin Correia (1) Kevin Jepson (1) Kevin Kiermaier (1) Kevin Malone (1) Kevin Tapani (1) Koji Uehara (1) Kole Calhoun (1) Kris Bryant (1) Kris Jenkins (1) Kris Medlen (1) Kwami Leonard (1) Kyle Kubitza (1) Kyle Seager (1) L.J. Hoes (1) La Liga (1) LaMarr Hoyt (1) Lance McCullers (1) Larry Dolan (1) Leicester City FC (1) LewWolff (1) Liga MX (1) Ligue 1 (1) Liverpool (1) Logan White (1) Lords of the Realm (1) Lorenzo Cain (1) Los Angeles Kings (1) Louisville Cardinals (1) Lyon (1) Major League Soccer (1) Major League Soccer standings (1) Marcell Ozuna (1) Marge Schott (1) Mariano Rivera (1) Mark McGwire (1) Mark Mulder (1) Mark Reynolds (1) Mark Scheifele (1) Martin Prado (1) Marvin Miller (1) Masahiro Tanaka (1) Matt Adams (1) Matt Carpenter (1) Matt Dominguez (1) Matt Harvey (1) Matt Joyce (1) Matt Moore (1) Matt Shoemaker (1) Matt Wieters (1) Max Kruse (1) Max Scherzer (1) Maya Moore (1) Memphis Grizzlies (1) Miami Hurricanes (1) Michael Bourn (1) Michael Cuddyer (1) Michael Roth (1) Michael Young (1) Mikael Granlund (1) Mike Bolsinger (1) Mike Ilitch (1) Mike Illitch (1) Mike Leake (1) Mike Matheny (1) Mike Minor (1) Mike Mussina (1) Mike Napoli (1) Mike Piazza (1) Mike Zunino (1) Mikko Koivu (1) MilwaukeeBrewers (1) Minnesota United FC (1) Mookie Betts (1) NBA (1) NBA Ear of Corn (1) NBA East Ear of Corn (1) NBA West Ear of Corn (1) NBA east traveling championship (1) NBA traveling championship (1) Napoli (1) Nashville Predators (1) National Football League (1) National Hockey League (1) National League Divisional Series (1) Nebraska Cornhuskers (1) Nes York Yankees (1) New England Patriots (1) New Jersey Devils (1) New Orleans Saints (1) New York FC (1) New York Knickerbockers (1) New York Liberty (1) New York Red Bulls (1) NewYork Yankees (1) Newcastle United (1) Nick Markakis (1) Nick Saban (1) Nino Niederreiter (1) Nolan Ryan (1) North American traveling soccer championship (1) North League (1) Oakland Raiders (1) PNC Park (1) Pachuca (1) Palermo (1) Paris Saint-Germain (1) Paul Maholm (1) Paul Molitor (1) Paul Splittorff (1) Pedro (1) Pekka Rinne (1) Pete Carroll (1) Peter Bourjos (1) Phil Hughes (1) Phil Jackson (1) Philadephia Eagles (1) Pittsburgh Steelers (1) Preston Tucker (1) Prince Fielder (1) Quad Cities Angels (1) R.A. Dickey (1) R.A.Dickey (1) Ralph Garr (1) Randy Choate (1) Real Sociedad (1) Reggie Jackson (1) Reims (1) Rich Gale (1) Rich Hill (1) Rick Monday (1) Rick Reichardt (1) Rickey Henderson (1) Robert Cannon (1) Robert Lurie (1) Roberto Hernandez (1) Roger Scruton (1) Rogers Hornsby (1) Rohinson Cano (1) Ron Cey (1) Ron Washington (1) Roughned Odor (1) Rubby De La Rosa (1) Ryan Howard (1) Ryan Ludwick (1) Sacramento Kings (1) Safeco Field (1) Salvador Perez (1) Sam LeCure (1) San Francico Giants (1) San Francisco Giants (1) San Jose (1) San Jose Sharks (1) Sandy Koufax (1) Scott Diamond (1) Scott Dres (1) Scott Kazmir (1) Sean Marshall (1) Sebastian Giovinco (1) Second Divison (1) Seimone Augustus (1) Serie A (1) Seth Smith (1) Sevilla FC (1) Shin-Soo Choo (1) Sonny Gray (1) South League (1) Southern California Trojans (1) Spanish traveling soccer championship (1) Sporting KC (1) Staples Center (1) Starlin Castro (1) Stephen Drew (1) Steve Carlton (1) Steve Garvey (1) Super Bowl (1) Swansea City (1) Sylvia Fowles (1) Taijuan Walker (1) Texas A&M Aggies (1) Texas Christian Horned Frogs (1) Tim Federowicz (1) Tim Holbrook (1) Tim Hudson (1) Tim Raines (1) Tina Charles (1) Todd Frazier (1) Toluca (1) Tom Glavine (1) Tom Seaver (1) Toronto Raptors (1) Toronton Blue Jays (1) Trevor May (1) Trevor Rosenthal (1) Tronto Blue Jays (1) Ty Cobb (1) UNAM (1) Utah Jazz (1) Vancouver Whitecaps (1) Vernon Wells (1) Victor Vázquez (1) Vladimir Guerrero. (1) WAR (1) Wade Davis (1) Wade LeBlanc (1) Wade Miley (1) Walter Haas (1) Walter O'Malley (1) Wandy Rodriguez (1) Warren Giles League (1) Washington Mystics (1) Washington Natinals (1) Washington Redskins (1) Washington Senators (1) Watford (1) Wellington Castillo (1) West Ham United (1) Will Myers (1) Wilmer Flores (1) Wily Peralta (1) Wins Above Replacement (1) Wisconsin Badgers (1) Yadier Molina (1) Yan Gomes (1) Yankee Stadium (1) Yuli Gurriel (1) Zach Britton (1) Zach Parise (1) Zack Cozart (1) baseball (1) baseball continental traveling championship (1) baseball traveling championship (1) college football (1) college football national traveling championship (1) continental traveling hockey championship (1) drug testing (1) eastern hockey traveling championship (1) hockey traveling championship (1) pro basketbal traveling championship (1) pro basketball Ear of Corn (1) realignment (1) steven Souza (1) test (1) traveling championship (1) western basketball traveling championship (1) western hockey traveling championship (1) western pro hockey traveling championship (1) women's pro basketball First Division (1)
Bill Peterson is an award winning journalist who has covered sports around the country for more than 30 years, including Major League Baseball, the National Football League, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League and major collegiate sports for daily newspapers and major wire services. His longest stint was with The Cincinnati Post from 1986-1998. He also has worked at the Minneapolis Star-Tribune and the Miami Herald. His work has appeared in The Washington Post, The Sporting News and Baseball America, among other publications. He later produced successful public interest newspapers and websites in the Austin/San Antonio area. Peterson is a lifetime member of the Baseball Writers Association of America, formerly with a vote for the Hall of Fame. He can be contacted by email at bill@labigleagues.com.
Blog Archive Sep 27 (1) Sep 26 (1) Sep 29 (3) Jun 27 (2) Jun 10 (1) Jun 07 (1) Jun 06 (2) Jun 05 (1) Jun 04 (1) Jun 03 (2) Jun 01 (2) May 30 (2) May 29 (2) May 27 (2) May 25 (1) May 23 (1) May 22 (2) May 20 (4) May 19 (1) May 04 (1) May 03 (4) Apr 06 (2) Apr 05 (5) Apr 04 (5) Apr 03 (2) Apr 01 (1) Mar 31 (1) Mar 29 (4) Mar 27 (6) Mar 26 (1) Mar 22 (8) Mar 13 (4) Mar 12 (4) Mar 03 (1) Sep 13 (1) Sep 04 (1) Aug 17 (2) Aug 16 (1) Jun 22 (5) Jun 06 (4) Apr 14 (2) Apr 13 (2) Apr 08 (1) Sep 15 (2) Aug 29 (2) Aug 28 (1) Aug 25 (2) Aug 22 (1) Aug 21 (2) Aug 19 (1) Aug 18 (3) Aug 13 (3) Aug 12 (2) Aug 10 (2) Aug 04 (1) Aug 03 (2) Aug 01 (4) Jul 31 (1) Jul 20 (1) Jul 17 (1) Jul 08 (1) Jul 07 (2) Jul 01 (1) Jun 26 (2) Jun 25 (1) Jun 21 (3) Jun 19 (1) Jun 18 (2) Jun 17 (1) Jun 16 (1) Jun 15 (1) Jun 08 (1) Jun 07 (2) Jun 04 (1) Jun 03 (1) Jun 02 (1) May 31 (2) May 29 (3) May 28 (1) May 26 (1) May 23 (2) May 21 (20) May 15 (3) May 13 (2) May 12 (1) May 05 (12) May 02 (1) May 01 (2) Apr 27 (3) Apr 23 (4) Apr 22 (4) Apr 21 (3) Apr 20 (3) Apr 19 (3) Apr 13 (3) Apr 12 (3) Apr 10 (7) Apr 09 (2) Apr 02 (1) Apr 01 (1) Oct 21 (2) Sep 30 (2) Sep 24 (1) Sep 18 (1) Sep 16 (1) Sep 15 (1) Sep 02 (1) Aug 23 (1) Aug 20 (1) Aug 12 (1) Aug 07 (1) Aug 06 (1) Aug 05 (1) Aug 04 (1) Aug 01 (1) Jul 31 (1) Jul 23 (1) Jun 13 (1) Jun 11 (1) Jun 08 (1) May 28 (1) May 06 (2) May 05 (2) Mar 31 (3) Feb 10 (1) Jan 23 (1) Jan 08 (1) Dec 02 (1) Oct 14 (1) Oct 13 (2) Oct 12 (2) Oct 11 (1) Oct 09 (2) Oct 07 (4) Oct 05 (2) Oct 03 (1) Sep 29 (1) Sep 24 (1) Sep 23 (1) Aug 21 (1) Aug 19 (1) Aug 16 (1) Aug 15 (1) Aug 14 (1) Aug 13 (1) Aug 01 (1) Jul 29 (1) Jul 09 (1) Jul 01 (1) Jun 26 (1) Jun 25 (1) Jun 24 (1) Jun 21 (1) Jun 19 (1) Jun 18 (1) Jun 17 (1) Jun 10 (1) Jun 05 (1) May 26 (1) May 25 (2) May 23 (1) May 22 (1) May 20 (2) May 19 (2) May 18 (2) May 15 (1) May 14 (2) May 13 (1) May 12 (1) May 11 (1) May 09 (3) May 06 (1) Apr 23 (1) Apr 05 (1) Apr 03 (1) Apr 02 (1) Jan 05 (1) Dec 02 (1) Oct 06 (1) Oct 03 (1) Oct 02 (1) Oct 01 (1) Sep 21 (1) Sep 18 (1) Sep 17 (1) Sep 16 (1) Sep 15 (1) Aug 29 (1) Aug 24 (1) Aug 20 (1) Jul 30 (1) Jul 25 (1) Jul 10 (2) Jul 06 (1) Jul 03 (1) Jul 02 (1) Jun 29 (1) Jun 28 (1) Jun 27 (1) Jun 14 (1) Jun 13 (1) Jun 12 (1) Jun 11 (1) Jun 08 (1) Jun 06 (1) Jun 04 (1) Jun 01 (1) May 31 (1) May 30 (1) May 29 (2) May 28 (1) May 24 (1) May 21 (1) May 18 (1) May 16 (1) May 15 (1) May 10 (1) May 09 (1) May 08 (1) May 07 (1) Apr 27 (1) Apr 17 (1) Apr 09 (1) Apr 05 (2) Feb 13 (2) Jan 27 (1) Jan 25 (1) Mar 29 (1)
You can download any of our CD tracks by using the links below. Please note that to get tracks in the highest available quality (FLAC format, i.e. CD quality) you should use the CD Baby links.
You can also download - for free - our recording with The Priests of Ut Omnes Unum Sint, composed and conducted by Sir James MacMillan.
This charming 14k yellow gold chain can be warn on its own or have a medal, cross or charm added to personalize it. Made in Italy.
All prices are in Canadian dollars. 14k orthodox cross made in Italy. Chain not included. Length: 32mm* Width: 13mm* *all measurements are approximations.
All prices are in Canadian dollars. These 14k Italian made earrings would make a great gift for any woman of any age. The flower has a dark red stone and a lever back closure that makes it easy to put on. Flower diameter: 9mm* Length of earring: 14mm* *all measurements are approximations.
All prices are in Canadian dollars. 14k solid gold bracelet made in Italy. Length: 7.25 inches* Width: 3mm* *all measurements are approximations.
All prices are in Canadian dollars. This charming 7.5 inch* sterling silver bracelet was made in Italy. It has 3 sterling silver red infinity symbols. The bracelet can also be worn anywhere from 7 inches* to 7.5 inches* Length of Bracelet: 7.5 inches* Length of Infinity Symbol: 17mm* Width of Infinity Symbol: 6mm * *all measurements are approximations.
The lives of the Trotter family are changed forever when ex-con Freddie Robdal reappears. Contains some strong language.
The lives of the Trotter family are changed forever when ex-con Freddie Robdal reappears. Contains some strong language. Also in HD.
If the form doesn't appear, don't forget to authenticate you (login) or create your own identifiers (register).
So everyone will have heard of Dracula right? Whether it is from the many many films out there or from reading books. I am incredibly lucky to live in such a history rich area of the United Kingdom – North Yorkshire; this is not just where Captain James Cook grew up (his family home is actually down the street from me, or should I say was as it was moved brick by brick to Melbourne in Australia) but where Dracula is said to have shipwrecked on the cliffs in Whitby in Bram Stoker’s book Dracula. I have spent many days in Whitby as it is barely half an hour drive from me (we live in the moors so things relatively close still take some driving too) and also happens to be where I fell in love with 00Steve (on the miniature model of Captain Cook’s Endeavour – who knew we would end up living in the same village he did?) There are plenty of ghost stories in Whitby but I prefer the story of Dracula! Read more
I’m a newly ostomated (is that even a word?) punk rock mum and wife. I’m lewd, crewd, tattooed and prepared to take the taboo out of poo! Please follow me on my journey back to health from the clutches of the dreaded Ulcerative Colitis! Being a wife, a mum of two and day to day life with an ileostomy
St. Charles Borromeo, the leading figure in the preparation of the first text of the CATECHISM OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH, in 1566, after the Council of Trent (1545-1563)
In this week’s Catholic Herald we have a full report on our interview with Bishop Kieran Conry following his resignation.
UKIP MEP Margot Parkers tells Mary O’Regan about the party’s strong Catholic contingent, Fr Mark Drew reveals what Francis is really up to at the Vatican and Patrick West explains why the standards of the Middle Ages make us look uncivilised.
In May 2010, Bishop John Arnold told Luke Coppen that his path to the priesthood wasn’t nearly as straightforward as it seems
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By clicking 'Accept' you agree to this use of data. Accept Read More
Best Blades To Get For Your Kitchen is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Height Of Kitchen Cabinet Doors is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Under Kitchen Cabinet Storage Ideas is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
8 --' lI(f t:"....- .....1 -:]L 1. r -- f ,. -,.-." \ ;/ ': ::--&. <<If .;.. .#iÍ: .., - " I ANCIE' f .. " , '""" 1- . , !-1 ( \ '" fffJ , ,I Ij=- "'"l @ f<- t --"'! ' " iL tt 'II ,-" I < .",.. ... .: t '\ . \ ... """" ",,' h - on, '.....: 1 ',- << 'Y" '/I ........... "'"1 #" ,. , " I I At Ease Leisurely country weekends offer the sportsman a refresh- ing change from the city's fast pace. A&F is famous for all that goes with informalliving-cas- ual clothes, outdoor acces ories, the finest of ports equipment. Loden Cloth Topcoat. A 50ft, bulk- less fabric wIth a remarkable ada pt- ability to many kinds of weather. Balmacaan model in navy, gray, or brown. . .. 90..00 Christy Casual Hat. Made of soft, light felt from England . . . great for country strolling or driving. Out- door shades of snipe gray medium gray, woodcock brown or willow green. . . .. . 14.50 JlBERCROMBIE & FITCH 360 MADISON AVENUE NEW YORK CHICAGO A '1 FRANCI CO PAL"\1 BEACH "--- -y GOINGS ON AßOUT TOWN httle buttercup, is hOl11e from London full of the will to live happIly e\. er after and'to sing aþo t it, forte; FeJicia Sanders. in every nnglng sense of the \\ ord a dral11atic S0- pr?-no, is fortissI111o. They're supported by J\Itlt Kan1en, one of the fe\\ Presidential candidates \\ ho \\. rite their O\i\n speeches ond jokes; Tiger Haynes and his Three Flal11es, n1akers of lllusic for your VV' alpurgis Night out; and Tinl111ie Daniels, a tenor and the kee}Jer of the inn. (losed vlondavs.. CHÂTEAU MADRID, 42 \V. 58th St CPL 3- 773):. In the tiny .alcove off the bar, Span- Ish guItar and VOIce of heartbreaking in- tensity; onstage in the nlain room, a very bus:y sho\\ of hand recruited entirelv frOln the Latin qual ters of the world On Thur - da '. March 17, d SOll1e\\' hat less populous edItIon of Los Chavale de Españd, a nOlnadic group of n1usicians and nlultilingual choris- ters, joins up The main room lets the house guests prance, too, and they can put to :;halne 111<;tny a pro Sundays, the only activity IS d IllatInee tea trot MOSTLY FOR MUSIC ( X 0 dancing, unless noted ) EDDIE CONDON'S, 330 E 56th St. (PL 5-9550): Buck Clayton Cutty Cutshall, Gene Schroe- der. Herb Hall, Mousie A.1eÀander, Leonard Ga kin, and (if the spirit nloves) Ml Condon hinlself vvork up strong south wind . Bob Corwin gets the use of the piano when- e\'er these bandsnlen cool their heels The racket is a rel1lembrance of a tentps not entirely perdu Closed Sundays ... VILLAGE VANGUARD, 178 Seventh Ave. S. at 11th St (CH 2-Y355): Miridm Makeba. a real Inside African \\'ho sings Zulu and English jazz Vv ith a sort of stately abandon, and Irwin Corey, v\. hose hour-long causeries are a thor- oughly indi\ idual form of Jazz then1selves sign off on Sunday, March 13. On Tuesday: March 15,. Ì\I ina Sinlone, a torn1ented singer, and the J 111l1ny J one threesome will come aboard, as \\ill Ton1 O'Horgan, a tongue- in-cheek vvit and the operator of a harp that acts as a running hot and cool con1111entary on his songs. On Friday, March [8, there'll be another arrival' Don \bney's brisk trio Thereafter, the Jones boys will work Tues- day through Thur day, the A.bneys the rest of the \veek. The others are on full tin1e. Sundays, a four-thirt) Illatinee as well as an evening session is part of the curriculum. Closed Mondays. . ROUNDTABLE, 151 E. 50th St. (PL 8-0310): A I1luseUln largely de- voted to it-was-only-ye terday artifacts. Ex- cavations in South Chicago have now brought to light Georg Brunis, still a pecialist in the tron1bone and the d01lse du 7.Jentre, as \vell as a corps of capable aides The qUdrtet of Cy Colelnan, who' not sure what period of history his J aLz 110\:1,7 represents, takes leave on Saturday, March 12; on Monday, March 14, Tyree Glenn's quartet comes back hon1e to play possun1 during the early eve- ning and hob later on Closed Sundays ... {J Aloft, in the King \rthur ROOln, J 0 Jones, A.I Lucas, and a neW<LOn1er, George \Vyands (.on piano) are doing S01ne of the nlost cheerful mu ic of the season. for their own amuselllent and for JÍ111mý Rushing, an only - yesterday shoutIng- fron1-the- housetops singer. In between, Chuck \Vayne and Ernie Furtado tread ever so lightly on guitar and bass. Closed Sundays. . . . JIMMY RYAN'S, 53 \V. 5 2nd St. (JU 6-9800): Life on the Mi sissippi \:vhen Dixie was a pup, and a mischie- \,OUS one The narration is perforlned by \Vil- bur and Sidney de Paris, \Vilber Kirk, and Garvin Bushell. Don Frye is the intenl1is- sion pianist J am sessions Monday nights. Closed Sundays. BASIN STREET EAST, 137 E. 48th St. (EL 5-4330): Evervthing come<=: to him who waits here, and now (under the bandstand's sheltering paln1 trees) there's Peggy Lee, who doesn't ing very often in this city, as well as Neal Hefti's meticulously arranged big band and Ray Bryant's unobtrusively progressive trio. Closed Sundays.... HICKORY HOUSE, 144 \V 5 2n d St (CI 7-9524): Whether it's Jazz or whether it's Pelléas wandering hand in hand with Melisande, the l1lusic accon1plished by Dwike Mitchell and \Villie Ruff is some- thing to think about. Their ivory tower is the inside of the oval bar, which they occupy around ten o'clock They depart on Sunday, lVlarch 13, on Tuesday, l\ldrch [5, Jack Kelly's trio take over. X 0 action ::Ylondavs .. NICK'S, Se\,enth A.ve. S at loth St (éH 2-6683): Billy MaÀted' band is in the groo\'e that wa<=: cut across the Hoor Illany, many years ago J am ses ions on Sunday afternoons; clo"ed J\10nda)s.. . METROPOLE, Se\ enth \ ve at 48th St (CI 5-0088). A. pocket edition of A.rlnageddon The Inati- nees are run by the trios of Tony Parenti and J ohnn) Letman, the soirées by Red l\.llen's sextet (off Ionday <;) and the fivesOllle of Dizzy Gillespie, fountainhead of \visdOlll, "v it, and vVeltpolitih, plus Sol Y dged's quintet (both of then1 off Tuesdays). On Monday and Tuesday evenings, Conrad Janis and his Tail- gaters help out. The ro\\' begins at 3 P. \1:. lVlondays thlough Fridays, and ends at 3 A.M. On SdturddYs and Sundays, it begins at 1 :30 P.I\L .. (jJ The upstairs captain' walk is occupied on Fridays and Saturdays by the Gillespies and a group of j esters in the care of Chubby Jackson.... THE EMBERS, 161 E 54th St (PL 9-3228): The trio of Dorothy Donegan, who is likely to give her piano a hard time, is ranting at length in this cele- brated chophouse Ruby Braff, young man \:vith a horn, is in charge of a new foursome that includes Ellis Larkins on piano. Sun- days are dedicated to visiting minstrels. . . . HALF NOTE, 289 Hudson St., near Spring St. (AL 5-9752). Lennie Tristano is the Inajor n10ti\ation of the abstruse quintet on the ridge in the Iniddle of this nlodest pizza dispensar), and on the whole that's a satisfactory arrangen1ent. Closed Mon- days. .. BIRDLAND, 167R Broad\vay, at 52nd St (JlT 6-7333). An underground river that aln10st visibly tean1S a it races along On the banks are perched Count Basie and his doughty men-at-arn1s, all in an upbeat state of n1Ïnd, not to n1ention the trio of Bill Evans, a pianist \\ho Illay be of con- siderable il1lportance to the cause of progre s. JOe \V illianls, Vv hose songs deal n1ainly with Blue Mondays, provides a stentorian obbli- gato to the Basie band. Janl sessions Mondays by earnest guest strivers. . . . VILLAGE GATE, 18 5 Thompson St., at Bleecker St. (GR 5-5 12 0): Onstage in the world's biggest beer hall are the Belafonte Folk Singers (Mr B exerts only absentee 0\\ nership), Ì\\elve brave and barrel-chested boys \\ho sing vvith all of their n1aster's bel canto and none of his Perry Como. Ten o'clock is the starting tÜlle Jazz ses- sions :Ylondays . . . TARTAN, [4h E. 46th St. (OX 7-7888): Don Shirley, who tOr SOlne years ha hesitated beh\, een n10dern jazz and nlodern chal1lber nlusic, has plulnped for the econd of these contiguous arts, and is devoting the technical brilliance of his pidno-abetted hy an1ple helpings of bass, by Ken Fricker. and cello by Juri Taht- to the production of one ardent sinfonietta af ter another The fi rst begins at eleven ::Ylondays are soundless.. ARPEGGIO, 144 E. 5 2n d St. (PL [-007'7): Ernestine A.nder- <;on girl spitfire, is applying son1e stand- ard \\ restling holds to her pet lyrics, and a quartet of n1usicians is led by Harry Edi- son, whose horn sounds tired f it all. There is also London's lVlonty Babson, one further proof that nearly every tenor IS trying to get into Sinatra's act. Closed Sundays.... CENTRAL PLAZA. 1 I J Second A.. ve., at 6th St. (.'\L 4-Q800): A. weekend craIn schoo] spe- cializing in ancient history The crop of lecturers expected on Fridav and Saturdav , lVlarch 11-12, includes COl1rad Janis and his Tailgaters, Tony Parenti, Pee Wee Erwin Gene Sedric, Dick \Vellstood, J ohnny Let man, Herb Fleming, and Panalna Frclncis ... FIVE SPOT, 5 Cooper Sq (GR 7-9650): Jack Kerouac slept here, but fitfully, at best. Kenny Dorhanl's quintet, \vhich is on \vith the ne\\, is the reason for staying \vide-awake. Roy Haynes' trio IS also present. The H 's are off Mondays, the D 's are off Tuesdays . . . JAZZ GALLERY, 80 St. l\Iarks PI west of First A.ve. (GR 7-9765): Anothe part of the forest prinleval Here, too, the tribal ntes are up-to-the-n1Ïnute Horace Silver's quintet ll1akes n1t1sic that is frequently accompanied hy a giant econon1y-size tic. Mose Allison's trio has a nlore hopeful attitude Closed Mon- days. . . . SHOWPLACE, 146 \V 4th St. (AL 4- 5648): In a setting that is laissez-faire Greenwich Village, the accOluplished Charlie fingus and his closest friends pursue their favorite ll1uses through an an1azing tangle-
is a data and knowledge base of historic and current artist-led spaces that anyone can contribute to. It is an attempt to map the trajectories of these often transient spatial interactions with their vital contribution to contemporary culture and the urban experience, as well as to preserve knowledge on initiating and maintaining such projects – and make it accessible for everyone.
Initiated by Michael Heilgemeir as a companion to the publication 'The Nomadic Studio – Art, Life and the Colonisation of Meanwhile Space' it is developed in collaboration with and realised by Mo Hoffmann Studios, and contributing editor Alastair Frazer.
If you would like to contribute and add a project to 'Archives of the Artist-led' you can create a new account in the menu on the right or log in with a google account. For further information please contact us at info@thenomadicstudio.net
&model is a curatorial project established in 2012 by James Chinneck, Chris Bloor and Derek Horton. We have run a continuous exhibition programme (from January 2013 onwards) sometimes working alongside guest curators and showing a diverse range of international artists. We are continuing to use our three-floor 19th century building in central Leeds to develop projects and events that bring contemporary artists and others to work alongside some of the city’s emerging practitioners. Occasional artist residencies complement our exhibition programme. Use of the building is enabled by the Leeds charity RTTA (Regeneration Through The Arts). All our projects, so far involving well over 200 artists are documented in the archive section of our website - http://www.andmodel.com/archive.htm
&Model is located in a three-storey early-19th century building in central Leeds. Originally built as a town house it has had a variety of commercial usage for most of its lifetime before we took it over and converted it into a gallery space across all three floors in 2012, opening in January 2013.
The NewBridge Project supports artists to investigate and challenge the boundaries of contemporary art practice.
The NewBridge Project is an artist-led community comprising of over 80 artist studios, an exhibition space and book shop based in a 29,000sqft former office block in Newcastle city centre.
The NewBridge Project was established in 2010 to provide exchange and support in an engaged and discursive community of artists. The shared workspace is a critical and collaborative environment that allows artists to discuss and develop new ideas and projects.
The NewBridge Project Space provides artists with the opportunity to exhibit in a supportive space that promotes an experimental and critical approach to practice. The exhibition space is dedicated to exploring new and diverse contemporary art practice through a programme of regular exhibitions, screenings and events, supported by responsive talks, publications and broadcasts.
A Small View is a small, independent, artist-led exhibition space based in the heart of Liverpool. Open since April 2015, the space has collaborated with a number of international and local artists, exhibiting diverse works that reflect the multifaceted nature of contemporary art practice. Managed by Benjamin Davies and Kelly Hayes, A Small View aims to experiment and facilitate new collaborations within the city of Liverpool.
Kingsgate Workshops is a multi-use art space housed within a labyrinthine Victorian factory, providing affordable workspace for an exciting mix of artists, makers and designers.
Kingsgate Workshops’ Public Programme encourages experimentation, production and critical discourse. We support a crossover between disciplines, an exchange of skills and the development of critical and timely conversations about process, image making and object making. Our Project Space aims to profile a diverse range of contemporary national and international artists with a focus on emerging talent.
The Public Programme is generously supported by Arts Council England. As part of the programme, artists are provided with a free studio space for six months, a small stipend and professional support in creating a new body of work for exhibition at Kingsgate Project Space.
Kingsgate Workshops is a converted 19th century warehouse providing studio and workshop space for over 50 artists and crafts people. Located in West Hampstead and close to Kilburn High Road, it was first built by John Allen and Sons as their builders workshops, with a saw mill to produce the large number of doors and windows they needed to construct many of the surrounding streets.
After John Allen and Sons, the building became a furniture depository, and then was used as a sheet metal folding factory and various other businesses until it became derelict and empty. In 1978, a small group of local people put forward a scheme to Camden Council to stop it being demolished and give it a new lease of life as an artist’s studio complex.
Hickster Projects is a small experimental platform set up by Sue Kennington, It takes place in a remote space near Siena , Italy - where there is a growing audience of international art collectors, who would be unlikely to visit shows on the periphery of western urban centres and thus to showcase some of this exciting emerging artistic talent to a new and international audience. After showcasing the work at Hickster Projects, in the summer, the show then hopes to migrate to an urban ‘base’ – and find another audience.
“On the hill opposite are some great stone quarries. It is as though something tore the hill open and said “Here, you shall see not only smooth but the hard strong stuff that is inside too”’ Olive Schreiner
Haarlem Artspace is a multi functional artist-led space whose aim is to encourage practice and research into contemporary art created in a rural environment.
It offers dedicated studios for artists and writers in the inspiring and historic Grade II* listed Haarlem Mill building, situated in the town of Wirksworth, Derbyshire. There will also be flexible public spaces that will present an engaging and ambitious program of events and activities relating to landscape, the environment and ecology.
We’re looking for ambitious artists and writers, to further and develop their practices at Haarlem. They will be invited to participate in a program of exhibitions and events, which will explore and develop links with the Wirksworth Festival and the wider creative community. We will develop commissions, events, and a residency program, which will have on-going links with other studio groups, both national and international.Artists will be supported in the development of new work via a group critique program, optional tutoring, funding advice and support, alongside online representation.
Studio spaces are by application. To apply submit an expression of interest outlining why you’d like a space at Haarlem and how you would use it, include an artist statement, images and supporting links to: studios@haarlemartspace.co.uk
The Peak District is an area of outstanding natural beauty in the heart of England, and North Derbyshire. The Haarlem Mill building was the first ever coal powered mill significant in the Industrial revolution. Historic literary links include George Elliot, D.H.Lawrence, Daniel Defoe, Olive Schreiner, Eleanor Marx, and Friedrich Engels. Wirksworth is the setting for George Elliots fictional ‘Mill on the Floss’. Being restored to English Heritage standards, Haarlem Mill is a beautiful and inspiring place to work and develop artistic ideas
Haarlem Mill, on the River Ecclesbourne in Wirksworth, Derbyshire, was an early cotton mill. Built by Richard Arkwright, it was the first cotton mill in the world to use a steam engine, to supplement the supply of water to the mill's water wheel.
The novelist George Eliot, is said to have based the characters Adam Bede and Dinah Morris in her novel 'Adam Bede' on her uncle, the Haarlem Mill manager, and his wife, and to have used Haarlem Mill as the inspiration for the mill in 'The Mill on the Floss'.
The site of the mill, including an older corn mill, was leased by Arkwright in 1777. Construction of the mill building in brick and stone was completed by June 1780,
operational at this date. After initially investigating the purchase of a steam engine from the Birmingham firm of Boulton and Watt, Arkwright installed a reciprocating steam engine, probably manufactured by Francis Thompson of Ashover, to supplement the occasionally inadequate water supply.
By 1789 the mill was employing almost 200 people, but it was sold by Arkwright three years later. The base of the original building survives, but the upper three floors have since been rebuilt. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haarlem_Mill
Haarlem Mill was set up as Artists Studio's in 2015 for opening spring 2016, by Artists Geoff Diego Litherland, Olivia Punnett, and Bev Shephard, Finance Director.
We’re looking for ambitious artists and writers at varying stages in their careers, to further and develop their practices at Haarlem. They will be invited to participate in a program of exhibitions and events, which will explore and develop links with the Wirksworth Festival and the wider creative community. We hope to secure funding which will allow us to develop commissions, events, and a residency program, which will have on-going links with other studio groups, both national and international. Artists will be supported in the development of new work via a group critique program, optional tutoring, funding advice and support, alongside online representation. Studio spaces are by application. To apply submit an expression of interest outlining why you’d like a space at Haarlem and how you would use it, include an artist statement, images and supporting links to: studios@haarlemartspace.co.uk
Founded in 1998, Five Years' initial aim was to set up a gallery which was artist-run and where programming would maintain a direct relationship to practice. Five Years continues to develop this aim of maintaining close links between the production and exhibition of visual art, and the discourse which informs it. In February 2007 the membership was expanded to form a loose knit collective of artists.
Rather than acting as a 'curatorial' entity, the group's members continue to develop exhibition projects based around concerns emerging from their own practices; offering these projects as frameworks within which other artists can, through participation, respond to or engage in dialogue around the concerns being discussed by the group. Through these processes, Five Years aims to create a context which fosters productive dialogue between artists and the exposure of ambitious new work.
Such a problem became one of identification. How do we, participants in Five Years, define ourselves in relation to the space and project? How do we identify ourselves to be seen in relation to the expert discourse of the market?
The project must display within its protocol,to being named and identified in this process, to submit (even if marginally) to its form of management.
As a collection of fragments, then, Five Years approaches its own arrangement as a collection that foregrounds the justice of exteriority, a refusal of synthesis through selection, a justice of “arrangement at the level of disarray.”
A gallery in pieces (a collection of pieces, a collective based on the fragment), the inclusion in the space shows not one distilled collective concern, but a concern for collective equivocity. Such a term does not call towards ambivalence or ambiguity. Instead it points towards equal voices, towards the struggle that equality demands.
To place voices in equal is to experience not harmonic synthesis (achieved through the sublime violence of sublation) but the constancy of struggle, of the discordance of discourse among equals.
The collective whole or work of Five Years, then, is the work of the empty place around which a garland of fragments operate. As fragments (each practice a fragment) each practice is that of the ‘complete’ individual – the hedgehog or porcupine principle whereby the fragment individuates completely – but these complete parts converge as on a garland. The string upon which these fragments are strung, Five Years, encircles an ‘empty place’ as the site of incompletion, of the refusal of completion through synthesis. Here the possible activity of dissensus rather than consensus can take place, if one is brave enough.
A fleeting proposition from us: Romantic Bureaucracy is put forward, is put on hold. (To think a bureaucracy in terms of Romanticism put forward by Blanchot would be to think about an instrumentalisation of a movement that necessarily composes and decomposes, that comes together to fall apart.
So. Not Romantic Bureaucracy, then. That is happening already as an artist run space- exhibition-event form, that persistently un-works itself, refuses coherence. To borrow again from Blanchot, we perhaps have here the work of un-working.
To end for now with a question: we might ask, paradoxically, what is lacking in the fragment? Both nothing and everything – it is both irresolutely complete and incomplete. Instead we might ask how one moves from the open field of the social to the abrupt violent gesture that fragments, that causes the fracture of the fragment.
Five Years started in 40 Underwoord st, the site was an old Victorian Soap Factory. For its new location in 66 Andrews Road, we found an industrial building initially used for working only spaces.
David Dale Gallery and Studios is a non-profit contemporary art space based in the east end of Glasgow.
Established in 2009, David Dale Gallery and Studios promotes pioneering contemporary visual art through the commissioning and year round programming of new work and projects by early career international and UK based artists. Maintaining a commitment to providing opportunities and supporting the development of artists, curators and writers, David Dale Gallery and Studios intend to encourage professional development, education and community participation whilst delivering our core aim of presenting outstanding contemporary visual art. Additionally, the organisation operates an affordable artist studios facility, for the production and development of new work by emerging artists.
Established in 1995, Rogue is a not-for-profit artists studios providing members with accessible and affordable workspace in Manchester city centre. A five minute walk from Piccadilly Station, Rogue is now the largest independent studio group in the North West with ninety seven artists working in 30,000 square feet of space over three floors of Chapeltown Mill. Members range from recent graduates to established practitioners working in a wide range of disciplines and media; including drawing, film and video, illustration, installation, interactive art, painting, performance, photography, printmaking, sculpture, and textiles.
Once a year, Rogue opens its doors to the public in its Open Studios event inviting fellow artists, curators and the general public to access all areas of the studios while affording members an opportunity to exhibit and offer work for sale. This years Rogue Open Studios will take place over the weekend of 23rd - 25th October 2015.
Rogue also runs a programme of events in the Project Space, which is used primarily for temporary exhibitions, residency and exchange projects and one-off events. Rogue's new Project Space is on the 1st floor of the studios. A new curatorial team for the Project Space will be announced in 2016.
ceramics, combined/multi-purpose, library/reading-room, multi-media suite, photo studio, printing, recording studio, video editing suite, wood, other
After getting skunked throughout September with three really high cancel machi numbers, I finally got
Since I am not going to be able to see Mingaru’s next two ‘One-Man Live’ events due to schedule conflict, i wanted to catch them at some of the free lives they will surely be doing since they announced the upcoming release of their second single. Minyo Girls, along with Wasamin and Hayabusa played at this event last year, but it was not a Summer event. It was in November. No matter, it’s a fun little festival across the street from Hamamatsucho station. My original plan was to get there a little early, have a beer at Devilcraft, go to the event, and then meet my friend for dinner afterwards. That plan got nixed when I dozed off in the mid-afternoon. I ended up having to rush out the door to hopefully not miss the event.
As I approached the square the MC was still talking. Great! I didn’t miss anything. There was plenty of room in front of the stage, so I grabbed a spot on the left side. Most of the people there were merely socializing, eating, drinking, and only mildly interested in the entertainment. However, the Minyos do have a way to grab people’s attention due to their unique style, costumes, and of course their age. As they took the stage I noticed there were only seven members. Hmmm, they had posted on Twitter that eight members would be there. Who was missing? I saw Miyabi, Ramukyun…Yuua??? It turned out Yuua got sick in school earlier in the day, and had to miss the performance. She is posting today though, and says she feels better.
They performed at short three-song set, which included their first single, and as promised, the debut of their upcoming single “Mirai.” The song is somewhat similar to their first single, and sounds like it might be catchy, but frankly it seemed like a debut performance in that it was a bit messy. We will see how they iron out the kinks going forward. Yuua usually acts as one of the center, solo performers, so her last-minute cancellation may have had something to do with it as well. But that wasn’t all the ‘fun’ going on during the show…
While I was watching the show I noticed security seemed to be watching someone. I had one of the guards standing right in front of me with this angry scowl on his face. It didn’t take me long to figure out who they were chasing, some eccentric dude with a huge backpack to seemed to be muttering to himself and acting randomly in general. Eventually he took off toward the food area, and security seemed to follow him. I figured that would be the last time I would see him. That wasn’t the case. As Minyo Girls were starting their 2-shot benefits for fans, the guards chased the guy down right in front of the girls, trying to get him to leave the premises. He was screaming, ranting, and raving. The girls didn’t know what to do, so they kinda backed up. Eventually event staff came over and asked security to move the guy away from the group. However, they didn’t seem to want to touch the guy, and every time they tried to force him to move away he would spin around, and basically act like a jerk. This went on for a good five minutes, but eventually the guy disappeared.
Anyway, back to the event. When the show ended I immediately went over to the booth and grabbed a pre-order form. As I was filling it out, I asked which shop was supporting this show, not realizing I knew the guy behind the table. The moment he said Asakusa, I was like “Oh, it’s you!” It was the staff from Yoro-do, where Wasamin performs regularly. I pre-ordered two CDs, which was my original plan. However, I had always said that if one of my favorite members was out, I would use that event to do a 2-shot with Ramukyun. With Yuua out sick, this would have been a perfect opportunity, but I decided to stick with the original plan and just do a group 2-shot. In the meantime both Rina and Matsuri came over, said hello, and thanked me for coming.
The incident with the crazy guy happened as I was stand in line, but eventually it was my turn. It was dark, and beginning to drizzle, so I hoped the photo would come out okay. As I knelt down I chanted “Mirai” and put out the peace symbols, and again Miyabi “attached” her peace symbol to me. The photo didn’t come out too badly, but a short time later they brought out some lighting to help with the photos. Maybe I should’ve asked for a re-do?
Anyway, I was done. I wasn’t going to buy any more CDs, so I went and had that beer I had promised myself, and then had a late dinner at a local izakaya. I have no concerts or events to attend this weekend, so I am ending my 5-week vacation on a quiet note. Monday will be quite the day, as I am beginning my next level Japanese class, and then running off to see Wasamin in her new play.
Mary’s obedience flows from her faith. It is not a consequence of “what she knows,” but rather of the certainty of her faith. She is not obedient because she knows God’s plan ahead of time. She obeys because she trusts, she confides and she hands herself over to the Son. Her main support is her faith. This would not be the case except for a certain obscurity of knowledge which is inherent to us all.
The mystery to which the believer hands himself over is only illuminated when one enters into it; and one can only enter into it – as we have seen in Jesus – through the door of obedience. Faith gives rise to the desire to penetrate the mystery.
Obedience permits the mystery to occur, to be made manifest, to come to Light, be- fore our very eyes. Luke admirably shows us this process of faith-obedience-revelation in Mary when he presents her as “astonished” (2:48), “marveling” (2:33) or perplexed (2:50) in the face of what was happening to her, even allowing her to be reproached by her Son for her ignorance (Lk 2:49), but “guarding all these things in her heart” (2:19, 51).
The Province of Meribah strives to discern and respond to the needs of the Church today. We see the Catholic school as the center of apostolic activities, activities which make their effect felt far beyond the walls of the classroom. As a consequence of our profession of vows, we enter a new family, our religious community. In this religious community, we assume new relationships and responsibilities toward God, our Brothers in community, and the People of God. By our profession in the Society of Mary, we commit ourselves to grow in holiness and to bring all to Christ.
Our vocation is an infinite gift, offered to us by Jesus in the name of his Mother. As Marianists, we dedicate our lives to Mary. We are honored to follow her example of humble service and faithful discipleship in every aspect of our life.
The Province of Meribah welcomes young men who have graduated from high school to join them in their life of prayer, dedication to the common life, and mission of educating the young.
Operation Fiat is for young men considering a vocation to religious life. The evening includes Evening Prayer, dinner with the Community, and a short presentation.
The Fall Operation Fiat is on Wednesday, November 14th at the Kellenberg Memorial Community in Uniondale, New York. It begins at 6 pm in the Chapel of the Transfiguration.
The Spring Operation Fiat was held on Tuesday, April 17th at the Chaminade-Mineola Community at 6 pm in the Chapel of Our Lady's Assumption. Brother Lawrence shared his vocation over his years in religious life.
If you are interested in learning more about the Marianists, please contact Bro. Michael or Bro. Stephen.
This year our program took place from Tuesday, January 2 - Wednesday, January 3, 2018 at the MERIBAH RETREAT HOUSE
Abstract : Site of the State Revenue Service of Latvia providing a range of information concerning customs and taxes such as the Tax Administration Strategy of the State Revenue Service, its Customs Business Strategy, the history of the Customs operation in Latvia, among others. It also offers information on International Trade Agreements as well as on tax and customs laws and regulations.
In general, it is appropriate to treat a post-op TS in the same way as a natural-born woman of the same age group, in terms of routine health checks. Jessica said vaginoplasty surgery, pictured in diagram, has developed considerably over last decade. Some people experience orgasm within seveeral months to a year and a half. Swelling may be aggravated with long-term sitting or standing. A circular incision is made in the contour of the glans and the penile skin is detached along its entire length, allowing the externalization of the corpora cavernosa as the corpus spongiosum remains catheterized. You may be able to cooperate with several friends and purchase larger quantities, such as a full case at a substantial discount.
Well, it's not like nobody has ever thought of that. This is for me, not you. I couldn't even talk about it in terms like 'my penis'; it was 'that thing. Patients should be advised to douche with plain warm water or very dilute vinegar to remove the cream base, which is heavy and tends to remain in the vagina long after the oestrogen has been absorbed. The dilator must be inserted at the proper angle to avoid damaging the vaginal wall. The thumb of the glove becomes your condom, and the rest of the glove hangs free to cover all the other important stuff from your cock to your ass.
This must be addressed preoperatively to avoid inconvenience, both emotional and functional, in the postoperative period. Treatments should occur every weeks for about months prior to surgery. No major sensory nerves should have been divided during surgery, so sensitivity should not be adversely affected after vaginoplasty. You can contact her at brannock hotmail. I think I watched too much porn when I was younger or I stared up too many dresses of Barbies.
Psychiatric aspects of transsexual surgery management. The solution is that for 30 minutes, three times a day with a nine inch medical dilator, I would insert and apply pressure to prevent losing vaginal depth. I never felt like I had genitalia of my own before; the thing was just there, it didn't belong to me. The blood characteristically appears dark and old, and is not accompanied by clots. This will disappear quickly as your brain adjusts. When she's not writing, making videos, or taking selfies you can find her spending time with with her sisters or following up on the latest beauty trends. But it did and when I woke up, my eyes immediately filled up with tears.
shop piece outdoor wicker patio furniture set d free reviews resin canada,resin wicker patio set clearance furniture sets the home depot outdoor reviews white canada,outdoor wicker patio furniture replacement cushions resin lowes winter and categories backyard store,wicker patio furniture sets the home depot adorable rattan outdoor set sale canada resin reviews,wicker patio outdoor furniture reviews resin care,resin wicker patio set clearance outdoor sale furniture durability,wicker outdoor patio furniture sets resin canadian tire canada sale,great patio furniture outdoor wicker dining within brown set sale reviews replacement cushions,resin wicker outdoor furniture reviews patio care sets perfect replacement cushions,outdoor wicker patio furniture replacement cushions resin reviews chair luxury lowes.
A KSA, or "Understanding, Skills, and Abilities," is usually a series of narrative statements which have been required when applying to Federal govt work openings in the United States. KSAs are used along with resumes to find out who the most effective applicants are when a number of candidates qualify for just a work.
University college students, like these pupils carrying out research in a university library, are often assigned essays being a way to get them to research what they have got go through.
A photographic essay strives to cover a topic having a linked number of photos. Image essays range from purely photographic works to pictures with captions or small notes to full-text essays by using a number of or lots of accompanying photographs. Photo essays might be sequential in mother nature, meant to be viewed in a specific get — or They could encompass non-ordered photographs seen unexpectedly or in an order that the viewer chooses.
The third paragraph of the body really should include the weakest argument, weakest example, weakest illustration, or an noticeable comply with up to the second paragraph in the human body. The first sentence of the paragraph should really include the reverse hook which ties in Using the transitional hook at the conclusion of the second paragraph.
It's really a standout amongst by far the most vital parts of Just about every Affiliation and permits them to become even further with superior.
A classic structure for compositions will be the 5-paragraph essay. It is not the only structure for writing an essay, not surprisingly, but it's a handy product to suit your needs to remember, Primarily as you begin to produce your composition competencies.
College students are questioned to elucidate, comment on, or evaluate a topic of review in the shape of the essay. In a few programs, College students must complete a number of essays around many weeks or months. Moreover, in fields like the humanities and social sciences,[citation needed] mid-expression and end of time period examinations typically involve pupils to jot down a short essay in two or 3 several hours.
Every person in the class was astonished because of the Imaginative presentation and I had been staying praised so much by my professor. Sensation remarkably inspired Simply because of you guys who may have helped me to undoubtedly getting a HD for this last assignment.
Samantha New Zealand Perfectly carried out assignments Seriously grateful to you personally fellas, you were being the best workforce I have stumble upon till I've performed my masters. Tremendous rapid response, Through WhatsApp or e mail or chat, what ever System you're into.
Amylia Australia The presentation is admittedly Excellent. The presentation is basically Excellent. The graphics utilized and the general perform is extremely appreciable. I will certainly recommend you to each scholar who want an extremely Inventive piece of presentation at acceptable Expense.
As Together with the novel, essays existed in Japan a number of generations ahead of they designed in Europe having a style of essays called zuihitsu — loosely linked essays and fragmented ideas. Zuihitsu have existed since Just about the beginnings of Japanese literature. Many of the most famous early will work of Japanese literature are Within this style. Noteworthy illustrations incorporate The Pillow Book (c.
Classification would be the categorization of objects into a bigger whole even though division is definitely the breaking of a bigger entire into lesser parts.[seven]
We've tailored tutors who know their topics inside out. They can be apparent with their fundamentals and their remedies to the simplest of problems will amaze you. Whether it is circumstance scientific studies, useful difficulties or theoretical challenges, we at Assignment Help Tutors have your responses.
Its composition Usually builds close to introduction with a topic's relevance plus a thesis statement, human body paragraphs with arguments linking back again to the main thesis, and summary. On top of that, an argumentative essay may consist of a refutation section address where conflicting Thoughts are acknowledged, described, and criticized. Every argument of argumentative essay ought to be supported with ample proof, relevant to the point.
The Jurisdictional Politics of Israel/Palestine: The Case of Palestinian Workers in Israeli Settlements
Constitutional Case No. 4/2003: Decided by the Constitutional Division of the Supreme Court of the Republic of Yemen
Download writing in a milieu of utility the move to technical communication in american engineering programs 1850 1950 second edition attw contemporary studies in technical communication in pdf or read writing in a milieu of utility the move to technical communication in american engineering programs 1850 1950 second edition attw contemporary studies in technical communication in pdf online books in PDF, EPUB and Mobi Format. Click Download or Read Online button to get writing in a milieu of utility the move to technical communication in american engineering programs 1850 1950 second edition attw contemporary studies in technical communication in pdf book now. This site is like a library, Use search box in the widget to get ebook that you want.
This exciting new volume demonstrates how environmental rhetoric and technical communication go hand and hand.
This second edition of the classic linguistics text provides a basic descriptive terminology for prose style. What is a noun style? A verb style? A hypotactic or a paratactic one? How does the running style differ from the periodic style? What do "high, middle, and low" prose style mean? How might one apply the classical terminology of rhetorical figures to prose analysis? Analyzing Prose supplies detailed, carefully charted answers to these questions in order to teach the student of prose style how and where to begin.
Information technology has been used in organisational settings and for organisational purposes such as accounting, for a half century, but IT is now increasingly being used for the purposes of mediating and regulating complex activities in which multiple professional users are involved, such as in factories, hospitals, architectural offices, and so on. The economic importance of such coordination systems is enormous but their design often inadequate. The problem is that our understanding of the coordinative practices for which these systems are developed is deficient, leaving systems developers and software engineers to base their designs on commonsensical requirements analyses. The research reflected in this book addresses these very problems. It is a collection of articles which establish a conceptual foundation for the research area of Computer-Supported Cooperative Work.
Amsterdamse Bos, Bois de Boulogne, Epping Forest, Grunewald, Zoniënwoud; throughout history, cities in Europe and elsewhere have developed close relationships with nearby woodland areas. In some cases, cities have even developed – and in some cases are promoting – a distinct ‘forest identity’. This book introduces the rich heritage of these city forests as cultural landscapes, and shows that cities and forests can be mutually beneficial. Essential reading for students and researchers interested in urban sustainability and urban forestry, this book also has much wider appeal. For with city forests playing an increasingly important role in local government sustainability programs, it provides an important reference for those involved in urban planning and decision making, public affairs and administration, and even public health. From providers of livelihoods to healthy recreational environments, and from places of inspiration and learning to a source of conflict, the book presents examples of city forests from around the world. These cases clearly illustrate how the social and cultural development of towns and forests has often gone hand in hand. They also reveal how better understanding of city forests as distinct cultural and social phenomena can help to strengthen synergies both between cities and forests, and between urban society and nature.
Europe is the cradle of the modem international chemical industry. From the middle of the nineteenth century until the outbreak of World War I, the European chemical industry influenced not only the production and control of science and technology, but also made significant contributions towards economic development, as well as bringing about profound changes in working and living enviromnents. It is a highly complex heritage, both rich and threatening, that calls for close scrutinity. Fortunately, a unique opportunity to explore the historical development of the European chemical industry from a variety of novel standpoints, was made possible during 1993 as part of the European Science Foundation (ESF) programme called 'The Evolution of Chemistry in Europe, 1789-1939.' This process of exploration has taken place through three workshops, each dealing with different time periods. The workshop concerned with the period 1850-1914, which corresponds roughly to the so-called Second Industrial Revolution, was held in Maastricht, The Netherlands, on 23-25 March 1995. This volume is the outcome of that workshop. The other workshops dealing with European chemical industry were held in Liege in 1994, covering the First Industrial Revolution period, 1789-1850, and Strasbourg in 1996, covering the period between the two World Wars.
Writing, Medium, Machine: Modern Technographies is a collection of thirteen essays by leading scholars which explore the mutual determination of forms of writing and forms of technology in modern literature.
What happened to the urban spaces of everyday life when the Soviet Union collapsed? And how may this change be understood? Based on long-term qualitative fieldwork in post-Soviet Russia, this study draws upon time-geographic, social and semiotic theory to formulate a model of how urban space is formed. Mirrored through the case of Ligovo/Uritsk, a high-rise residential district situated on the outskirts of Sankt-Peterburg (St Petersburg), the changing relation between the lifeworlds of people and the system of governance is highlighted with regard to the transformation of Soviet and Russian society over the last decades. The empirical material presented here documents a number of processes within urban identity formation, spatial representations and local politics. The resulting findings add both empirically and theoretically to the knowledge of urban cultural geography in Russia -- a field of research that until recently was closed to Western researchers, and seems currently to be closing again.The book will be of interest to researchers with an interest in social, semiotic and geographic theory as well as to students and researchers of cultural and urban studies, urban life and Russian affairs. The study could be also helpful to professionals working in fields related to post-Soviet urban identity, spatial representations and local politics.
Changing Women Changing Nation: Female Agency Nationhood and Identity in Trans-Salvadoran Narratives (SUNY series in Latin American and Iberian Thought and Culture)
· Your entry must have been made after the Challenge theme went live, so no back-linking is allowed.
If you do not have a blog you are welcome to join in the challenges and email us pictures of your creations! Also if you have any questions please feel free to contact us!
To join in the fun please post your card/project on your blog with a link to our challenge and then use our Linky Tool to enter your work. If you don't have a blog you can always email your projects to us!
Please make sure that all entries were created AFTER or on the same day the challenge was announced, not before.
The design team member’s creations are on here to inspire you to make your own fab creations! However, we ask that you do not directly copy any designs which you see on this blog as this would be breaching the copyright law. If for any reason you wish to show a design team members work elsewhere then please contact us detailing where you are intending to display the work and for what purpose.
Would you like to sponsor Creative Inspirations challenges? Could you provide a prize for one of our challenges? In return we would add a permanent link to you store! If you are interested and want to know more please contact us on cinspirations@hotmail.com
From 26 June to 29 July 2000, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) tested the effectiveness of the Krohn Mechanical Mine Clearance System (KMMCS) at an ordnance project at Combat Training Center, Hohenfels, Germany.
The KMMCS was used to assist in the subsurface clearance of an impact area for antitank ordnance. The site had also been used as a demolition area for many other kinds of ordnance.
Several factors led to the decision to test KMMCS. Concentrations of unexploded ordnance (UXO), ordnance scrap and target scrap were much heavier in the target area than had been expected. The clearance team had spent 8 days clearing one 25- by 25-meter grid to a depth of 4 feet, removing 61 UXO items and 2450 pounds of OE scrap and target scrap. Clearly, production was falling behind and other means of clearance must be explored.
At about the same time, USACE learned of the KMMCS through another clearance effort that had been performed at Hohenfels. The proposed cost for testing the KMMCS, approximately $9700 per acre, was significantly less than the estimated cost of clearing manually. This suggested a partial solution to the production problem.
The USACE was also interested in trying innovative technology, and the customer was supportive of the effort. The owner claimed that this machine could withstand detonations of up to 22 pounds (10 kilograms) net explosive weight of TNT. The machine could till the soil and destroy surface and subsurface anomalies to a depth of approximately 1 foot. It could travel at the rate of about 1 mile per hour. Under ideal conditions this would result in a clearance rate of about 6 acres per 10-hour day. The USACE was eager to test these claims and the Corps contractor, EODT Inc., was receptive to the prospect of trying out the system.
Agile Tour Sydney is a non-profit conference run by practitioners for practitioners who are directly involved in Agile delivery and who are prepared to actively participate and share experiences.
This conference is NOT about self-congratulation and happy ending fairy tales but rather the sharing of warts-and-all failures, hard-fought successes, and practical activities to help you address your real-world challenges.
The concept is to have a very interactive gathering run by practitioners, for practitioners where most sessions are practical, interactive workshops and (war) stories of real-world experiences. We want to see a lot of sharing practical skills and experience in agile adoption, project delivery, agile teamwork and agile development practices.
The hotel is located in the centre of a quiet and exclusive residential area known as Tres Torres, close to the most important medical centres of Barcelona such as Clínica Tres Torres, Corachán, etc. The Catalonia Castellnou hotel was built in 1970 and renovated in 2000.
Explaining the trading system developed using OSCILLATOR, if you want to learn how to use.XPS v8 and Synergy trading signal:BOSS MODE is a trend catching setup, meaning it was designed and built to get you in and out of the trend.Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Series 15.6-Inch Laptop (2.4 GHz Intel Core i7 Processor, 12 GB SDRAM DDR3,.Operating System:. names and versions of the drivers used for the following hardware on my XPS 8300 Desktop. HD 6700 Series.The Beast Trading Forex System and EA. Remember: this is an H1 trading system. XPS SERIES INDICATORS FOREX SYSTEM. XPS SERIES INDICATORS FOREX SYSTEM consists of XPS v6,XPS V7,XPS.
GaryW1972, We currently are only including systems that have full manageability support in the Driver Pack catalog.
Dell Skylake laptops: XPS 13 9350, XPS 15 9550, XPS 12 9250, Alienware, Inspiron and Precision series.The Dell XPS 8700 is a desktop computer with excellent capabilities and an affordable price.View all of the components of the Lutron XPS system, as well as the Lutron products that are compatible with XPS.
Find great deals on eBay for dell xps video card dell xps m1710 video card.All of our exciting products are built with high standards,.
Dell XPS (Xtreme Performance System) is a line of gaming and performance computers manufactured by Dell History.
Learn how to create an XPS document by printing to the Microsoft XPS Document Writer. The Dell XPS 17 L702X is a desktop replacement style notebook that is powered by an.
Read and compare experiences customers have had with DELL products.Free download Xard777 Trading systems ( tpl with Indicators for Metatrader 4).XPS has once again produced all new Lipo packs for EDF and 3D aircraft and helicopters.The XPS incorporates pre-configured motion groups and user-definable motion groups to optimize the performance and simplify the use of.
Dell Replacement Power Supply. following list of compatible systems.Our professional traders suggest practical advice and trading alerts. This product has been tested and validated on Dell systems to ensure it will.Find great deals on eBay for xps extreme performance series sleep shirt.
Forex Ichimoku Half Trend TD is a swing trend following system filtered by long term and medium term indicator.What makes the B12 Trader system different from. in studying most every educational trading systems out.
Dell wowed the crowds at CES 2015 with its newly redesigned XPS 13 laptop, which squeezed a 13-inch laptop into what felt very close to an 11-inch body.To browse Software Downloads - select a product within the drop-down menu, and then click "Go" to view a list of downloads for that product.Best Dell and Alienware Laptops. this laptop sports an Intel 6th Generation Core series.
This page contains the list of device drivers for Dell XPS 15 9530.Since the start of BYRIX in 2004, we have gained international recognition as an industry.Liked: Very fast 4thgen CPU Disliked: More RAM than most will ever use.
culture centered around values like inclusion and experimentation helps employees achieve their full potential.If your company provides the theater to play this out, it should logically lead to company success.The man I’ve been seeing isn’t my boss and I’m not his, but we do work pretty closely together on a lot of projects (which is how our relationship bloomed).We’ve been seeing each other for a little over a month.Companies focus on their business objectives and, when it comes to people practices, they often prioritize basics such as pay and physical workspace, evidenced by exploding compensation in the tech industry, free food, and the prevalence of toys and games present in the workplace. Doesn’t it make more sense to invest in dialogue to understand the expected behavior behind these umbrella words?When many companies talk about culture and values, words like ‘stewardship’, ‘diversity’, ‘good citizenship’, ‘teamwork’, ‘personal accountability’, etc. Individual safety and inclusion are topics that employers should actively surface, and inclusion practices need to be continuously checked and not assumed.
(It later reversed the decision.) Even then, though, surveys showed half of us have had an office fling; and today, a whopping The shameful holiday-party hookup is no longer the primary association with intra-office romance. In some industries, the open business and romantic partnership is even I concede that meeting someone at work makes logical sense.It’s important to keep your at-work relationship as professional as possible: unless you’re at lunch or in a group setting, try to limit the non-work related smalltalk to after hours.You’re crazy about each other, but aren’t allowed to openly express it when you’re at work together: clearly, this is the recipe for some insane sexual tension.I’m not sure where it’s going but if we continue to date, it might be hard to continue to keep it a secret.We both really like each other so we don’t want to break up, and we’re always professional in the office.
Some questions include how you feel about meeting someone, your physical characteristics, nationality, your work and your hobbies.
After the wearer soaks in stationary water of 0-2℃ for 6 hours, the drop of the body-temperature is less than 2℃.
The wearer can turn over within 5S,so that his face is toward up and the nose and mouth portion is 120mm above the water level ,after the wearer soaks in water for 24hours,the floating force loss of the suit is less than 5%.
The rights of images and other materials found in this website are not Bolaloob.com's property, remains to its respective owner's
LED lighting, electrical cords, wire grid, hardware, ink on paper, flat and enamel paint on aluminum(3)
This collection includes records for the Appalachian Oral History Project, a combined effort of Appalachian State University, Alice Lloyd College, Emory and Henry College, and Lees Junior College to document oral histories of the history and folklore of the central Appalachian region. Materials in this collection consist of interviews and records generated by Appalachian State University interviewers between 1973 and 1975. Records include audio interviews, administrative files, photographs, and video.
The Appalachian Oral History Project (AOHP) was an oral history project was conducted by four regional universities in the southeast United States, which focused on collecting stories of folklore and cultural history of the Central Appalachian mountain region. It was funded by grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities, the Rockerfeller Foundation, and the Johnson Foundation, and started by Alice Lloyd College and Lees Junior College in Kentucky in 1970. It later included Appalachian State University in North Carolina and Emory and Henry College in Virginia. The Project created more than three thousand interview recordings, one-fourth of which have been transcribed, and an edition of the transcriptions have been published in microfilm. A selection of interviews have been published in the book Our Appalachia, and a union catalog of the Project interviews was published in 1977. The Appalachian State University branch of the Oral History Project was conducted in Watauga County, North Carolina, between 1973 and 1980, and consisted of approximately five hundred interviews.
This collection consists of approximately 600 audiocassette tape recordings, interview files and transcriptions, administrative files, photographs, and video. Interviewees include Alfred Adams, Patricia Beaver, Wade Brown, Richard Chase, James Council, Robert Guy, Stanley Harris, Buna Hicks, Stanley Hicks, Mrs. Grover Robins, Willard Watson, and Cratis Williams. Student workers served primarily as interviewers and transcribers. Over 500 individuals were interviewed for the project, which focused on historical and cultural activities, including family life, farming, and marriage in Appalachia. The collection includes a card index to the interviews and photographs. Release forms are included in administrative files when available. Some audio recordings are of poor quality and there are several gaps in the collection. Approximately 60 identified original audio tapes are missing.
The collection is arranged in three series- Series I: Interviews, Series II: Administrative Files, and Series III: Audiovisual Materials. Each collection is arranged alphabetically, with the exception of the Administrative files which includes a additional box of legal agreements. Please note that some descrepancies exist in numbering and subject between tapes and corresponding files.
This collection is open for use in the Dougherty Reading Room without restrictions. The collection is protected by the Copyright Law of the United States (Title 17, U. S. C.). Reproductions are made only for use as personal study or research. It is the user's responsibility to verify copyright ownership and to obtain all necessary permissions prior to the reproduction, publication, or other use of any portion of these materials. The Appalachian Oral History Project reserves copyright of the collection; interviews without release forms are the property of the interviewer and interviewee. Written permission is required for publication. Patrons may quote only from interviews with written permission of the Appalachian Oral History Project. For more information, contact Special Collections.
The donors and the donation date are unknown. In March 2001, a brochure about the Appalachian Oral History Project was transferred from the Appalachian Regional Brochure Collection to the Appalachian Oral History Project Records. In February 2003, the University Archives transferred signed legal agreements to the Appalachian Oral History Project Records. In January 2006, Nik Hay recovered one box of Oral History Project slides, photographs, and audio cassettes from the recently vacated Whitener Hall and gave them to the W.L. Eury Appalachian Collection.
Processed in 2001. This collection was opened to the public in 2001. Reprocessed and finding aid updated by Trevor McKenzie, December 2012. This collection was reprocessed as part of a grant from the National Historical Publications and Records Commission. The grant funded extensive processing of the backlog within the W. L. Eury Appalachian Collection between 2012 and 2014.
The collection is protected by the Copyright Law of the United States (Title 17, U. S. C.). Reproductions are made only for use as personal study or research. It is the user's responsibility to verify copyright ownership and to obtain all necessary permissions prior to the reproduction, publication, or other use of any portion of these materials. The Appalachian Oral History Project reserves copyright of the collection; interviews without release forms are the property of the interviewer and interviewee. Written permission is required for publication. Patrons may quote only from interviews with written permission of the Appalachian Oral History Project. For more information, contact Special Collections.
Series I contains approximately 500 audio recordings of interviews made between 1972 and 1980. Subseries A consists of the original recordings on audiocassette. They are arranged according to the assigned interview number, which was assigned chronologically when the interview took place. Most interview recordings have a corresponding interview file with the same identification number. Fifty-four identified interview recordings are missing. Original recordings are not open to patrons and user copies must be created before a recording can be used. Subseries B is composed of user copies recorded from the original tapes onto compact disc. Subseries C includes audiocassette copies of the original recordings. Subseries D: Interview files contains documentation for the individual interviews. Contents varies, but can contain handwritten and typed interview notes, transcriptions, release forms, and/or interview forms. A partial subject index is available.
Tape 428: Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Willie, November 20, 1974 [not transcribed, no release form] Box 14.428
Tape 447b: Federation Of North Carolina Historical Societies, "Getting into Print," Robert Topkins, undated Box 14.447b
Tape 453b: Hallowfield, Gene and Greene, Mary [tape broken], March 1978 [not transcribed, no release form] Box 15.453b
Tape 454b: Conference- Role of Education in Appalachia, Mars Hill College, undated [not transcribed] Box 15.454b
Tape 461a: Presnell, Mack and Pearl, December 12, 1978 [incomplete transcription, no release form] Box 15.461a
Tape 461b: Presnell, Mack and Pearl, December 12, 1978 [incomplete transcription, no release form] Box 15.461b
Tape 464a: Councill, James [This is the same interview as in 219-220], June 28, 1974 [no release form] Box 15.464a
Tape 464b: Councill, James [This is the same interview as in 219-220], June 28, 1974 [no release form] Box 15.464b
Tape 464c: Councill, James [This is the same interview as in 219-220], June 28, 1974 [no release form] Box 15.464c
Tape 464d: Councill, James [This is the same interview as in 219-220], June 28, 1974 [no release form] Box 15.464d
Tape 464e: Councill, James [This is the same interview as in 219-220], June 28, 1974 [no release form]
Tape 464f: Councill, James [This is the same interview as in 219-220], June 28, 1974 [no release form] Box 15.464f
Series II consists of administrative files associated with the project. Material included in this series pertains to budgetary information, personnel, and legal agreements.
The audiovisual series contains photographs, video, reel-to-reel, and non-interview cassettes. Pictures include farm scenes, family portraits, logging, and individual portraits from western North Carolina. Subjects covered in the video, reel-to-reel, and cassettes include the New River, rural women, tourism, a Jimmy Carter speech, and Union for Cannon Mills.
With the built-in desktop notifications, you won’t miss any chats. It isn’t the concept of live chat itself that sets us apart from the competition, of course many of our competitors offer live chat rooms too.
But it is the potential Live Chat has unlocked for our team with its unique easy-to-use interface and desktop applications, two-way conversation prospects, advanced chat search and quick chat history tracking that makes this a major (customer service) game changer for us.
Increase the ROI on your content, SEO, Adwords and email marketing efforts. Learn more about Zoho Sales IQ Zoho Sales IQ helps engage site visitors in real-time to convert them into paying customers. Learn more about Zoho Sales IQ Highly secure live chat solution that can be tailor-made to fit your needs.
We offer a big chat and many online games such as chess, backgammon and our chat games, for instance, our popular quiz chatroom.
Live Agent is a feature rich multi-channel live chat software with 170 support features including email ticketing, live chat, phone support, social media integrations, support portal and API.
Simple swimlane-view for the operator to recognise the most potential visitors and visitors with products in shopping cart.
Categories Anyway, I've hit a mental roadblock of sorts -- I can't really figure out what the stage between the current innocent touching and groping should be.
Ha a termékekkel kapcsolatban kérdése van, kérjük írjon e-mailt, vagy keressen minket a fenti telefonszámokon. Termékeket a vállalkozás székhelyén nem tartunk, azokat kizárólag postai úton vagy futárszolgálattal kézbesítjük.
This Its Official Castle Grayskull Did Not has 1440 x 900 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Toy Fair Motuc Castle Grayskull has 1600 x 1067 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This How Much Would You Pay For This Lego Castle Grayskull Playset has 1600 x 1578 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Vintage Mattel Masters Of The Universe Castle Greyskull Playset Mib has 2048 x 1494 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Mattel Teases Us With Castle Grayskull Playset Images has 1280 x 866 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
This Masters Of The Universe Cljewelics Castle Grayskull Revealed has 1600 x 1063 pixel resolution with jpeg format. This 0 has 1024x728 pixel resolution and use jpeg format. Guitar, drum and another vector was related topic with this vector. You can download the vector picture by right click your mouse and save from your browser.
Com. is not operated by, sponsored by, endorsed by, or affiliated in any way with any of the companies mentioned in this site. All brand names and trademarks mentioned in this site are the property of their respective owners.
Your Health and Home Box Set (6 in 1): Baking Soda Recipes, Essential Oils, Household Hacks and Projects for Cleaning
Trailing arms are some of the most exposed suspension components on a lifted 4x4 and are prone to bending and breaking. Ironman 4x4 has resolved this common problem by producing heavy duty ADR approved, adjustable upper trailing arms.
Providing radically stronger arms that can also correct driveline and pinion angles, the control arms feature over 5” of adjustment to suit a range of lifts and applications. The arms are on-vehicle adjustable, providing ease of adjustment once on the vehicle to ensure diff alignment is spot on!
Oh and did we mention they were tough? Featuring a solid 32mm centre, 60% increase in the thickness of the eyes surrounding the bushes and deeper penetrating welds to ensure maximum strength and structural integrity.
Coil spacers allow fine tuning or larger adjustment of vehicle ride height, most commonly used to trim level after heavy accesories have been fitted.
This website uses cookies. By continuing, we assume that you accept such use. Learn more about cookies and how to refuse them at this link.
Forum for discussions about general concepts of Vedic astrology, Horoscope, Signs, planets, Avasthas etc. Learn new things in astrology. Please do not leave Readings requests here.
In order to determine actual cost savings, grids were selected in medium and high density areas for comparison of production rates. The following tables show ordnance clearance rates for grids that were not tilled before clearance and grids tilled prior to clearance.
There’s nothing wrong with spending a night in jail if it means getting the shot you need. W. Herzog
The following pieces of advice from director, screenwriter, and actor Werner Herzog are featured on the back cover of this book: Werner Herzog: A Guide for the Perplexed: Conversations with Paul Cronin.
That roll of unexposed celluloid you have in your hand might be the last in existence, so do something impressive with it.
There are many good books out there which do a fine job of teaching you something new. There are great books that compel you to change your behavior, or take up a new hobby. And then there are extraordinary books which can potentially change the course of your life. This is such a book. — Dr. Ali Binazir
Posted in Author Tips, Marketing Quotes, Writing and Creating Books	Tagged A Guide for the Perplexed, always take the initiative, ask for forgiveness, carry bolt cutters everywhere, Conversations with Paul Cronin, director Werner Herzog, expand your knowledge, explore unknown territory, ignite the fire within, learn to live with your mistakes, never wallow in your troubles, screenwriter Werner Herzog, take your fate into your hands, thwart institutional cowardice, Werner Herzog, Werner Herzog quotations, Werner Herzog quotes	permalink
Here you can Print or Download fo free Letter Q Worksheets For Preschoolers id #12. We had a great collection of Free Letter Q Worksheets For Preschoolers pleae look for more.
cheap tool boxes used craftsman tool boxes craftsman professional craftsman tool chest buy tool box near me tool boxes for utes gumtree.
cheap tool boxes perth for utes gumtree ute sydney hands on porter cable storage combo is inexpensive but it,china cheap tool box metal roller storage cabinet heavy duty chest adelaide boxes for utes nz ute sydney,tool boxes good cheap truck low box before and after adelaide buy near me for utes gold coast,tool boxes cheapest box cheap discount super get for utes nz ute melbourne harbor freight,plastic truck bed tool box medium size of cheap boxes sydney harbor freight buy uk,cheap ute tool boxes sydney good garage or box 5 comp cabinets buy uk,tool boxes for utes brisbane buy box canada cheap melbourne classic craftsman rolling cart sears,tool boxes for utes melbourne hands on porter cable storage combo is inexpensive but it cheap truck near me gumtree,pickup bed tool boxes box with a toolbox pic w cheap canada ute sydney for utes,cheap tool boxes uk melbourne for utes gold coast plastic box on wheels manufacturers and suppliers.
Join 130,000+ fellow readers! Enjoy our handpicked selection of great free and deeply discounted ebooks.
The argument can be made for Trevor Ariza at No. 8, but considering his numbers were pretty comparable to our next guy’s stat line and the fact that he was in an ideal situation in the East, his 2014-15 projections take a hit because of the simple fact that the Houston Rockets won’t rely on him quite as much as the Washington Wizards did.
Don’t get me wrong, the Rockets need wing defense more than the Wiz and Ariza will provide that in spades as Chandler Parsons‘ replacement. But Ariza won’t be needed on the boards as much and there will be an adjustment period even though the Rockets probably just need him to knock down corner threes just like he did in Washington.
At 29 years old, Ariza’s about as good as he’s going to get. He’ll provide Houston with veteran experience, terrific defense, three-point shooting and some athleticism attacking the rim. But this team still belongs to James Harden and Dwight Howard, and while Parsons looked like the third cog in the wheel of Houston’s future, Ariza still feels like a prominent role player more than anything else. Still, anybody that can lock down opposing wings and shoot 40 percent from downtown in this league is more than deserving of a top 10 spot here.
And now we come to one of my favorite Basketball Twitter arguments of the summer: Chandler Parsons or Gordon Hayward? Both probably received contracts worth more than their real value, both are underrated athletic white guy wings, and both are competing for a roster spot on Team USA this summer. In a vacuum, I’d probably pick Parsons because he’s a superior three-point shooter, but we’re going to stick him here at No. 7 because we have to factor in the teams these two play for and what role they play.
Just like his time with the Houston Rockets, Parsons will once again be the third option on offense with the Dallas Mavericks behind Dirk Nowitzki and Monta Ellis. I’m sure Parsons will have no problem with that, especially since the Mavs quietly had one of the best offseasons in the NBA to position themselves for another playoff run. That being said, as impressive as it is that Parsons has increased his scoring, rebounding and assist numbers every season he’s been in the league, he won’t quite get the opportunity to really spread his wings in Dallas.
That’s probably for the best, because a team with Chandler Parsons as its best or second best player isn’t a real contender. The Mavs are hoping that adding Parsons to the mix gives them more perimeter shooting and an athletic wing who can attack the rim and finish at the basket. Parsons certainly provides those things, though his wing defense still needs a little work. Switch Parsons and Hayward and we might have a different argument here, but for now, we have to factor in Parsons’ limited role compared to Hayward’s leadership responsibilities with the Utah Jazz.
That’s probably for the best, because a team with Chandler Parsons as its best or second best player isn’t a real contender
if they don't think we don't need help on the boards, clearly he hasn't watched the amazing rebounding we were getting out of our power forwards, offensive rebounding we were good, but defensively, we sucked.
Still swapping #6 for #9 at half the price isn't bad at all, just sucks that Ariza has sooo many more miles on his body then Parsons.
Ariza was a great addition. People do not understand how significant it was to pick up a player with his experience and his skill set. Keeping Parsons too would have been great but we needed a player like Ariza to get to the next round. He is a sharp shooter from the three point line, his defense, and his ability to pass and work with a big man like Dwight is something we lacked last year. Ariza will make this team better and put us one step closer to our title hopes.
Nah, according to this list Chandler was right and he was the best SF in that playoff series, ranked higher than Batum
He’ll provide Houston with veteran experience, terrific defense, three-point shooting and some athleticism attacking the rim.
How many times has it been said.... That is exactly what we need. For half the price of Parsons. With room to add and improve the roster in other ways as well.
The copyright status of this image is yet to be determined, which means you need to contact us before you use this image. Photography, supply and licensing fees may apply.
The skeleton, muscular, digestive and respiratory systems as well as the brain & nerves, heart & blood, eyes and ears. All illustrated with kid-friendly pictures and easy-to-understand descriptions and anatomically-correct terms.
The charming illustrations invite curiousity and make learning easy. Softcover, 56 pages. Size: 8.5" x 11"
You should not grow desperate if you have lost your license plate BZ. With the help of our online partnership, you can get it back.
How is it possible? We possess a special tool, which compiles different posts about findings of lost registered numbers BZ.They are left by kind citizens who find somebody’s license plates and share information about such findings. In such way, you should simply visit our online resource and seek for your loss.
BZ7A* BZ7B* BZ7C* BZ7D* BZ7E* BZ7F* BZ7G* BZ7H* BZ7I* BZ7J* BZ7K* BZ7L* BZ7M* BZ7N* BZ7O* BZ7P* BZ7Q* BZ7R* BZ7S* BZ7T* BZ7U* BZ7V* BZ7W* BZ7X* BZ7Y* BZ7Z* BZ70* BZ71* BZ72* BZ73* BZ74* BZ75* BZ76* BZ77* BZ78* BZ79*
The panel is called the ‘Perl-MoSeS Generator‘ and can be used to generate service skeletons for both CGI and SOAP based BioMOBY services. In addition, the panel includes a built-in editor with Perl syntax highlighting!
For details, start up Dashboard, and choose Help->Perl-MoSeS Generator, once the Perl-MoSeS Generator panel has been added into view (using the Settings->Panel selection)! Further documentation is coming soon!
of biological collections of all kinds. There is a new project defining a simple architecture and its Java implementation that allows to create BioMoby Web services accessing BioCASE-aware databases (collections): BioMoby/BioCASE services. Posted by: Martin Senger
"Tonight was a hard fought win for us as we were able to overcome adversity," said Storm head coach Bob Booher. "Tonight was a step in the right direction to battling back after our last few games."
Lake Erie opened the game with two straight layups from Kayla Gabor (Mentor, Ohio / Mentor) and Ashley West (Willoughby Hills, Ohio / Cornerstone Christian), taking a 4-0 lead. The Battlers tied the game at four shortly after. The teams went back and forth over the next two minutes in a defensive battle. With the game tied at six, Lake Erie gained a 9-6 lead off of a jumper from Megyn Christensen (Swanton, Ohio / Swanton). Alderson Broaddus responded with a 5-0 run to take an 11-9 lead with 3:18 left in the first quarter. West tied the game at 11 with two free throws at the two minute mark. Following the free throws, Lake Erie closed the quarter on a 6-1 run with Josie Chaddock (Minerva, Ohio / Minerva) scoring four points. Lake Erie led 17-12 after the first quarter.
West opened the second quarter with a layup one minute in, as the Storm led 19-12. After a Battlers layup, three different players combined on a Lake Erie 8-2 run over a three minute span. Gabor scored four points on the run as Lake Erie led by 13, 29-16 with 5:33 to go in the second quarter. West scored four of the final five points for the Storm in the half. Lake Erie led 34-26 at the half.
The teams went back and forth in the opening minute of the third quarter with baskets. After Alderson Broaddus trimmed the lead to six, Lake Erie went on an 11-4 run with four different players scoring. Lake Erie held a 47-34 lead with 6:20 remaining in the third quarter. The Battlers battled back to a seven point deficit with a 10-4 run over the next five minutes. Lake Erie scored the final three points of the frame, leading 54-44.
Chaddock and Christensen combined for the first five points of the fourth quarter, expanding the lead to 59-44. After Alderson Broaddus made a jumper with seven minutes left, Lake Erie went on another 5-0 run. A Gabor layup pushed the advantage to 66-48 with 4:43 left. The Battlers pulled within 13 a minute later but the Storm used a third 5-0 run to seal the victory. Lake Erie won by a final score of 75-59.
Gabor led the Storm with 17 points while she also added seven rebounds, and three steals. West finished with a career-high 16 points, set in the first half. She also completed her first double-double as she pulled down ten rebounds. Chaddock added 12 points and four steals. Christine Dawson (Mentor, Ohio / Mentor) had a double-double with 11 points and 12 rebounds with three blocks.
Lakka é Doutorando em Dança, Mestre em Artes pelo PPGArtes da Universidade Federal de Uberlândia e atualmente atua como professor na graduação em dança da Universidade Federal da Bahia (UFBA), desenvolvendo pesquisas nos seguintes temas: danças urbanas/hip hop e suas conexões com a dança contemporânea. Realizou performances e oficinas na América Latina, Europa e África, com destaque a países como Brasil, Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Uruguai, Venezuela, Equador, México, Costa Rica, Cuba, Portugal, Espanha, França, Holanda, Suécia, Suíça, Alemanha e Cabo Verde.
Media Advisory: CAIR-Houston Issues Travel Alert for Muslims After U.S. Supreme Court Reinstates President Trump’s Muslim Ban
(Houston, TX – 12/5/2017) The Houston, Texas chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations today responded to the Supreme Court’s reinstatement of the Muslim Ban by issuing a travel alert to Greater Houston area Muslims, as well as local businesses and schools, with connections to citizens of the six targeted … Continue reading →
CAIR-Houston urges American Muslim voters to take advantage of the upcoming August recess — during which members of Congress return home to spend time with their constituents — by requesting meetings to advocate on state and national issues of importance that include: opposing the Trump administration’s “Muslim Ban” executive orders; … Continue reading →
A sea of people – thousands of them – filled the steps of the Capitol and the area around, as this year’s Texas Muslim Capitol Day kicked off with a rally and press conference. Non-Muslims were there in force, verbally supporting and even physically protecting Muslims. In the wake of … Continue reading →
CAIR's vision is to be a leading advocate for justice and mutual understanding. CAIR’s mission is to enhance understanding of Islam, protect civil rights, promote justice, and empower American Muslims.
The following table shows the potential cost savings that could be realized for the entire project by tilling the grids prior to clearance.
Results of this test were very favorable, indicating that a tilling system will provide significant cost savings if used under favorable weather conditions and in the right configurations. Further use of mechanical clearance technology should be encouraged on projects where anomaly counts are high and where MSDs will allow safe operation. The lessons learned during this test will be useful in future applications of this and similar mechanical methods for UXO clearance.
restoration hardware house numbers this contemporary address plate via uses inexpensive house numbers found at a local hardware store restoration hardware brass house numbers.
Although the administrators and moderators of CyberJAMZ Forums will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible for us to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of CyberJAMZ Forums, nor Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. (developers of vBulletin) will be held responsible for the content of any message.
The owners of CyberJAMZ Forums reserve the right to remove, edit, move or close any thread for any reason.
When you provide us with any personal information including your name, address, e-mail and credit card number, it is processed over a secure connection on secure servers. We use Secure Socket Layers (SSL) to encrypt all information you provide before sending it to our servers. SSL is the industry standard and the best software available for secure ecommerce transactions.
The VeriSign (PayPal) Secure Site Seal assures you that this web site has been authenticated by PayPal and that confidential transactions with our site are secured by SSL encryption.
Payment for all wholesale collectible tin sign orders can be made using American Express, Bill Me Later�, Master Card, PayPal, and Visa accepted through our Yahoo! Secure Shopping Cart.
We hope you will enjoy this unique collectible sign shopping experience today. Please remember to bookmark and share our wholesale tin signs with your special facebook friends.
We offer hundreds of unique Wholesale Collectible Vintage Tin Signs, which are a super way to decorate your bar, restaurant, business, home, office, dorm room, garage etc. These masterpiece Wholesale Collectible Vintage Tin Sign reproductions will add that nostalgic look and will be a great conversation piece. We are pleased to offer you these quality antique tin signs at this amazing low price today.
Our Wholesale Collectible Vintage Tin Sign product merchandising team is dedicated to providing an extensive product offering to our customers. Our Wholesale Collectible Vintage Tin Sign customer support team is knowledgeable and responsive to provide our customers with the best experience possible.
Founded in 1999 we have succeeded in providing quality Wholesale Collectible Vintage Tin Signs at the best prices online. We back up all of our Wholesale Collectible Vintage Tin Signs with a money back guarantee.
The team is comprehensive in retaining in touch with our clientele and also our quality authors. We provide you with our guarantee that we are going to do our greatest using your custom-manufactured situation study analyze. Our authors have excellent skills in composing situation researches.
They assisted me extremely with information assortment, experiment style and execution, data Evaluation after which And finally with composing a wonderful 3000 text specialized economics report which was praised by all my peers. Cheers!
Students of all amounts are usually questioned to arrange evaluations of youthful persons and various forms are expected to learn about the criteria and needs of composing. Because many evaluations have distinctive tactics, pupils take care of many issues and frequently fail the examine analysis on account of this.
The assertion that is the finest supplier of APA literature evaluation composing products and services relies over the feed-back we get from various happy consumers.
The collective conclusions are usually not penned down, other than Possibly in certain students' notes. The selections (or whatsoever) are typically distinct, for every segment. The school never grade these outcomes. What The scholars are learning is actually a strategy of challenge definition (and every situation has multiple problems, some critical plus some partly crucial and some unimportant), assembly of information and facts, Investigation and analysis, formulating steps or policies or choices, and deciding on a course of motion.
We're the most beneficial area that you simply ought to head out to once you are searhing for situation evaluation services. We attempt to offer our consumers complete function, which entirely normally takes into account the various guidelines and policies that govern the crafting of situation evaluations.
I have purchased a variety of files with subjects from numerous spots of study research, along with the authors at TheCaseSolutions.com regularly supplied the great outcomes and grades. I continually try to look for the finest, which services hasn't ever failed to offer.
This browse around these guys business has become savoring its achievements. It's productively attracted college or university students from all around the globe.
Circumstance Resolution Hello Men i just recently bought endeavor help for economics activity with I bought support for my economics exploration research job which integrated graduate amount economics, arithmetic, info, see this community concept. Following discussing my process Using these Guys i understood which they experienced a audio degree of graduate economics and arithmetic understanding which was wanted for my job.
Just about every businessman and every businesswoman understands that point is dollars What exactly I desire to say. Get ready your work ahead of time, tend not to waste time on unwanted points and you may succeed.
Our shopper help team can support try this site you in Placing an buy; update you about the event of your Circumstance evaluation, and in the event, if you want any changes to your function.
They're able to go above the peculiarities of composing the paper, with the student setting the composing conditions, the type of analysis, its intricacy, and duration and the greater suited because of date.
Zola Suite is often a cloud-centered lawful apply management Alternative for solitary people in addition to tiny and midsize regulation firms.
Once you have PmWiki running on your site (see Installation), you can customize it for your particular needs.
Most PmWiki configuration is performed in files called local/config.php and pub/css/local.css. Some configuration is done on special pages in the Site and SiteAdmin groups, such as the Site.SideBar menu.
When you first install PmWiki, the local/config.php file does not exist. Copy the sample-config.php file (in the docs/ directory) to local/config.php and use it as a starting point. You could create local/config.php from scratch, but sample-config.php is already populated with many of the options you might want to adjust.
Note that config.php begins with <?php . The PHP end tag ?> is optional, and can be left off to improve compatibility with some operating systems. Be sure there aren't any blank lines or spaces before the <?php or after any closing ?>, or else you may get strange PHP error messages at the beginning of your wiki pages.
The $WikiTitle variable gives the name of your site as it will appear in a user's browser title bar.
The $ScriptUrl and $PubDirUrl variables tell your wiki where it is located. Often pmwiki can guess, but if you have difficulty with links not working or skins not being found then try uncommenting these lines.
The $TimeFmt variable defines the appearance of time strings and (along with TZ) localizes the wiki to a specific time zone (see Cookbook:ChangeTimeFormat).
By setting these (and other) variables in local/config.php, you can change the look and feel of PmWiki from its default, sometimes substantially so. See PmWiki.Variables for a list of variables that PmWiki uses, and see PmWiki:PmWikiUsers for examples of sites that use PmWiki in customized ways.
If you prepare an international wiki, potentially with characters in different alphabets (Cyrillic, Greek, Chinese) or many diacritical symbols (Czech + French), please look at PmWiki.UTF-8 and Cookbook:UTF-8.
The pages in the Site group (except the Site.SideBar) are locked by default. In order to edit pages in this group you need to create a site-wide admin password in local/config.php. To set the site-wide admin password to "mysecret", change the line to the following:
You must use the crypt() function, but set the password to a value with meaning for you. See PasswordsAdmin for details about making the password more secure.
PmWiki has been designed so that all customizations can be made without changing the distribution files -- one of its design goals is to provide seamless upgrades. PmWiki never writes to files in the local/ or cookbook/ directories, so placing your customizations here makes it easier to track the changes and upgrade PmWiki without losing the changes.
When changing the configuration of your site, always change the local/config.php file or add files to the cookbook/ or pub directories. Do not change pmwiki.php or the files in the scripts/ directory because the files are supposed to be overwritten upon upgrading.
You shouldn't rename pmwiki.php either. If you rename the file it will not be overwritten during an upgrade of the software and there will be a version mismatch. Many administrators add an index.php "wrapper script" in the pmwiki directory that contains the following single line:
Just make an text-file. Paste <?php include('pmwiki.php'); into it. Save the file as index.php Send it via FTP to the same directory as pmwiki.php is located.
After setting up local/config.php file, you may wish to make other local customizations. See the PmWiki Cookbook for a large number of customizations that have been contributed. And don't fear Cookbook recipes - they're well prepared, so that most of them require only to download a single file, add a one-line include command to config.php, and voilà! - they're working!
If you (or others sharing your server) want to maintain more than one wiki on the same server, see Wiki Farms.
Don't forget to join a PmWiki mailing list, where you can email other wiki administrators for help on customizing PmWiki and participate in discussions about PmWiki improvements. Once you have your site operational, be sure to add it to PmWiki:PmWikiUsers so others will know about it!
The brothers Coen have never made a feature film outside of America. Here's how they use each US region differently—and why we're blessed that they do. (But c'mon guys, get up to the Northwest why don'tcha?)
Regardless of the reception of Joel and Ethan Coen’s A Serious Man, one thing is clear: whatever creative or emotional bullshit led to their duo of moderate to mediocre to bad films (Intolerable Cruelty, The Ladykillers) – whatever the dust, …
If you’re a fan of the Coen Brothers and have always wanted to own a prop from one of their movies…how about the 1966 Dodge Coronet used in A Serious Man. The reason it’s going on the auction block is …
Despite opening up the Best Picture race from five nominations to ten, this morning’s announcement of the 2010 Oscar nominations hardly had any surprises. When the biggest shocker comes from the widely-unseen The Secret of Kells being nominated for Best …
Since it seems like I have to watch every trailer that comes out in a given year, I feel it only fair to highlight the ones that were worth my precious two-and-a-half minutes. A good trailer can throw a movie …
I’m so happy that 2009 was a front-loaded year. Friends and family asked me on more than one occasion, “It’s the end of the year, so where are all the good movies?” I responded that this year, for whatever reason, …
Film Independent’s Spirit Awards are meant to honor “indie” films, i.e. no blockbuster movies allowed but if you played at some festivals and didn’t cost a lot of money, you’re in consideration. The Spirit Awards are a good indicator of …
After deciding that “Yo, Give Us an Oscar” was a bad way to kick-start an awards marketing campaign for a film, studios went with what are known as “For Your Consideration” ads which usually appear in the print versions of …
Combined with “No Country for Old Men” and “Burn After Reading”, The Coen Brothers’ latest movie, “A Serious Man” could complete an unofficial “Existentialist Trilogy”. “No Country” says that the world is an uncertain and unforgiving place. “Burn After Reading” …
COLLIDER participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COLLIDER gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive.
Once upon a time there lived 4 friends by names, EveryOne, AnyOne, SomeOne and NoOne. There is a work that AnyOne can do and EveryOne is thinking that SomeOne would come forward and do the work. But finally NoOne did the work.
So to conclude when there is some thing that we can do, please do so. Why wait for some one to come forward.
We use cookies on this website. By using this site, you agree that we may store and access cookies on your device. ISE cookies policy
On 27 March 2018 Euronext completed its acquisition of the Irish Stock Exchange (ISE). The ISE has joined Euronext’s federal model and now operates under the trading name Euronext Dublin. Press release link. The content on this website will be updated in due course.
The ISEQ 20® index represent the 20 most liquid and largest capped companies on the ISE. View constituent list.
The ISEQ 20® capped index provides for greater diversification across the index by capping each constituent at a maximum of 9% weighting at chaining
We are the official source of Irish market data providing timely, standardised and tailored information
The Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin, is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland
June 2009, “Open Innovation: an Evolving Entrepreneurial Technique”, published in the International Review of Entrepreneurship
As internet penetration continues to grow across the globe, the potential pool of skilled and talented individuals and organizations that can be contacted or engaged in a commercial or professional arrangement expands. This flexible pool of resources can be utilised via a variety of methods and has been made more accessible by the growth of rich interactive media and social networking tools, which are frequently deployed both professionally and socially. This paper reviews the literature and recent uses of Open Innovation techniques which can facilitate corporate entrepreneurship. There is clear evidence to show that these techniques enable and accelerate entrepreneurial processes in addition to enabling greater agility in product and service development. The ability to access diversity and create new knowledge will be a key driver of success for many organizations and will support the development of entrepreneurial economies.
© iSensa Limited 2009 (All Rights Reserved) | Terms and conditions | Privacy policy | Support open education with the Neoclassical Theme.
Hottest and Fresh needle in clitoris tube movies | Page 1 | BoolTube cares and you watch needle in clitoris
healthy lunch box packing ideas when on the go packed template design a lunchbox my,healthy eating lunch box template my lunchbox certificates design a,healthy eating lunch box template design a lunchbox resources packed,my healthy lunchbox template design a lunch in plastic box for kids vector illustration eating,healthy eating lunch box template meal prep ideas a plus cute planning design lunchbox packed,healthy eating lunch box template my lunchbox easy meal planning printable design a,healthy packed lunch box template eating portion control weight loss diet design a lunchbox,meal calendar template healthy weekly planning sample my lunchbox eating lunch box design a,a beginners guide to meal prep health healthy packed lunch box template eating my lunchbox,design a healthy lunchbox template lunch box eating packed my.
making a kitchen island out of ikea cabinets diy to make with base wondrous,best build a kitchen how to island with breakfast make from base cabinets your own diy wall,making a kitchen island out of ikea cabinets make from islands build with,diy kitchen island using stock cabinets ikea build with making from wall,kitchen building a island from stock making out of ikea cabinets wall diy designs,best homemade kitchen island about house design inspiration with make a from wall cabinets making out of ikea your own,cabinet ideas kitchen island making a out of ikea cabinets diy stock using,kitchen island cabinet base bout making cheap diy ideas make cabinets from stock,cheap diy kitchen island ideas design plans make from ikea cabinets how to a out of base brilliant awesome,kitchen wonderful island from cabinets add a to base cabinet diy stock using making out of.
This is an animated video created to explain in a more playful/visual way how the building interacts with the surroundings.
This is a 3D explosion of every floor inside the Canada Water Library, depicting the structure and placement of every wall and room. The model was created in rhino as 3D max; it respects all the dimensions of the building. Zooming into the details… Ground floor and Mezzanine… Entire explosion…
Construction is the process of making a building and bringing it to life from its original designs. The CWL was built over a period of two years (June 2009 – November 2011). We have researched on the library’s development throughout the construction process, recording the progress achieved throughout the span of time previously highlighted. Below are …
Below we have presented some research answering a variety of questions regarding CWL and the environment that surrounds it. Moreover, we have included some videos of the fauna and flora characterising the site. How immersed was the designer in the community? The designer’s purpose was to celebrate libraries and create something new and original …
The outer walls of the Canada Water library are clad in aluminium sheets, anodised to have a light bronze tint with sequined perforations. The wavy aluminium skin gives the surface of building a creased and ripple effect. The architects inspiration for the skin came from the near by lake. As a result of the close proximity of …
Video and Snapshots: This conceptual sketch-model sequential video illustrates the architects aspiration when designing the library. Their intention was to provoke the feeling of entering a cloud when walking upstairs to the first floor and into the library. The above pictures are details of the sketch used to make the video itself. These pictures …
The photographic gallery below vividly represents the various materials that make up CWL. All of these materials, from the very exterior aluminium laminates to the colourful moquette in the interior of the library, clad the core of the building attributing to it a peculiar and captivating appearance.
The Interviews available below were recorded taking into account the diverse range of people visiting the library. Each one of them reflects the opinions of different age groups and/or sex in regards to the experience provoked by a visit to the CWL. Moreover, the questions asked within each interview were repeated or slightly modified in …
The photographic gallery presented in this post serves as a brief yet detailed overview of the main spaces making up the entire library. Both interior and exterior snapshots are included to highlight the contrasting designs that coexist within the analysed building. Moreover, panoramic views and collages give the opportunity to oversee a greater visible span …
As the author of the personal finance book, How We Prevent Wealth: A Personal Finance Reflection, I’ll give my own definition of wealth, in which you can use to construct your own opinion. This is necessary because one person may define wealth differently than another person. Does being wealthy necessarily mean one is rich? If not, how would you then define rich?
When you have financial freedom you be in the financial position where you could go on a vacation, play with your grandchildren, read a book, learn a language, golf when the weather is beautiful, fish when the bass are most active, or play a video game all day without the burden of realization that it has to end. Financial freedom is about living the other half of your life without worrying about going to a job. It is an actual retirement.
No one should have to work past sixty years old anymore— if they don’t have the desire to do so. The opportunities to grow a healthy nest egg and build wealth in America today are virtually endless. Yet, more and more, we see people working in their “golden years” not because they want to but, because they have to.
Your “golden years” should truly be golden and depending on how young you are or how aggressively you prepare, your “golden years” can be obtained at a much younger age than sixty.
However, many people prevent themselves from experiencing a wealth life or from having financial freedom because of the choices that they make. They choose to pay the banks rather than themselves first. They choose to not further educate themselves, formally or informally, so that they can earn more over their lifetime. And they choose to buy “status” symbols instead of accumulate savings. They choose our own demise. You have to choose to be financially different.
Wealth is not about having plenty of money now, per se, but it is about accumulating enough money over a working lifetime so you are able to successfully and eventually live a life where you get to choose what you do with you time, when and how you want to do it.
Wealth is defined by you. What is wealth to you? How would you define wealth? Do you agree with Chris Rock?
Personal finance author and philosophical writer. Teaching others how to save money and invest in themselves. Check out his latest book, The Wealth Number: The Financial Solution for Quitting the Job You Hate.
Romeo Jeremiah - Personal finance author and philosophical writer. Teaching others how to save money and invest in themselves. Check out his latest book, The Wealth Number: The Financial Solution for Quitting the Job You Hate.
401k ask the expert Budget Budgeting build wealth career College Students credit Credit Card credit cards credit score debt Earn Extra Money emergency fund end your debt entrepreneurship family finding a job Holiday Shopping home buying interest rates investing Kids and money life insurance Lifestyle live richer millennials money Money Habits payday loan podcast productivity real estate rentals retirement save money saving shopping side hustle small biz small business student loans unemployment ways to earn more ways to save
African Americans are significantly more likely to have some type of debt (94%) compared with the general population (82%). Credit card debt, student loan debt, and personal loans are all significantly higher in the African American community.
All Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for advice, and may be delayed.
Rhymes With Right links to a NY Times story where a teacher was overruled by an administrator regarding the changing of a student's grade:
Mr. Lampros’s introduction to the high school’s academic standards proved a fitting preamble to a disastrous year. It reached its low point in late June, when Arts and Technology’s principal, Anne Geiger, overruled Mr. Lampros and passed a senior whom he had failed in a required math course.
That student, Indira Fernandez, had missed dozens of class sessions and failed to turn in numerous homework assignments, according to Mr. Lampros’s meticulous records, which he provided to The New York Times. She had not even shown up to take the final exam. She did, however, attend the senior prom.
Through the intercession of Ms. Geiger, Miss Fernandez was permitted to retake the final after receiving two days of personal tutoring from another math teacher. Even though her score of 66 still left her with a failing grade for the course as a whole by Mr. Lampros’s calculations, Ms. Geiger gave the student a passing mark, which allowed her to graduate.
Ms. Geiger declined to be interviewed for this column and said that federal law forbade her to speak about a specific student’s performance. But in a written reply to questions, she characterized her actions as part of a “standard procedure” of “encouraging teachers to support students’ efforts to achieve academic success.”
My emphasis. I cannot begin to express what a complete buffoon this woman is. I am happy that Lampros decided to make a stink out of this, as that is precisely what I would do. Lampros did have sort of an indication of what he was getting into, however, as detailed by the school's grading policy:
He took particular note of the stipulation that a student who attended class even once during a semester, who did absolutely nothing else, was to be given 45 points on the 100-point scale, just 20 short of a passing mark.
To make matters worse, Fernandez's mother exemplifies the attitude of way too many parents these days:
“My daughter earned everything she got,” she said. Of Mr. Lampros, she said, “He needs to grow up and be a man.”
That's right, Mrs. Fernandez. Your daughter earned a solid "F." Not what she was given by the preposterous "generosity" of Ms. Geiger. And Mr. Lampros' masculinity is not in dispute. What is is your ability to be a parent. I mean, check it:
Mr. Lampros recalled one comment that Mrs. Fernandez made during their meeting about why it was important for Indira to graduate. She couldn’t afford to pay for her to attend another senior prom in another senior year.
Fortunately, I have never encountered a situation where my principal (or other administrator) demanded that I change a student's grade. In fact, they have been most supportive of my decisions in the [few] instances where there has been some sort of dispute. Admittedly, I do not even know if admins. are allowed to change a grade without a teacher's permission. That's the case in Texas, as Greg at RWR notes in his post -- that is, admins. cannot change a grade without a teacher's OK. Probably the most memorable example of a parent berating me about her kid's grade was very early in my career; mom was upset that the 50% her child had earned got him a grade of "F." She asked, "But can't he get credit for the work he has done?" My reply was, "He has gotten credit. 50%." She still didn't get why this was an "F." And, unfortunately across the US, there are too many administrators who feel likewise -- that virtually any work done by a student warrants at least a passing grade. They believe that failing grades "discourage" students. This was perfectly exemplified years ago here in Delaware during the Adele Jones saga.
Jones was a math teacher in Delaware's Indian River District. The claim was that "she failed too many students." She ended up being fired, but was reinstated when a judge ruled that her due process rights were violated. But the telling item is when this story was told on one of the big networks' news magazine shows ("Dateline" it may have been, if memory serves). One of Jones' administrators came right out and said it: "Bad grades do not motivate students." I was completely flummoxed. In other words, a teacher should not assign a "bad grade" (usually meaning a "D" or "F") to a student -- no matter what the lack of performance -- because "it won't motivate him/her." Hell, Jones should have argued that poor performance reviews and worse, her firing, "don't/wouldn't motivate HER to do better"! You can see just how pathetically ridiculous this all becomes.
What happens when these students (like Lampros' and Jones') move on to the REAL WORLD? It doesn't look pretty.
Comments (We reserve the right to edit and/or delete any comments. If your comment is blocked or won't post, e-mail us and we'll post it for you.)
I'm betting the lack of administrative support and the conveyor belt mentality of instruction aren't motivating Mr Lampro or the other teachers of that school to achieve success in teaching, either.
"Mr. Lampros recalled one comment that Mrs. Fernandez made during their meeting about why it was important for Indira to graduate. She couldn’t afford to pay for her to attend another senior prom in another senior year."
I can't tell you how much this annoys me. Personal responsibility is nil. Dang, my Dad would have had my b**t over this.
I was one of those dreaded teaching fellows at Tulsa University in the mid '70s responsible for basic 3-D form design and beginning ceramics. In my second term as instructor, the athletic department saw fit to enroll two of the football players into my class -- who didn't see fit to attend class much, and didn't see fit to do anything when they did show up.
I failed both of them. To the credit of my advising professor and department head, he stood up for me and made sure those marks held. At 120 lbs and looking like I was 16 instead of 25, those 300 pounders were pretty intimidating.
Items 1 - 12 of 18 position` ASC LIMIT Items of Page. You're currently reading page 1; Page 2 · Page Next. Show. 12, 16, 24, 48, per page. We - and our partners - use cookies to deliver our services and to show you ads based on your interests. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies. Items 1 - 12 of 18 position` ASC LIMIT Items of Page. You're currently reading page 1; Page 2 · Page Next. Show. 12, 16, 24, 48, per page. We - and our partners - use cookies to deliver our services and to show you ads based on your interests. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies.
Most of the free Avengers go underground to track the Cosmic Cube that's causing so much damage, and learn who is actually using it, though that knowledge may not be terribly helpful for them. Meanwhile, the rest of the teams work to free the captives, but given the attempted LMD coup, the intentions of some of the team members may be misunderstood.
Al-Hidayah Islamic School provides high quality Islamic Studies and Government Curriculum in a friendly Islamic environment.
Worked as Sr Manager - Delivery for an MNC at Hyderabad. Previously worked as Solution Architect, Project Lead, Module Lead, Technology consultant, Developer, Oracle DBA, bla.. bla..
bbwfuck.xxx is so delightful and delicious. Even experienced gourmets of exquisite carnal games will find a lot of intriguing Laurea Sex movies to their taste here! Relax and enter our huge free Laurea Porn Tube. You will find here everything that you want to see!
Dr. Amanda Farley explains to the Vernon Morning Star on how children’s vision is among the lowest health priorities for B.C. parents.
Nick?? Dougie?? wrote: More moving to me was when croaky voiced he stood alone on a platform with his guitar and sang ‘Blackbird’ - I was sniffing like Christie Brinkley!
pcqgod wrote: Single version contains an unedited expletive, according to Mark Lewisohn's book on the Beatles' recording sessions.
sloopjohnc wrote: Aslan has some good credenitals - got his BA from Santa Clara, a Jesuit school and his Masters from Harvard and PhD from Santa Barbara, a surfing school.
i love it unreservedly. singing along with Macca and my Son in Glasgow along with a few others is a cherished memory.
Ranking Ted wrote: Hey Jude is one of the many deathless Beatles songs that can’t be diminished no matter how often you hear it. It’s got all those moments that PP cites and it’s got this aura about it that can still produce shivers. It goes without saying it utterly hoses on Let It Be.
I was exposed to it through my father, a classical music guy, who brought the single home, thereby igniting my Fabs passion. Aged seven or eight, I wondered aloud what song was on the other side and received no intelligible reply. Not his bag, but I commend him for buying the record.
When I saw Macca the one time, at some football stadium (circa "Biker Like an Ikon" ), he dragged it out and it was monumentally thrilling to be in the same room -- or stadium, rather -- with the guy who wrote it, singing it. Completely sober, but weeping, I felt like I was six years old again, in my parents' living room. The wonder of it all, indeed.
Jesus fuck, but to have that kind of power, to regularly affect people's lives in that way. Millions of them. It's insane.
I think it is one of their most powerful songs- if anything, as pointed out, the harmony between John and Paul (I can see the 'pal'-bit that John mentions, it is a bit like the harmonious convergence you can have with someone if you share a special moment that you both feel to be a part of) but also the way Ringo perks up from looking like Lurch of the Addams Family to the jovial drummer laughing with the crowd gathered around him.
Like many on here, I'm old enough to remember watching that live as it was broadcast - I was at my grandparents in London, and I remember my eldest brother, sister & my aunt all singing along at the top of our voices to it. I was six at the time. The bit I remember most clearly was the crowd gathering round as the coda kicked in. That just seemed like a really cool thing to do. Very emotional watching it back again just now.
Ah shit, you spotted that? Doc Brown is gonna be pissed at me! I had to go though, you see when I was a kid and didn’t know any better I would complain about my dad playing The Beatles in the car. “But they all sound the same”
Hey Jude was the first Beatle song that stood out to me with its ending that went on forever. I now love The Beatles even more than my dad does as well as loving Wings and solo McCartney to the point that I own multiple Wings T-shirts and a Hofner violin bass. So this song still means a lot to me. I couldn’t resist the chance to see it being played on Frost back before everyone knew it already, to be part of that moment. What a rush!
I liked Paul's little lift of 'The Weight' during the coda. It's too bad it's not a proper live recording, though, but it still is great. And lots of fun to watch.
As much as I love the song, these days I get more of a kick from watching them fuck around with the theme tune at the start. I could watch that for hours - Lennon's antics especially make me grin like a loon.
For as much as I claim that artists (all of them, Beatles included) have some very distorted and inaccurate view of their own strengths, this seems like a case where everyone's antennae went up at the right time - "Hang on, this one's a bit different than the others, something special about it, let's give it the priority it deserves, etc." Even John's bitterness about "Revolution" not being the big Beatles single of the moment seemed fully tempered by a (fully accurate) sense of "Oh, fuck - 'Hey Jude', there's no arguing with THAT one."
As a song, an arrangement, a record...if you're willing or able to concede that sort of "infinite beauty in a grain of sand" quality to its inherent uncluttered simplicity, it's an absolute motherfucker. Such a simple build - the piano and voice, the acoustic and tambourine in on the second verse, the backing vocals in halfway through that, the drums and bass tumbling in for the bridge, the incredibly spare electric guitar, even the staggering of the strings and horns in the coda* - none of these are sort of "Good Vibrations" tricks of innovation and hard graft, but they are absolutely what the doctor ordered. The "trick", such as it is, is just people with incredibly good instincts having the basic sense to resist "their fancier selves", and...it's as if they managed to deliberately get out of the way of a meaningful musical event.
I've seen the old boy perform it some ridiculous number of times now (you'd either laugh or cry if I named the number), and this seems like (even more so than the others) the one number where the band is especially keen to honor the original arrangement to the letter. It's like building an especially specific Jenga tower or domino arrangement - if you moved one piece, it would collapse instantly.
*The one thing that absolutely belongs to the original record is that very specific sequence of improvisations Paul belts out during the last four minutes. He never did it that way before, he'd never do it again. There's an unrepeatable sanctity to that moment that only serves to make the record more special - you get the gloriously restrained power of the arrangement and execution, AND you get a very specific one time event/celebration. You even get a swear in the last verse if you want it
This school year, we are challenging all 4th graders to read 20 books. We have organized the literature into 8 genres with a set number of books for each genre. The book selection is up to the students, but there are a few rules. No graphic novels. Do not read books from the same series. If you've read one Harry Potter book, don't read another one for your second fantasy book. These must be chapter books, unless stated otherwise below. I have given suggestions for each genre below.
Please bookmark http://www.watchepisodes.com as our main domain, you will be redirected to our current site from that domain. (We change domains every month) It will allow you always stay at our real site, we have many copycats/impostors pretending as original watchepisodes.
West Texas preacher Jesse Custer, is inhabited by a mysterious entity that causes him to develop a highly unusual power. Jesse, his badass ex-girlfriend Tulip and an Irish vagabond named Cassidy come together, and when they do, they are thrust into a crazy world populated by a cast of characters from Heaven, Hell and everywhere in between.
Sometimes its boring, sometimes its interesting. They always save the mystery for the final three episodes and leave the rest all useless or minor to the big story line.
@catlady - Im only here for episode updates then move over to solarmov or tvzion .... 9 times out of 10 they work perfectly and dont have to browse through tons of broken links to find a crap quality or out of sync, pixelated copy. Only thing good about here now is an "episode tracker"
Why hasn't Season 2 episode 3 been uploaded yet? It has been out for a few days. You can see it here I tried to upload the link as an episode but it says only episode one of season 2 is out when 3 are
A bit strange but that's just how I like 'em! Takes a little time to comprehend and to like though, if you watch it, make sure you watch it all, it's quite good once all the puzzle pieces falls in place. -♥
I love it. Cass is just amazing and i laughed a lot for stupid creepy horror-y things. Just try it out. It's brilliant since the beginning and it gets better through the episodes !
Great show,a bit slow to start as it is mainly a prologue but a really intersting story with amusing and diverse characters
Not my kind of show and that's exactly whe I love it so much! It's unpredictable and wonderfully creepy*
I like this show.. it's different and that's what makes it so unique. Can't wait till the next episodes
Still sitting on the fence so far loving who they have for Jessy, Tulip and the vamp they are great actors for the roles abit confused with some characters that are not like in the comics and how the storyline has been changed fingers crossed it just gets better.
Finally a good show again, but sadly it looks like the majority of 'muricans rather watch paint dry. Lets hope the show wont get canned after season 1or even mid season, since the episodes 6-10 aren't even listed here.
This show is amazing. The only problem I noticed is the fact that you are only show 5 episodes, when the pilot was actually episode 0. there is another episode on the way.
love the show read the graphic novels of it and i liked them as well i love the vampire he makes me lol so much great show hope it gets a second and maybe more seasons after this one
OMG, new episode! Finally! Yes! I am thrilled! This is the greatest thing since the invention of toast!
It's a tv series!! it is supposed to be a little different than the comics.. if they did everything the same it'll wouldn't be as good like i already know whats going on in the comic... so far im loving this show and the characters are intresting <3
If you like this kind of stuff....I give it till episode 3 to start making sense. After that I am going to unfollow!
WTF? Did they even Read the Comics FFS? I realy would like they leave things be they arent able to do "right". Read the graphic novel leave this cheap copy be. Still i hope you might enjoy the series so much that you'll buy the comics but well another dissapointmenr in tv yay!
i feel like we saw too much info about the series that it didn't make me eager to see the next episode
He's my new idol... *___* He's everything I wanna be -hawwtt, psycho, evil, alien-possessed , and packs a good punch...
Just fucking christ. I'm in stiches after the pilot. If you are after some WTF moments and some good old laugh this show is for you. Dominic Cooper is nailing it and alot of credits to Joseph Gilgun for some hilarious out burst. I cannot recommand this enough.
Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown Season 12 Episode 7 NCIS: Los Angeles Season 10 Episode 7 One Piece Season 19 Episode 82 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Season 5 Episode 29 Ray Donovan Season 6 Episode 3 Madam Secretary Season 5 Episode 6 Family Guy Season 17 Episode 6 Marvel's Avengers Assemble Season 5 Episode 9 Supergirl Season 4 Episode 5 Criminal Minds Season 14 Episode 12 America's Funniest Home Videos Season 29 Episode 7 Magnifica 70 Season 3 Episode 5 YOU Season 1 Episode 10 Outlander Season 4 Episode 2 God Friended Me Season 1 Episode 7
it's just so GREAT!!!!! it makes you wanna do the shuffle it's so COOL and all you haters F you because this song is amazing i highly suggest you by this you will thank me for it!!!!!!!!!! : D
Finally my latest album "Memories" is online at many webstores as Amazon, ITunes and etc. This album is like a retrospection of my last albums! I hope that you will like it!
I put a new web counter at my website! Starting today - 25th of June, 2014 at: 000001 I`ll be thrilled seeing more and more hits :)
20 Projects and over 300 songs, Great hopes and memories! Thanks to all who was with me trough the Years! And to all I worked with!
Enter at the UK Songwriting Contest, 2011 Results and look for the song "Beyond The Victory". This is my first song with Barbara Hills ! Enter song title or writers' surname: ... Get Results and then Get Certificate.
After "Back to The Lab" a new idea is born! A project in "Music For Feelings" & "Earth, Our Planet !" style. The first song is ready! The name of the new song is "Grief" . This project will collect many feelings from the past!
Watch out for Jam On It 7 (press on it) , 28, 29, 30th of September Smolyan, 1st of October - Plovdiv, 2nd of October - Sofia !!!
The first real album after countless promices of numerous producers LIGHT "Deep in my Soul" LP,Thanks to Andre Kroenert . Here is info (press on it) about the project.This album unites two of my projects "Dark Piano In My Soul" and "My Love" !
Project:"Dark Piano In My Soul"is allready complete ! Another two projects are began ! Live music , jazz and funk semplez ! You can listen some cutz from the new projects in Project (press on it)
DA ELEMENTZ Pt.2 "Old Timez" just see...da phat iz commin`!!! 6 hours outside and 6 hours in the disko non- stopin`,this was the last year......this year we can MORE!!! (comming soon)
Fluid, air, gas and product filtration services for the wine, beverage, food, pharmaceutical, healthcare, resources, industrial, and automotive industries.
It really is about time. I’m making time for blogging – probably a lot about Magento, some about travels, some about music, and some about the miscellany that make life wonderful (or at the very least, interesting).
I’ve been thinking quite a lot about how I spend my time these days. I’ve spent a good bit of time on the road over the past few years (over 200,000 miles in air travel alone across three continents), mostly to conduct trainings for Magento U, but also to speak and teach at conferences. Most of the classroom time – more than 1500 hours as of 4/2014 – has been spent delivering the Magento U Fundamentals of Magento Development course. I love it. I’ve taught it 35 times, I always learn from it, and I get such a kick out of helping others find their way (and their opportunity) in the world of Magento development. I have so much fun and see so many places that when I talk about it I am often asked, “How do I get your job?!?” To answer that I have to jump back through time to start at the beginning.
I accidentally stumbled into programming eleven years ago. Since then several things have fallen into place to get me to where I am today. Standing out among all of the deliberate acts and happenstance is a moment five and a half years ago in 2008. I sent a slightly cryptic but thoroughly awesome cover letter to Kevin Eichelberger. That letter – which in retrospect was nothing short of ridiculous – somehow led to my becoming employee #1 at Blue Acorn, an agency which has grown to become one of the best in the Magento and eCommerce worlds. Kevin gave me time and resources to learn Magento, a fledgling eCommerce app and framework with little documentation. With Kevin’s assistance and approval I parlayed this time and experience into a consulting and teaching role for the Magento U organization. Thus, time spent in my IDE turned into time on the road. (Bonus: time on the road turns into hotel and air travel points, and these turn into vacations with the proud, patient woman in my life.)
I spent my time off the road infusing my growing knowledge back into the Blue Acorn organization, which was in the process of growing to its current population of more than 60 employees. Most of the people I’ve interviewed, hired, or worked with over the years are still at Blue Acorn. It’s amazing to watch Kevin’s six-year-old vision writ large and real. It is equally amazing to see so many of my coworkers grow in their craft and their knowledge. I watch new developers enter the organization and know that they have a place to learn and grow well into the future. Time spent at Blue Acorn is time well spent.
That said, when I am sated, that satiety is often short-lived. These five and a half years at Blue Acorn have been the most significant in my progression as a developer and as a member of the Magento community. My time at work, whether at a desk in Charleston or on the road, has taught me how kind and giving people everywhere are, whether they share knowledge, effort, opportunity, or all of these. I’ve learned so much from so many. It is because of my growth, progression, connection, and because of the level of excellence and stability at Blue Acorn that I recently broached a difficult topic with Kevin. I’ve realized that a new time has arrived: the time for me to move on.
I have spent the best time that I can with Blue Acorn, but right now my best-spent time is behind me. I have to challenge myself to do something different, to do something more. While it is perhaps the most mature, forward-looking realization I have ever had, it is definitely the most terrifying decision I’ve ever made. Credit to my subtle sage of a wife who pointed out that well-considered fear is both an indicator and motivator for proper growth and change. Complacency ultimately begets mediocrity. Mediocrity is an insidious vehicle to a state of misery. Credit also to Kevin and to Blue Acorn for graciously and selflessly accommodating my decision.
To my friends and colleagues: I will remain involved in the Magento and eCommerce worlds. I will definitely be at Magento Imagine for all the festivities (#LasVegas5k #MageRun, #ImagineHackathon, #PreImagine, and of course the conference). I’ll still be tweeting the tweets, exchanging the Magento stacks, and working on the Grokking Magento book series, I know what’s coming next, just as I know that it will take some time for me to build it up and for me to build up to it. Stay tuned.
Meri Puensum, established in 1999, is one of the first resorts to come up in the serene and culture-rich valley of Punakha. Run by a family, the resort takes special care to attend to the needs of its guests in the true tradition of Bhutanese hospitality. We attach immense importance to the comfort and safety of our guests and making their stay a satisfying experience. While with us, our guests are very much a part of our family. We wish each and every guest a very comfortable and happy stay with us, and a very memorable trip in the Kingdom of Bhutan.
Really appreciate YANA's professional organization of the entire trip. Could not imagine how a trekking trip could such be well organized - more or less like a 5-star hotel with the only difference of we were at more than 3,000 above sea level. Special thanks to Yeshey and the chef who had given tons of assistance when I was descending due to attitude sickness. - Simon Liu, Hong Kong
buy pure shea butter uk raw from ghana and black soap company wholesale retail cantu,wholesale unrefined butter oil g fat base buy pure shea uk organic canada raw,wholesale shea butter from ghana raw uk buy industries unrefined soap base,tamale northern region skin care buy raw shea butter uk wholesale near me in philadelphia,wholesale butter cocoa oils amp more buy unrefined shea uk direct from ghana,buy shea butter uk authentic oat body organic canada wholesale near me,buy shea butter from ghana sugar cane butters green spa wholesale products where to soap base philippines organic canada,wholesale organic shea butter canada social enterprises for beauty products buy,buy cantu shea butter uk unrefined wholesale verbena gift bag soaps,wholesale shea butter in philadelphia buy canada pure uk.
One necessary component to train entrepreneurs is coaching. Even as you think about your own business career, most likely, someone with some specific training or experience helped you as you grew. BDC Rwanda is committed to providing coaching to every entrepreneur that comes through the training, so they can also profit from others successes and failures.
There are two options for coaching: onsite or online. Onsite coaches can be experienced executives who live in Kigali or visiting coaches who can spend one week with students and alumni. Onsite coaches can also visit the local businesses of current students and alumni. Online coaches can provide expert advice and coaching through emails and internet phone calls.
I love fashion so it is one of my many interest. I love meeting new people, because it is a lot of fun.
Hey! My name is Derrick, born and raised in Baltimore, MD. I have been a photographer for almost 3 years and I love everything about photography. I am based in Mooresville, NC. Keep in mind that I am hearing impaired (Deaf). I am so thankful that I have the ability to communicate with my voice clearly and I am able to hear well with my hearing aids. Most importantly, don't be afraid to communicate and share your ideas with me! You will find me easy to work with, very welcoming, fun, goal-driven, open-minded, flexible, funny, and professional. Yes, I am fluent in American Sign Language (ASL). Most people always ask me for bad words in sign language, lol.
My goal is to build a professional portfolio. I want to do something different, odd, conceptual, artistic, inspire, creative and so on. Believe me, I know exactly what I want and of course, I am open to your ideas as well! Most will be on-location and some will be indoor photo shoot.
I look forward to travel and work with models, photographers, makeup artists, hair stylists, and clothing designers from all over the world! Please let me know if you need a photographer at the runway, fashion show, pageant and/or any events.
Hit me up if you're interested in working with me, we can meet and discuss more in person at Barnes & Noble or Buffalo Wild Wings or SweetFrog, at least one week prior the shoot. Please feel free to send me a message if you have any further questions. Let's make it happen! Thank you for checking my portfolio and I look forward to work with you!
Off the track on your voyage through Jaipur you can wind through the Aravali Mountains to investigate the ridge strongholds of Nahargarh and Jaigarh. I finally got it along side and it was the biggest Mahi I d seen.
The terms and conditions under which staff are employed vary widely in developing countries and in many cases they are employed on finding hookers in fort worth casual basis with no formal contracts or even letters of appointment.
Nastya Kanash - numerous background check orders - confirmed scam artist. Beyond the power struggle, you graduate in the Transformation Stage - but only if you decide to do the inner work required. Love can and does include some obsessive feelings for another person.
New music project. Anecdotal evidence provides that numerous couples and friends have met through the site. The good thing about it, how to meet a girl in mysen, he says, is that finishing one or two tasks pushes you to finish the rest of the tasks in the day.
The drill for tonight is two fund-raisers at Daniel, to be followed by an even more intimate sit-down dinner at Spike Lee's house, before the motorcade heads uptown to the Apollo, in Harlem, where Barack Obama once lived in a ratty student apartment, less than 50 blocks but light-years away from the perfumed dining room where he is answering questions and posing for pictures and name-checking Ralph Ellison and Saul Bellow.
As the skin grows in the scab will crack and bleed. Within the first month find women in toledo (oh) dating, he told me he was falling in love with me and so was I. So he called me up and sent me the records Ziggy and Aladdin Sane and told me to learn this and that.
Boise, ID Age 41 Sex Female magicspellz. Porn Star First Lady, Deal with It. How much would it be to get a replica of my mom's breasts tattoed on my chest with the words, Fuck me tender, Mother. And your time is valuable, how to find a dominant woman in jersey city submissive males guide. Search Kansas marriage records filed between 1840 and 1935.
Clementi picked up with the second series and continued as below. But even more than that, no one can make you do something you don t want to do.
I have to tell you that most of Bulgarian girls have light to dark brown hairs. You might have a hard time finding suitable matches if you re only going to search within your local area.
The Saint Jozef Building at the Caritas Psychiatrc Centre gets an unexpected second life as monumental outdoor space. Architecten De Smet Vermeulen, Architecten De Vylder Vinck Taillieu and noAarchitecten were asked to make a proposal in a limited invitation to tender. In the following we shortly describe the proposals presented by the three offices (June 2015) and discuss the very different but equally relevant impact on the ambitions of the project definition.
The history is remarkable (see Psyche 27/1, March 2015). The stately Sint-Jozef building in the heart of the campus was under demolition. In the meantime, a vision has been developed within working groups bringing together psychiatrists, management, staff and patients discussing the ‘Psychiatric Centre of the Future’. Many ideas on the general layout of the campus, formulated within the working groups, turned out to wonderfully fit the existing building. Halfway the process, the demolition got delayed as a result of asbestos removal. The break was the little help needed for the management to gather courage and halt the demolition definitively.
In the working groups a new project definition was formed as a collage of desires. For example, Sint-Jozef was described as a monumental outdoor space that serves as a central meeting place, a rambla to stroll around, a hideout, a lookout, a wishing wall, an in-between space, a sitting area to smoke a cigarette and so much more. The expectation was that the creation of a space with no specific therapeutic use, would nevertheless have a therapeutic effect on the well-being of the patient. And, an equally effect on the working spirit of the staff and the desire of family and friends to visit the patients.
Finally, the building was named Kanunnik Petrus Jozef Triest Square - in short: Joseph. The participation of psychiatrists, management, staff and patients gave an innovative meaning to the hollow and often abused fashion word of ‘healing environment’. Below we describe how the three design sketches bend the unusual project definition and bridge, each in their own way, the spatial environment and care context.
The design proposal by De Smet Vermeulen architecten stems from an ambition to let the image of hope prevail over decay. Instead of deliberately staging a ruin, the west wing of Sint-Jozef is converted into a closed-off, detached villa with mansard roof. Other parts of the building are removed, leaving only few traces on the ground level and reusing the building lines. As such the loggia in the central part of the Sint-Jozef building is converted into a pergola next to a memorial pond in which a motif from the original building – the crow-stepped gable – is integrated. The building’s east wing serves as the foundation for a huge greenhouse conceived as a workshop space.
A second aim is to convert the Sint-Jozef building into what they defined as a ‘verkleinde wereld’ (‘reduced world’) with clearly defined and programmed entities. The design proposal shows a tri-partition – villa, pergola, greenhouse – in which each part differs from the other in terms of both form and future use. The western wing, now transformed into a detached villa, provides several workshop spaces to be used as part of the therapeutic process, in connection with a studio for an artist in residence. Patients are given access to the villa with a key plan. The greenhouse is presented as a huge workshop space.
Lastly, the idea is to present the requested monumental outdoor space as a building cum water garden and greenhouse that both dissolves in the backdrop of the psychiatric centre and sticks out as a mysterious, mute villa that emerges from the busy hospital surroundings. A few lines are extended from the meeting square over the campus towards the restaurant. In this area, a swampy zone is suggested that fits within the existing path structure.
The design proposal by architecten de vylder vinck taillieu keeps the Sint-Jozef building in its current state of partial demolition. Traces of destruction are carefully restored with contrasting materials, making the stiches visible as such. The building is opened up as a complex void with varying degrees of accessibility, light, transparency, closeness, nature, collectivity, etc. Seemingly at random dividing walls are perforated and even lifted from the ground. Floor partitions are partly removed and enable vertical sightlines from ground floor to attic. The roof is removed but the timber frame structure retained. Plants and trees are scattered in the interior, turning the building inside out.
The resulting network of enclosed outdoor spaces provides a surplus of space that can be freely used and appropriated by anyone. One of the few additions is the mirroring of the porch from the front façade to the rear. Also, all windows on the ground level are opened up to function as door gates. The modest interventions create a maximum effect in repositioning Sint-Jozef as the main building in the centre. The transformed building appears to have multiple front façades, making the square accessible from all sides – especially from the adjacent Jericho building (at that time housing the psychogeriatric department) and the Wasserij (an empty building that would function as a cultural centre in the future). At the same time, the transformed building organizes a 360° view from the building to the environment.
The general aim is to postpone as long as possible the decay of Sint-Jozef and to keep track of the decomposition process. For this reason the building is stripped of all organic material, leaving the brickwork visible and unfinished. Wood decay is prevented by leaving the timber work bare. The building structure is kept intact insofar as possible, avoiding irreversible interventions that put a mortgage on the future of the building. It means that the complex can easily be adapted according to the changing needs and desires in the psychiatric centre.
The design proposal by noAarchitecten presents the Sint-Jozef building as a folly in the heart of the psychiatric campus. The building’s two transversal wings are kept intact. In the central section, only the front and rear façades are preserved, while the glass windows are removed and the cornice is irregularly finished. The roof and timber work are taken out. In the central part of the building, the interior is transformed into an enclosed garden with high trees and exotic plants.
The aim with the Sint-Jozef Plein is to provide a different, mental space where patients can retreat from the daily business in the psychiatric centre. The Arcadian garden combines tall trees with room for a herb and experience garden. The suspended bridge connects the building’s west and east wings and creates an opportunity to have a view above the treetops. In the side wings of the building, various intimate rooms are organized, such as a piano room and a sitting room.
In the proposal, the requested space for common activities is strategically kept unanswered. The idea is to organize festivities and gatherings on the lawn in front of Sint-Jozef and the surrounding building, for example in the empty Wasserij. Evacuating the public activities means that the Jozef Plein can be kept as a retreat. At the same time, the ruined structure can function as landmark even more than before. The architects note that in the historical ground plan, the pavilions are asymmetrically organized and together form a curious, layered scenery that invites patients to linger.
Published in the Psyche Quarterly Magazine of the Flemish Association for Mental Health, Psyche 28 (2), June 2016 (original in Dutch)
The next meeting of the Board of Directors of the San Francisco Bay Area Water Emergency Transportation Authority will be held on Thursday, April 5, 2012 at 1:00 p.m. at the WETA offices located at Pier 9, Suite 111 on The Embarcadero in San Francisco, CA.
The meeting agenda is now available for download on our Board of Directors page at www.watertransit.org.
For Ross Koda, rice isn't just a crop—it's a longtime family tradition. Ross and his sister specialize in growing, milling and marketing an heirloom rice variety their forefathers developed, proving the adage that what's old is new again.
And change, risk and success are all words that have been used to tell the story of Koda Farms. Located in South Dos Palos, in Merced County, it is a multigenerational family rice farm and mill run by siblings Ross and Robin Koda. Together, the brother and sister continue the legacy set forth for them generations before.
It started in 1908, when Ross and Robin's grandfather, Keisaburo Koda, moved from Japan to America with a simple dream of earning a decent living.
After testing a few occupations, Keisaburo settled in 1928 on rice farming and bought a small parcel of land in the San Joaquin Valley.
Once dawn breaks and the rice straw is dry enough, Silvano Esparza is hard at work harvesting rice at the farm run by siblings Ross and Robin Koda.
"He chose this area rather than the Sacramento Valley, where most of the rice production was taking place, because they were converting a lot of land used for cattle production here and he knew he could get a fair price," Ross said. "It was a risky move because he wasn't sure if he could even grow rice here, but it paid off."
Thanks to Keisaburo's pioneering techniques, like aerial seeding and installing a modern dryer and mill to process the crop onsite, the rice farm quickly grew—and his successes earned him the nickname "Rice King" among Japanese-Americans.
But in 1942, along with tens of thousands of others, Keisaburo and his family experienced a monumental setback. That year, President Franklin Roosevelt authorized the mass incarceration of West Coast Japanese-Americans during World War II, and the Kodas spent the next several years in a Colorado internment camp.
When they returned to their farm, the family found their facilities had been stripped down and everything—land, buildings and equipment—sold off. Keisaburo was heartbroken, yet determined to make life better for his family and his fellow countrymen. He became active in the Asian-American community, while entrusting the farming operation to sons Edward and William.
The sons, with their father acting as counsel, worked hard to restore the farm to its original glory by gradually repurchasing land and building another processing facility a quarter mile from their original homestead. They even managed to improve upon the farm's former success by tapping into an unfilled market niche for sweet rice. While most of the rice produced in California is of the medium grain variety, sweet rice—also called sticky rice—is a short grain variety grown primarily in Asian countries.
"My family always had a very entrepreneurial spirit," Ross said. "If they couldn't get into a market, they'd make their own market like they did with the sweet rice."
Ricardo Camarena, left, and Ross Koda inspect a bin of freshly harvested rice at the same mill building that has been in the family since the 1920s. Despite its lower yield and longer growing season, the Kodas said it is worth the effort to keep harvesting and packaging the Kokuho Rose variety.
About 10 years later, the family enjoyed another success when they established a rice-breeding program that resulted in a unique variety of rice that Keisaburo named Kokuho Rose. (Kokuho translates in Japanese to "treasure of the country.") This medium grain rice is a cross between a Cal Pearl California and a Middle Eastern variety.
Kokuho Rose is now an heirloom variety because it has been produced for more than 50 years. But growing it involves some risks. Compared to new varieties of rice, Kokuho Rose is low yielding (less rice per acre), slow to mature (longer growing season) and tall in stature (more difficult to harvest). It takes a three-year commitment just to produce the seed.
Despite those difficulties, the Kodas' Kokuho Rose has emerged a customer favorite and remains their farm's signature product. It is popular among Japanese-Americans and is also used in everything from Italian risotto to Spanish paella. In fact, it is the trademark and property of the Koda family business, which alone produces the pure strain of this specific variety.
"In general, the Kokuho variety is usually grown more for flavor than for yield," Ross said. "But we have a special place in our hearts for it, mainly because our grandfather loved and believed in it so much, so we've always been determined to find a market for it."
Ross and Robin Koda now farm more than 4,000 acres of both conventional and organic rice on their farm. While they concentrate primarily on the heirloom Kokuho Rose variety, producing both the original brown rice varietal as well as a premium sushi rice varietal, they still produce the sweet rice their father Edward and uncle William started on the farm. Their Sho-Chiku-Bai Sweet Rice has gained favor with a diverse array of ethnic groups and is used in everything from Chinese dim sum to Korean confections to traditional rice puddings. In recent years, Ross and Robin added basmati rice to the farming operation. And because they have a mill onsite, they also produce several varieties of rice flours that have become particularly popular as gluten-free substitutes.
Koda Farms is considered the oldest, continuously family-owned and -operated rice farm and mill in California. It is one of the few fully integrated rice farms in the state—meaning it includes harvesting, milling and packaging onsite. The Kodas sell their rice online (www.kodafarms.com), at the farm and at several specialty stores across California. In addition, they have found new markets for their heirloom rice through one-on-one interaction and education with customers, such as Robin does weekly at the Alemany Farmers' Market in San Francisco.
M Café President Yuta Tsunoda uses Koda Rice at his L.A.-area restaurants in a variety of dishes—from sushi to the Big Macro Veggie Burger.
"We like direct marketing because it gives you more control over how your product is presented," she explained. "And for us, since this is an extremely specialized strain of rice, we feel very passionate about telling the story correctly."
They are also able to tell their story through partnerships such as the one forged with the M Café restaurants in the Los Angeles area (www.mcafedechaya.com). The cuisine is based on a macrobiotic diet, which stresses whole, natural foods eaten in season and as minimally processed as possible. Opened in 2005, M Café has achieved status among its patrons as the best place to get greens and grains, and Yuta Tsunoda, president of M Café, acknowledged that he couldn't have opened this type of restaurant without the Kodas and their heirloom rice.
"We have researched a lot of different organic rice, but the Koda Farms rice is absolutely amazing. It's all we use," Tsunoda said. "It's the only brand I know that's organic and heirloom—and the taste is absolutely amazing."
Up to 40 percent of the cuisine at M Café is based strictly on Koda Farms rice, including sushi, rice bowls, rice pudding and the Big Macro Veggie Burger.
"They're extremely discerning in the products they use," Robin said. "They were going to source their brown rice from Japan, but then they found us and decided it met their standards. In a macrobiotic cuisine, brown rice is the primary carbohydrate and people who follow a macrobiotic diet are very, very picky about their brown rice."
Despite the risks inherent to agriculture, the one thing siblings Ross and Robin don't plan on changing is their dedication to the family farm. For them, success relies on each grain of rice.
"It's all part of the tie of staying here and keeping the family farm going," Ross said. "It's also the challenge of keeping the family business together. There's a lot of history behind it and a lot of responsibility to keep it going."
"There are always things you can change or improve on," Robin added. "My dad did things a little differently than my grandfather and we're doing things a little differently than my dad. But we all have the same goal—to promote and preserve this heirloom rice."
Tracy Sellers is a reporter for California Country. She can be reached at 800-698-FARM or tsellers@californiacountry.org.
Here are Robin Koda's two favorite ways to cook her family's rice. She prefers the rice cooker method. Presoaking and multiple resting periods result in light, evenly cooked rice. Allow 1 to 1 1/2 hours to finish the rice, depending on your rice cooker. She also prefers to use purified water, but said tap water is fine.
Rinse desired amount of rice (measured with cup supplied with cooker). Soak rice in purified water for 20 minutes; drain. Place in cooker; add purified water to the corresponding measurement line. Start cooker. After the appliance completes its cooking cycle, unplug it. (Depending on the individual cooker and amount of rice, this ranges anywhere from 25 to 40 minutes.) Do not open the lid. Let rest 15 to 30 minutes. Gently fluff with a fork. Close lid; let rest 5 to 10 minutes more. Makes 2 cups.
Rinse 1 cup rice and then soak in purified water for 30 minutes; drain. Combine rice with 1 3/4 cups water in a medium, heavy-bottomed saucepan. (A nonstick pan with a tight-fitting glass lid is best.) Bring to a boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer gently for 35 to 40 minutes or until water is absorbed. (The rice will look moist and the contents will still be bubbling a bit.) Remove from heat and let rest 15 to 30 minutes. Gently fluff with a fork. Cover; let rest 10 minutes more. Makes 2 cups.
Note: The rest periods are essential because they aid in the development of an overall uniform texture.
© 2015 California Bountiful Foundation and California Farm Bureau Federation. All rights reserved. Read our legal notice.
I’ve cheated on things all my life: tests, boyfriends, taxes – and now I’m a cheating wife in a cuckold relationship, and having the time of my life! So of course I love talking about my lifestyle with my cuckold phone sex callers and hearing their cheating wife stories.
My husband’s quite a bit older than me – but even if he wasn’t, he understands that he has a hot wife that loves big black cock and one man would never be enough for me.
He says he loves me, so indulges me – but personally I think he loves being a cuckold husband. He gets harder watching his wife sucking and fucking a big black cock than he does at any other time!
Besides getting all the BBC I want, I enjoy being watched and knowing that my cuck husband is getting off to watching my pussy being stretched wide by some black bull. I always save the cream pie for him. He does love dessert. 😉
If you are aroused by the thought of cheating wives and their black cock lovers – call me for cuckold phonesex. I love sharing! 😉
Posted in Cuckold Phone Sex	| Tagged cheating wife, cheating wife stories, cheating wives, cuck husband, cuckold husband, cuckold phone sex, cuckold phonesex
This site contains sexually explicit material, and may only be viewed by adults 18 years of age or older (or the legal age in your jurisdiction). If you are not 18 years of age or older, Exit Now.
When the girl you called isn't available, your call will be forwarded to the 24/7 phone sex line where you can speak with one of our many sexy friends.
This phone sex mommy doesn’t spank. I think bad little boys need a good butt fucking by mommy instead. Just ask my adult baby phone sex callers! Continue reading →
Do you remember when you were a little boy? Mommy was so fascinating and sexy. You can revisit all that with mom and son phone sex anytime you like. With mom and son phone sex you can tell me all … Continue reading →
Are you ready for Mommy Debra, because this hot MILF is so ready for busty mom phone sex with you! Voluptuous and hot, this horny mom likes to get very nasty. Mommy incest phone sex, mom does son, mom and … Continue reading →
I am a loving mommy who knows how to take care of adult babies of all ages – baby boys, toddlers, or even those a bit older. I know what adult baby phone sex callers want and I love providing … Continue reading →
I often get requests from bad boyz who want to be humiliated by mommy. Something about humiliating mommy phone sex gets their little cocks throbbing.
I didn’t set out to be one of those cheating wives; it just worked out that way. But what better person to do cheating wife phone sex, than cheating wife? Continue reading →
Looking for cheating wife phone sex? Do wife sharing fantasies give you wood? Maybe watching as your wife tied spread eagle gets fucked over and over by huge black cocks gets you off? I bet it does! I am a … Continue reading →
When you think about cheating wife phone sex, you expect to talk to a real life cheating wife. With me, that is exactly what you will get! When my husband took a job out of town for a few weeks, … Continue reading →
Can’t satisfy your woman? Why not? Ah yes I see. Of course that teenie weenie can’t do it. That’s why you have to call me for little dick humiliation phone sex. The last time you took a girl out and … Continue reading →
One of things I love most about interracial cuckold phone sex is when a cuck husband calls me with their black cuckold stories of woe, ‘My wife moved in her big black boyfriend. She lets him sleep in our bed … Continue reading →
Who loves you the most? Mommy does, of course! Mommy loves all her boys, no matter how big they get. And boys have a special place in their hearts (and cocks) for mommy. That’s why hot mommy phone sex is so popular.
Some boys love to entertain the thought of a hot mom catching them jerking off, and offering a helping hand. What mommy could resist the urge to offer mommy sex once she catches a glimpse of her son’s rock hard cock?
Others prefer to be the seducer. They catch mommy when she’s feeling the most vulnerable. Her son is there to comfort their sexy mommy and mommy son sex makes her feel wanted and special. Some even want to impregnate mommy – putting their little brother or sister in mommy’s tummy.
But that’s just the older boys. Mommy’s babies require other types of attention. They need to be loved, cuddled, nurse at mommy’s full breasts, and have mommy fondle their little pee-pees. This phone sex mommy knows how to make her babies feel loved.
Regardless of the age of her boys, this incest mommy knows how to care for them. Hot mom phone sex with a naughty mom is just what you need. Mommy sex will make it feel all better. 😉
The Employee Assistance Program provides a wide variety of services for employees and family dependents (including domestic partners). The services are oriented toward helping individuals and families cope with the day-to-day "problems of living." However, the capabilities are in place to respond to serious psychiatric, emotional, legal and financial crises. Services include outpatient counseling with licensed psychotherapists, legal assistance from licensed attorneys, financial counseling, access to participating hospitals, substance abuse treatment centers and outpatient clinics, referral services for social service agencies, self-help groups and health agencies and traumatic incident intervention. To contact HBA call: 1-800-937-7770 or complete a Request for Services Form on the website and fax it to HBA. The phone is answered 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. All faxed requests for services are completely confidential and are responded to on the first business day after their transmittal.
We love to learn how people use the call now button and how we can make it even better. Is it ok if we send you a product survey from time to time? Yes No
Welcome to the home of the Call Now Button – the button that makes it easier than ever for prospects to get in touch with you.
It does make sense if you think about it: if people are viewing your website on their mobile phone, why not take full advantage of that?
NOTE: The Call Now Button is only suitable for mobile optimized websites. So is your website responsive or do you have a special version of your site to cater for mobile visitors, than this button is for you!
Love the new look, and additional options! I was a little concerned about the size. On my note2 the button seemed kinda large. But the full bottom button is the perfect solution. Thanks for updating!
HI, I did sign up for this call button, but how do I know if I have a mobil enabled website? thank you!
We were trying to use the call me now button on a clients site and it suddenly went transparent on us. Any ideas? It was working just fine.
This is very strange. I just had a look at your site and there’s a hashtag missing in front of the color code. Did you manually change the code maybe? Try removing the plugin and reinstalling it again. That could possibly fix it. If not, let me know and I’ll give you instruction on how to fix the code yourself.
I put this on my site, but cannot see it on my cell phone..any reason? http://www.onlinepsychicadvisors.com Thanks!
Your website doesn’t seem to be optimized for mobile devices. This is a requirement for the plugin to function. You can check it here: http://callnowbutton.com/testmysite/ fill in your url and press Enter. If you need to use the horizontal scrollbar to make certain parts of your site visible it means that your phone isn’t suitable to use the Call Now Button.
hi. We’ve used your plug-in in the past–always works so well! But I think I missed something this time, I used orange for the background color but no phone icon is showing on my Samsung note…just an orange tab with no info. I am unable to find support info–so sorry to bother you. How do I repair? Thank you!
Can you put your site live somewhere so I can take a look? Just from your comment I have no idea what could be the problem.
I’m not sure that I understand your issue. If you can’t find a Settings menu inside your WordPress installation (which is standard in WordPress), it could be that your web designer has hidden this option. This is just a guess and doesn’t have to be the case at all. Maybe you could check installing and activating the plugin and then try to open this url: http://btcagroup.com.au/wp-admin/options-general.php?page=call-now-button
If that works, it could be that your settings are just hidden. Please note that that is unrelated to the call now button plugin.
On my iPhone 4 the responsive part of my site does not seem to recognize this plugin unless I setup a mobile redirect on my site. Is this coded to work on an iPhone 4? However, when I disable my mobile plugin, and use the site as responsive on an iPhone 5 mobile test site such as mobiletest.me it seems to work… any advice?
Responsive (or RWD) has nothing to do with the type of iPhone you’re using. It’s a CSS3 feature that any iPhone supports. For the Call Now button to work however, a website does need to be responsive – which isn’t the case for your site. To check if your site is responsive, open the Source Code and try to find a line that starts with meta name="viewport" generally it says something like this meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" . That is an absolute basic requirement for any site to become responsive. You’ll find that your website doesn’t have this. Also, open http://callnowbutton.com on your mobile and then open your own site. You’ll see that you have to scroll horizontally to see all of your site. That also means your website is not adjusting to the size of your screen.
Hope this makes sense. For the plugin to work, see if you can make your website responsive first and then activate the plugin again.
I would like to have an option for a smaller button, the button is too large on my 5″ device, and kinda hides other content.
Fantastic solution. Simple, clean and most of all, functional. I love it. Will you have one with e-mail as well? Split in 2 with the phone symbol and e-mail symbol, I guess just as an option as not everyone needs that. Thanks. Great work.
Hey, this looks like an amazing option. I am using a premium theme for the client’s business, and the theme is a little different than the general wordpress theme. I am having a hard time getting the plugin to work, would you be able to check it and see if anything is conflicting or stands out to you, thank you in advanced!
I’ve put Call Now Button on a few WP sites this morning and pleased to say it seems to be working great. It would be nice to be able to customise the phone icon, different phone shapes etc. to match the feel of a website (antique phone, retro phone, London phonebox etc.). I haven’t really looked into doing that yet but it could be fun.
is it possible to change the phone logo and add text like “Call for a Quote” or “Order Pizza” . just an idea thanks
Hello, I love the call now button. Since upgrading to IOS7, now when call now button pressed it offers multiple options, add to contacts, send message, call. The send message option does not work for a landline or national toll free number. Just thought I would share
Hi Hans, thanks for your comment. I’ve tested it on an iOS 7 device and I don’t see the multiple options appear that you mention. What browser (and version) are you using? I’ve checked it in Google Chrome and Safari but both seem fine to me.
Your website needs to be responsive for the button to appear on mobile phones. Responsive means that the site adapts to the size of the screen it is displayed on in stead of having to zoom in to certain parts to make it readable. Have a look at this site on your phone and you’ll see what I mean. Unfortunately this is not the case with your website.
I’m ecstatic to have found this button but I’ll continue to look for a ‘text now’ button. I’m a deaf business owner and this is how I handle communications.
Thanks for your message. I have been researching the ability to add this option to the plugin, but unfortunately iPhone and Android do not allow the browser to communicate with your text messaging app (probably for security reasons). So it is possible to launch the text messaging app, but without any pre-entered text and even without the contact phone number – which makes it rather useless. So as much as I would love to add this feature, at this time, it’s simply not possible.
Hi Marc, I’m afraid that that version of Android doesn’t properly support the tel: links. Callto: is for skype links so that wouldn’t resolve it.
When I resize my chrome window it works fine. When i view the page on a mobile device the call button bar freezes and scrolls up and down the screen. It doesn’t stay at the bottom of the screen as it is supposed to.
Jerry, Greeeeeaaaat plugin, love it! Works well and use it a lot and can’t wait to see more features. A couple I would like to see are to be able to add text and adjust the size of the button on right, left, and bottom (especially bottom).
I used this for one of my clients and it shows up on the test site here, but I can’t get it to show on my mobile phone. Any thoughts?
Great Plugin. It would be even better if we could change the text on the button. In the advance settings, we could change it to “Call to Reservations” Call for an Appointment” “Call Now” for example.
I love the idea of having a call now button on my website, however my template does not have a mobile version. Is there any way around it? My website address is http://www.amazingpaintingcompany.com
Hi, I have just tried your plug in, I am using a responsive website but the call me button doesn’t appear. Any thoughts on how I can get it to work? Many thanks.
I just wanted to say thanks for making such a handy plugin. Our transportation company has implemented your plugin on one of our websites, and plan to use it in the future.
One request I have is making an option to easily upload a customized button….or even being able to easily add text to the button with the phone icon.
Some of our customer, or potential customers, don’t realize they can tap it to call a cab. I feel like if we could type in something like, “Tap or Click to Call A Cab” we would see the button being used much more often.
Love the call now button. Would love it even more if it was smaller – like half the size (or if there were size options).
My site has a plugin, WPTouch Mobil that allows it to be viewed via mobile device. The plugin defaults to a specific landing page that I create in order to make this happen. Can I make this button work through this plugin?
Hi John, I know that plugin I’m not familiar with how it works so I can’t really help you here. Sorry.
Love the plug in, but was wondering if it would be possible to change the phone image to text saying “Call Now”?
Just wondering if you considered an option to select from multiple numbers? For example, our company has multiple locations.
Do you have the Call Now Button for Joomla responsive theme? If you will work on it, when will it be available? Thanks.
Hi Michael, I’ll have a look and see what I can do. In the meantime you can generate your code here and paste that in your site if you’re comfortable doing so.
First off, this is a great plugin! Thank you. I have google analytics tracking turned on but I can’t find the data in my analytics account. What section is it in and how do I find it? THANK YOU!!!
Second, in Opera Mini plugin doesn’t work properly – button moves with the scrolling. Can you help with this?
Thanks for bringing this up. Opera Mini is limited browser (hence it’s called mini). The basics work, but it’s missing loads of browser functionality which is present in today’s more common browsers such as Chrome. The Call Now Button relies for a large part on basic CSS 2 and 3 properties that are not supported by Opera Mini.
So unfortunately there’s not much I can do to fix this. In the next update I’ll make sure that the button doesn’t appear on Opera Mini browsers at all.
If you don’t mind, can you make another model of button, like circle on the right/left or across screen but little circle at the center?
Maybe the users don´t understand they´ll call to a whatsapp number. Maybe they think they´ll call by phone.
Minocycline is available in generic form or the branded formulation, Solodyn. The most-prescribed oral antibiotic acne medication for moderate to severe inflammatory acne like cystic acne, Solodyn is a minocycline like those mentioned above. However, it comes in an extended release formula that allows it to work to clear skin over the course of the day with just one daily dose.
Some skin advocates suggest foregoing this method. The pH of baking soda is 7.0, which is far too basic for skin's pH. Optimal skin pH occurs between 4.7 and 5.5, which is an inhospitable environment for p. acne (the bacteria responsible for causing most acne). By raising the pH to a more basic level, p. acne is able to survive longer and cause more infection and inflammation. So try this method with care, and stop using it if it's not effective for you.
Not that you needed an excuse to pop open a bottle of bubbly, but if a pimple should threaten to ruin your evening out, reach for the Champagne. Its tartaric acid (found in grapes) is said to not only ease acne, but also to contain anti-aging properties. So, soak up a cotton pad with your champs, and apply it to the infected area (it won’t hurt to rub it on your whole face, either). High-class problems? We’ll drink to that!
You can find it in many drugstore products—just take a peek at the label. Dermatologist Dendy Engelman, M.D. likes the Benzac line. "It's active ingredients are salicylic acid and East Indian Sandalwood oil—salicylic acid is a beta hydroxy acid that serves as a keratolytic agent (meaning it dissolves keratin). It unclogs pores by penetrating into the pore to dissolve dead skin cell accumulation and aids in shedding of the top layer of skin. East Indian sandalwood oil is a naturally occurring anti-inflammatory agent, which is new to the skin care scene. It soothes the skin and fights off inflammation that often accompanies breakouts."
"Put it this way: It is so common that pimples are meeting wrinkles," dermatologist Neal Schultz, M.D., creator of Beauty Rx Skincare, tells SELF. "For the last 10 to 20 years, adult acne has been increasing. It can even go into your 50s, right to menopause." If you had acne as a teen, chances are, you've got oily skin that's prone to breakouts. But even if you didn't, it's still possible you'll end up with adult acne.
Acne treatment that you apply to the skin: Most acne treatments are applied to the skin. Your dermatologist may call this topical treatment. There are many topical acne treatments. Some topicals help kill the bacteria. Others work on reducing the oil. The topical medicine may contain a retinoid, prescription-strength benzoyl peroxide, antibiotic, or even salicylic acid. Your dermatologist will determine what you need.
"Cortisone injections help treat painful acne flareups and are good for getting rid of it quickly. However, they should not be administered regularly," cautions Dr. Bank. "Cortisone shots contain an antiinflammatory steroid medication called triamcinolone, which helps reduce the swelling of a glaring pimple or cyst, normally within 24 to 48 hours."
What you can do differently: For starters, stop going to tanning beds. Period. And if you are in the sun, make sure to slather on a titanium dioxide- or zinc-based sunscreen (these are natural sun protectants and their formulations usually contain fewer chemicals, so they won't break you out as easily), and wear a sun hat or ball cap to shield your facial skin from harsh rays.
Doctors infrequently prescribe isotretinoin for severe and resistant rosacea. Often physicians prescribe it after multiple other therapies have been tried for some time and have failed. Patients take a daily capsule of istotretinoin for four to six months. Typically, isotretinoin is most commonly used in the treatment of severe, common acne called acne vulgaris. Close physician monitoring and blood testing are necessary while on isotretinoin. Generally, at least two forms of birth control are required for females using this medication, as pregnancy is absolutely contraindicated while on isotretinoin.
Comedo (whiteheads or blackheads) or papules. The comedo is the basic acne lesion, which is a plugged pore. If the plugged pore stays under the skin, it's called a closed comedo and forms a white bump or whitehead. Blackheads are comedos that open up and appear blackish on the surface of the skin. This black color is not due to dirt, but because the air reacts with the excess oil.
The nose is typically one of the first facial areas affected in rosacea. It can become red and bumpy and develop noticeable dilated small blood vessels. Left untreated, advanced stages of rosacea can cause a disfiguring nose condition called rhinophyma (ryno-fy-ma), literally growth of the nose, characterized by a bulbous, enlarged red nose and puffy cheeks (like the classic comedian W.C. Fields). There may also be thick bumps on the lower half of the nose and the nearby cheek areas. Rhinophyma occurs mainly in men. Severe rhinophyma can require surgical correction and repair.
Regular foundation can help smooth your skin and even out skin tone. Using the best foundation for acne prone skin can also provide much needed emotional boost from looking your best.. After cleansing and moisturizing, use a foundation designed for combination or oily skin to prevent acne. Make sure that it is labeled "non-acnegenic" and "non-comedogenic."
Acne scar treatment: Injections of steroids can flatten keloid scars, according to Dr. Elbuluk. When they are discolored or red, there is some active inflammation in the skin. “The goal is to make the inflammation go away,” she says, “and certain lasers, such as pulsed dye laser, can improve any discoloration by targeting blood vessels.” Cryosurgery freezes the scar tissue, causing it to slough off, but this can cause pigmentation problems of its own among people with darker skin, who are already at higher risk for keloids. Prevention has an important role to play for anyone who is prone to keloids, she says. Using a scar-minimizing treatment like Mederma and/or silicone gel scar sheets before scars form can help stave off a keloid. Vitamin C serums such as Kiehl’s ‘Clearly Corrective’ Dark Spot Solution, Perricone MD Vitamin C Ester Serum, Skinceuticals C E FERULIC® vitamin C serum, or Kiss My Face C The Change (Ester C Serum) can also reduce pigmentation around a keloid scar.
No one factor causes acne. Acne occurs when sebaceous (oil) glands attached to the hair follicles are stimulated at the time of puberty or due to other hormonal changes. Sebum (oil) is a natural substance that lubricates and protects the skin. Associated with increased oil production is a change in the manner in which the skin cells mature, predisposing them to plug the follicular pore. The plug can appear as a whitehead if it is covered by a thin layer of skin, or if exposed to the air, the darker exposed portion of the plug is called a "blackhead." The plugged hair follicle gradually enlarges, producing a bump. As the follicle enlarges, the wall may rupture, allowing irritating substances and normal skin bacteria access into the deeper layers of the skin, ultimately producing inflammation. Inflammation near the skin's surface produces a pustule; deeper inflammation results in a papule (pimple); if the inflammation is deeper still, it forms a cyst.
The best way to fix them: Since they're more closely related to bacteria than your hormones or a lack of exfoliation, papular pustules require a different plan of attack entirely. "Inflammatory acne types really respond to antibiotics, either topical or systemic," says Dr. Hale. These, of course, require a trip to your dermatologist. To tide you over, you could also try applying hydrocortisone cream, which temporarily takes down redness and swelling. But in the long run, it won't do much to make these disappear completely or keep them from popping up again.
There’s no quick fix for acne. Medicines don't work overnight. Many treatments take weeks of daily use before your skin improves. Some acne may take up to 6 months to clear up. Afterward, basic skin care -- bathing daily and washing your face and hands with mild soap -- may not be enough. You may need to keep using your medicine even when your skin clears. Follow your doctor’s directions. Don’t use too much or too little.
Like microneedling, fractionated skin resurfacing sends skin a signal to respond to damage. Specifically, microscopic columns of injury are created causing minute perforations in the treatment area, while leaving healthy surrounding tissue intact and untouched. "The specific zones of injury trigger the patient's natural neocollagenesis (collagen rebuilding process)," explains Engelman, who characterizes the treatment as both revolutionary and non-invasive. This new collagen rejuvenates the skin and improves its appearance. "Improvements continue over time (up to six months post-procedure) as new collagen continues to rebuild," she says.
You can apply all the topicals you want, but unfortunately, most treatments you'll find at the drugstore won't help with acne scars, Hellman says. However, she notes that derma rollers (at-home microneedling devices) may help with acne scarring. If you're on a tight budget, that should be your first stop. You can get one on Amazon for less than $20. (Use yours once a week followed by a Vitamin C serum for best results—here's how to pick the best ones.)
Light treatments: Recent years have brought reports of success in treating acne using special lights and similar devices, alone or in conjunction with photosensitizing dyes. It appears that these treatments are safe and can be effective, but it is not clear that their success is lasting. At this point, laser treatment of acne is best thought of as an adjunct to conventional therapy, rather than as a substitute.
Isotretinoin (previously known as Accutane) is the most effective form of acne therapy and the only one that can actually result in a cure for your acne. After finishing a course 80% of people never see acne again. It works so well because it unclogs pores, kills bacteria, reduces oil production and reduces inflammation. It is taken as a daily pill. Isotretinoin has numerous rare and potential side effects that has made it a controversial choice, but for patients with severe acne there is often no other option. Patients taking isotretinoin must also be on highly effective birth control as the drug can cause birth defects. Isotretinoin can only be taken under close medical supervision.
Old marks still sticking around take patience and consistency to treat. One way to even out skin tone over time is with regular exfoliating. "[Exfoliating] is important in treating acne scars at home as it lifts dead skin and allows new skin to grow and proliferate," Dr. Moy explains. This exfoliator contains papaya enzymes to break down dead skin cells and microderm crystals to buff away acne scars. Aloe vera, coconut, and vitamins E and B nourish the skin simultaneously.
Our second primary treatment, the Icon Laser, offers patients the best results for smoother skin. Laser therapy breaks up the scar with laser light. It punches holes in the collagen without ever piercing the skin. Because it doesn’t break the skin, recovery tends to be quicker after this treatment. Also, lasers penetrate deep into the skin causing long-lasting results.
Smoking, spicy foods, hot drinks, and alcohol may cause flushing and should be avoided. Exposure to sunlight and to extreme hot and cold temperatures should be limited as much as possible. Red wine and chocolate are two well-known rosacea triggers. Some listed foods may have no effect on one patient's rosacea but severely affect someone else. Individual reaction patterns vary greatly in rosacea. Therefore, a food diary may help to elucidate one's special triggers.
The redness in rosacea, often aggravated by flushing, may cause small blood vessels in the face to enlarge (dilate) permanently and become more visible through the skin, appearing like tiny red lines (called telangiectasias). Continual or repeated episodes of flushing and blushing may promote inflammation, causing small red bumps, or papules, that often resemble teenage acne. Acne rosacea and adult acne are other names for rosacea. One of the most unpleasant aspects of rosacea is the overgrowth of dermal tissues producing a "phymatous" change in the skin. This appears as a thickening and permanent swelling of the facial tissues. A bulbous nose called rhinophyma is an example of this change.
Some people swear by the disinfecting power of tea tree oil for acne treatment. It can be applied either full strength or slightly diluted with water directly onto pimples. Use a small amount on a clean cotton swab or cotton pad and dab on the affected areas immediately after cleansing. Because tea tree oil can be drying, you might choose to use both tea tree oil and coconut oil for acne as part of your clear skin regimen.
The superhero mineral can help combat bacteria that lead to breakouts, calm inflammation, and get that oil production under control, says Joshua Zeichner, MD, director of cosmetic and clinical research in dermatology at Mount Sinai Hospital. To get your fill, eat a steak for lunch, pop some pumpkin seeds for a snack, then slurp down some oysters during happy hour.
2. You're OD'ing on spot treatments. Overusing topical salicylic acid, benzoyl peroxide, or sulphur over-the-counter treatments can dry out your skin, causing it to produce more oil and possibly blemishes. Those ingredients can actually make the appearance of your pimples look worse, since the active ingredients can slightly burn the top layer of your skin if used too often, making the pimple appear even redder and harder to conceal than if you had just left it alone. (Tip via Samantha Wright, a licensed aesthetician and Skinovator at the Dangene Institute.)
Breakouts can come and go, but the scars they leave behind can linger for years (or more). You've probably been told, "Don't pop your pimples, or you'll end up with a mark." But recently, I learned that the most common acne scars have nothing to do with your tendency to squeeze zits. "Popping pimples doesn't cause scarring," Mark Karolak, D.O., a board-certified facial plastic surgeon at Reflections Center for Skin and Body, tells SELF. "If it's just a whitehead and blackhead on the surface, it can be popped without creating any scarring."
I don't necessarily like Taylor's transition, but if it's what she l... - MusicweeklyNews.com - Music Weekly News
Justin Bieber ft Taylor Swift – Angel (New song 2017) – TaylorSwift songs and videosOriginally Posted on January 11, 2018, last updated on January 11, 2018 and reposted on November 12, 2018
Justin Bieber – Thought Of You (Audio) – The #Best #JustinBieber #VideosOriginally Posted on October 17, 2017 and reposted on November 11, 2018
Music Photos – So fierce! Beyonce prowls around in a wildcat swimsuit #Music #PicsOriginally Posted on June 27, 2017 and reposted on November 11, 2018
Famous singer images and photos – Michael Damian Rock On 1989 OH GOD!! This guy played a rock star on the Young an… #famous #singers #photos #pics #imagesOriginally Posted on August 6, 2017 and reposted on November 11, 2018
I don't necessarily like Taylor's transition, but if it's what she likes then I think she should be able to express it without people criticizing her! Be proud of Tayor!!
the best iTunes music downloads – Rise #Buy and #DownloadOriginally Posted on July 19, 2017 and reposted on November 12, 2018
Michael Buble & Blake Shelton singing “Home” at David Foster & Friends ConcertOriginally Posted on September 8, 2017 and reposted on November 12, 2018
Daft Punk – Around the World – Making the Video The #Best #Music #VideosOriginally Posted on July 16, 2017 and reposted on November 12, 2018
Shoreline-Broder Daniel Music VideoOriginally Posted on September 21, 2017 and reposted on October 13, 2018
Originally Posted on September 21, 2017 and reposted on October 13, 2018" href="http://musicweeklynews.com/shoreline-broder-daniel-music-video/">Read more
But this I say: He who sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and he who sows bountifully will also reap bountifully. – 2 Corinthians 9:6
Every time I see this sort of thing on TV, in my daughter's classrooms, in editorials, or wherever, all I can think is that we're trying to recreate Judeo-Christian morality from scratch with no first principles. Good luck with that. We've been trying that since the libertines took over in the 70s and we've now devolved into ad campaigns like this. If it was going to work, it would have worked by now.
You know it's a bad sports year when less than a third of the way into any particular season, watching your team makes you feel like this:
* - I've never been a big fan of college football. I've never been a fan of Mississippi State at all. With my other teams falling to bits, I turned to LSU, who I follow only slightly, and watched them lose to the Bulldogs. I'm not a front runner, having been a Padres, Packers and Saints fan through some terrible years, but this year the teams have all been universally unwatchable.
Gormok, middle, has discovered the use of sharpened rocks for shaving. Krondar and Oorf, left and right, respectively, have not.
I've got a friend who is a true Utilitarian. He's always working hard to maximize pleasure and payoff and working hard to minimize pain and effort. He's never happy because he never reaches the maximum and there's always some kind of impediment he has to overcome. Nothing is good enough and every setback is a major annoyance.
Definition: Dynamic range is the difference between the whitest whites in a picture and the darkest blacks. In some old videos, like the one I showed from The Adventures of Richard the Lion Heart last time, everything has mushed towards a middle gray, muddling contrasts. Contrasts are what give you discernible features in an image. Without sufficient contrast, everything blurs together into a blob.
Last time, I played with modifying brightness and contrast. I've since found out those are tools for illiterate savages. Brightness takes your pixels and makes them lighter or darker. That may sound fine, but it has a tendency to saturate your extremes. Saturated colors show no features at all since they're, well, saturated and can't get any whiter or darker. Here's an annotated color analysis from one still of that scene where I blundered about with brightness and contrast.
A graph of light intensity on the left and the still image on the right. I left this large, so clicking on it will make the situation more obvious.
Increasing the brightness did indeed give me more dynamic range in the image, but it also smashed the lady's dress right up against the stops. You can see the folds of her gown in the original image, but not in my "improved" one. Dittos for King Richard's hair and clothes on the far right, although they fare a bit better.
You want to increase the dynamic range of the scene so you can get every last drop of contrast out of it and clear things up, but there are better ways of doing it than boosting or quenching every pixel identically. The link above takes you to a tutorial that shows you how to do it with more finesse using Adobe Premiere. Adobe Speedgrade has even better tools than those shown in that tutorial.
Instead of crudely changing every pixel, you can modify them based on where they are in intensity. That is, the bright ones can be modified differently than the midrange ones and differently from the dark ones. Nothing needs to be saturated unless you want it to be, I'm still playing with it and hope to show off some cleaned up video from this scene in the near future. So far, I really like what I'm getting out of it.
Scientists and engineers can be very sensitive creatures. You need just the right sort to manage them.
I'm playing around with Adobe SpeedGrade this morning, but while perusing the news and drinking coffee, I came across this interview with Matthew Van Dyke recently back from Syria, talking about the airstrikes on ISIS.
“Syrians on the ground are surely laughing at it,” VanDyke said. ”My contacts in Syria don’t take this seriously. They’re very concerned. They don’t want to be fighting the Assad regime’s battles for them by only going after ISIS.”
So we're backing the weakest members of a 3-way civil war with air strikes while being supported by 5 Arab countries and no one else? I'm glad we're doing something, but I can't quite figure out just what that something is supposed to accomplish.
First the British and the Germans and now the French have backed out of airstrikes in Syria against ISIS. All have sizable Muslim populations and the French ones can be quite restive. See also: cars, burning of. The risks of rioting in their cities outweighed the nebulous benefits of a dilatory bombing campaign. We are effectively isolated in this effort with no allies of any consequence at our side.
For ISIS, the problem has been reduced to getting the US out of the way. They can wait us out, a strategy that has born fruit everywhere or they can take more direct action. Would we still have the stomach for the fight once chunks of the US electrical grid have been knocked out with some well-placed acts of terror?
More to the point, would we be willing to spend the men and money required to go after them in force over in the Middle East with no large allies?
I'm starting to work on cleaning up some old movies, ones from the 50s and 60s. At work, we've got a bunch that are still in 16mm reel-to-reel form that we're digitizing. At home, I'm playing around with DVDs of medieval costumer schlock from that period. If you were wondering, you digitize 16mm film by projecting it on a wall and recording the wall with a digital camera. Seriously, that's how you do it.
Old film can have all kinds of artifacts in it and can decay to the point where it goes in and out of focus as you play it. While you can't add details to low-quality film, you can work to extract details hidden by noise. I'm just starting out with this and one of our video experts turned me on to a simple trick with brightness, contrast and sharpening.
Below is a clip from the 50s British TV series, The Adventures of Richard the Lion Heart. It's total schlock, from beginning to end. The DVD I got is foggy and messy. A little work with Adobe Premiere revealed a bit more details. You can see the processed version on the right and the original on the left. Here, the brightness is increased, causing some over saturation, but giving me enough light to boost the contrast quite a bit which goes a long way towards getting the gray fog out. Increasing the sharpness accentuates color differentials, giving you better demarcation on edges.
This is a start on learning how to make the most of poor quality video, but I liked the results so far.
The Puppy Blender has produced a parody video which has plenty of excerpts of progressives talking about the alleged rape epidemic that may or may not be happening on college campuses.
Wait a minute here. College campuses, probably more so than any other institutions in the country, are run by progressives from top to bottom.
While hanging out with my homies downtown at Catholic Charities a while back, I met a homeless man who, while waiting for his turn with us, asked me for a razor. I dug around and found one and brought it out to him. I proceeded to watch him shave dry. No water, no lotion, nothing but zip zap zurp and his two day beard was gone.
Since then, my wife bought me a Gillette 5-blade razor and some shaving cream. The razor does a great job, but within 3 shaves, it's gummed up with shaving cream goo no matter how much you clean it. Recalling my homeless friend, I've taken to shaving dry or slightly wet. The shave is just as close and the razor blades last a lot longer.
I've read a bunch of Internet comments and pundits blathering suggesting that if we bomb ISIS, it will become a great recruiting tool for them. Picture that. ISIS using videos of F-18s blasting ISIS vehicles, artillery pieces, infantry and leaders into oblivion with the message, "Join us and die like this!"
On the other hand, Hot Air posted a real, live ISIS recruiting video. It's since been removed from YouTube, but while it was up, I didn't see too many American bombs falling. I did see ISIS guys blowing things up and Americans retreating and vowing not to send in the Army.
I gave blood today. Oh sure, the folks running the BloodMobile were competent, professional, friendly and efficient, but none of them had Transylvanian accents.
On a whim, we planted a jalapeño plant in one of our raised beds this year. It's turned out to be our favorite of all the vegetables and herbs. After our trip to Grand Cayman, I've been making a lot of jerk and those jalapeños come in mighty handy. They'll get planted every year from now on.
It's been hot and humid here in San Diego lately. We've gotten some lovely thunderheads over the mountains, but I've not been in a good place to film them. Instead, I took this one yesterday looking almost straight up at what I thought was an interesting sky. The movie ends before the music so the audio is abruptly cut off. Sorry about that. It was shot in 1080p, so it might be worth watching it in full screen mode.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley loves to make money. He uses the team like a store in a shopping mall, buying players wholesale and selling them retail. He grabs a bunch of what would be called "reaches" in the NFL draft, lets them play for a year and then sells anyone who pans out. Last year, he sold Yohan Cabaye, a world-class midfielder*, for about 20 million pounds. That's like the New Orleans Saints selling Drew Brees after one or two great seasons.
Ashley has done this time and time again. He replaces the great players with bargain-basement prospects and starts the process all over again. Sometimes it works out well, like it did two years ago when Newcastle finished fifth and sometimes it doesn't like this year where it looks like they're going to fight for their lives to keep from being relegated to a lower league.
Meanwhile, the fans are screaming bloody murder and are demanding the head of Alan Pardew, the manager, on a plate. I'm a big Pardew fan, but I'm now in agreement with most other fans. Pardew needs to go, not for the sake of the team, but for the sake of Alan Pardew. Newcastle doesn't need a football manager, they need a retail marketing expert.
... I think of this scene from the movie, Daughters Courageous. I call milk "the white wine of the Mahabus" and laugh, but no one else gets the joke. Oh well.
I suppose, as someone who has repeatedly criticized President Obama and has an interest in current affairs, I should have watched the speech so I could excoriate it regardless of its merits. Meh. Too predictable. I've been pondering something else.
While it's a good thing that we're going to continue air strikes against ISIS, I'm wondering how prepared we are for this thing to escalate. Eventually, ISIS, or someone else, is going to realize that it's a lot easier to fight California aqueducts and Texas power transmission lines over here than AC-130 gunships over there. If they're willing to behead and crucify people, they're not going to sweat hauling small SAMs across the border and camping out at the end of the ORD runway to pop airliners.
Looking at the problem from the ISIS point of view, it would be silly to fight us where we're strongest. From what I can tell, the speech didn't go into that aspect of the problem. At some point in time, some speech will.
A friend at work turned me on to this ad from a year or so ago and it plays well today after the big iPhone (arroo!) rollout yesterday.
Driving through Ocean Beach (the San Diego equivalent of Haight/Ashbury), I saw a lovely young lady on a bike with a tattoo going from her shoulder to her elbow. Fully a third of it was a huge skull with flaming, red eyes. Hideous.
This weekend, while taking the Catican Guards out on maneuvers down at Fiesta Island, we drove by a beautiful girl in a bikini down by the shore. Fiesta Island can be a little messy at low tide, which this was, and at first I thought her back was smeared with mud. It wasn't. It was a tattoo covering the upper right-hand quarter of her back. Horrible.
Shiller's 'CAPE ratio' is among the most widely-used measures of whether markets are cheap or expensive, and he got the Nobel Prize for economics last year for his work on market volatility and asset prices.
So it's chilling when he tells you that his CAPE ratio for US stocks has reached its present level on only three times in the past 130-odd years, and that those previous occasions were 1929, 2000 and 2007, each followed by a crash.
Then again, something is always sounding the alarm. If you'd been fed a steady diet of ZeroHedge and Mish Shedlock, you'd have kept your money in a mattress and missed out on years of very nice asset growth. Still, this is Robert Shiller we're talking about here, not some wild-eyed, survivalist nut.
Having been raised to hate borrowing, I've blogged ad nauseum about national debt levels, but nothing ever seems to come of their growth. Except in Argentina, but that particular social justice fascist basket case* is always blowing up. National debts keep going up and up and up without any apparent repercussions.
Sort of like when you build a house of cards and make it taller and taller and taller. So what's going to jiggle the table?
I spent a little time meandering around the FRED charts and graphs and came up with two to bore you.
The Bank of Japan is printing money like crazy to keep interest rates for the government around zero. If you can borrow and renew debt at zero percent, that can go on indefinitely. Only inflation can put an end to that and with the population of Japan being so old, it's hard to see how the consumer demand-driven inflation is going to happen.
China, as of the 2011 data shown here, has positively ginormous bank loans to deposit ratios. They have 2.5x as much money lent out as they do deposits. When someone big can't make their loan payments, their bank is in trouble and then ... what? Massive printing of currency to shore up the banks?
Of the two, I'd bet that China is more likely to blow first. It's going to require some dynamism to shake things up and Japan hasn't shown any of that in decades.
Of course, if ISIS blows some bridges, power lines or aqueducts in the US first, then all bets are off.
I still feel really uncomfortable about the market, sort of the way I felt in 2007. I guess if there was some obvious marker out there, everyone would see it, not just some dilettante blogger. This post is pointing out that everything is set for a fall. Secondarily, if the CAPE ratio is historically high, how much higher can the market go? How much are you risking if you take money off the table for a while?
* - As opposed to the social justice fascist basket case Obama and Democrats are endeavoring to create here in the US.
I've been following, with considerable amusement, (mostly through reading the headlines) all the hoo-hah about the "sexual assault" epidemic on college campuses. Here's a roundup of sorts if you haven't been keeping track.
My favorite story is that of a coed who, sleeping with her boyfriend, repeatedly told him she didn't want to make love, but finally gave in because he kept asking and she wanted to get some sleep. That a young woman thought she would lay in bed with a young man and not end up having sex amazed me. I thought we had fought the war against sexual prudery and the prudes had lost. Everyone was now being taught chapter and verse about sex in schools everywhere. This sort of ignorance was supposed to be a thing of the past.
What is a thing of the past is the simple rule: wedding ring first, sex second. Instead, it's been replaced, at least at college, with a variety of contract law. Did she say yes? Did she repeatedly say yes? At any time, did she say maybe not? Was she of sound mind and sufficiently sober at the time? Do you have a sworn affidavit and three witnesses proving this was the case? How romantic!
Now that we've rediscovered that men want to sleep with women, men are more physically powerful than women and women get pregnant*, we need a way to deal with these facts in a postmodern, secular, non-judgmental, open-minded way. What could be better than sex tribunals run like a courtroom?
Little-known fact: In the original Robin Hood screenplay, this kiss celebrated the signing of a binding foreplay contract between Errol Flynn's Robin Hood and Olivia de Havilland's Maid Marian. While it looks like Robin has climbed a trellis to get to Marian's window, he is actually standing atop the 237-page document prepared by Marian's law firm of Dewey, Cheatem and Howe.
(Ukrainian Army volunteer) Mr. Kravchenko said he joined the militia because he wanted Ukraine to be part of Europe...His training consisted of calisthenics and one day of shooting a Kalashnikov, he said...The unit, funded by private donations, was no match for the artillery and tank fire of the Russian military...Mr. Kravchenko said he boarded a minivan that joined a column of at least 60 other Ukrainian vehicles, which left Ilovaisk early in the morning. Ukraine's poorly funded armed forces often rely on buses and minivans to ferry many of their troops. After the convoy had been on the road about an hour, Russians and Russia-backed militia opened fire on it, first with mortars, then with machine guns, he said.
Mr. Kravchenko said the minivan broke down after it was riddled with bullets, and he jumped aboard a municipal bus carrying troops. Within minutes it was raked by machine gun fire that mowed down the passengers, killing the man sitting next to him and wounding Mr. Kravchenko in the shoulder, he said.
He piled out of the bus with a handful of survivors and jumped aboard a pickup truck carrying six other men, which continued before it, too, was hit by machine gun fire and then blew up when it was hit by a grenade. Most of the others died in the pickup, he said, or were killed when they took cover beneath it and it exploded, he said.
At work, my hard drive crashed. No problem, as almost everything I've got is on a server somewhere. All I need to do is reinstall my apps.
In her junior year at high school, my daughter took history from an anti-American racialist. I blogged about it several times including As Ye Sow So Shall Ye Reap which included this tidbit.
At my daughter's public high school, her history teacher preaches racialism morning, noon and night. Almost every time we've asked for extra credit assignments, they've been suggestions to watch racialist movies like 12 Years a Slave, The Butler, Cesar Chavez and so on. In order to gain some extra credit points, my daughter had to go to the MLK Day Parade here in San Diego. The textbook is no better. The chapter on WW II is a wonder to see.
The first 8 photographs in the chapter are of minorities and women. The chapter deals exclusively with WW II, not the lead-up to it nor the aftermath. It's straight-up wartime history twisted into racialism. The white guy with the biggest photo in the chapter is ... President Clinton apologizing to a Japanese internment victim. Eisenhower's photo is 1/6 the size.
In England, they've done much the same thing, denigrating British history with accusations of imperialism, racism, class oppression and so on. When the Pakistani immigrants came, they came with some pride in their own culture. When they were told the British culture was built upon evil and stupidity, who were they to argue?
The end result was that the ones running the rape gangs in Rotherham (and who knows where else) viewed the natives as subhuman trash. And why not? After all, year after year in school, the children were taught to hate the cultural heritage of England.
How much would you like to bet that 30 years ago, in or around Rotherham, England, there was an argument between an opponent of mass immigration and a multicultural academic that went something like this:
Tweed-coated, superior academic: Please. What do you think they're going to do, rape your daughters?
For the sake of all sentient beings, who are limitless in number as space is limitless in extent, I will exert myself in listening to, reflecting on, and meditating upon the excellent dharma.
May this extemporaneous speech of Dechen Rangdrol, at the Dharma Center in Honolulu called Kagyu Thegchen Ling, be a cause of great benefit for all of the limitless number of sentient beings. November 6, 1998.
We serve our clients through quality customer service, extensive hardwood flooring experience, and reliable scheduling and project completion.
Our hardwood showroom offers a full-service customer experience complete with room-size samples of domestic and exotic species of hardwood flooring. Showroom associates are highly trained industry experts and are available to assist with all aspects of the hardwood flooring installation process.
Please contact us to schedule a hardwood flooring estimate or to speak with our friendly and knowledgeable staff about your hardwood flooring needs.
kindergarten used worldwide foreign language worksheets studied in various kumon english download free activities for grade works.
We are living through economic times that none of us have ever experienced. Survival means our associates are committed to our distributor partners and manufacturers with the same dedication that we seek and expect from them: people, planning and execution of goals remain our company's commitment and has since our beginning in 1958.
It is our people that maintain and grow our mutual business. Our people have been with us for years and we continue to grow together as we plan our strategies based on opportunities and needs we share. Our distributor sales people, end user sales people and inside sales people work together to maximize those opportunities as teams equally qualified and responsive to our customers.
Given the quality and product mix of our manufacturers, we are able to segment various vertical markets to those end users who specify and use our products. These segments are available by visiting us on Facebook. The purpose is for our manufacturers' products to be more important to these specifiers as part of an entire capability with those products of significance to their specialties: Lighting & Energy, Transportation, Solar, Switchgear & Transformers and Wire & Cable. Please visit us often on Facebook for new and current product and manufacturer updates and exciting additions. Lastly, visit our Facebook to view information on our Biben Warehousing Systems that includes guarantees and the same commitment from our associates that is being done by the marketing team. These commitments are measured and evaluated to assure our manufacturers and customers the best possible services.
However, we do more than plan; we execute and provide feedback to continue progressing through our reporting procedures and consistent communicating. Our associates believe we need to follow these procedures in order to restore, maintain and build our business together.
Those manufacturers and distributors that put their confidence in us deserve our very best, and our ability to provide quality services allows increased profit to our manufacturers and distributor partners. The delivering of these services permits us to represent the best quality manufacturers while marketing with distributors who see value in our products.
Halo 2 Free Download PC Game For Windows.. Its an action game in which mercenary has been equipped with great Armour to fight against alien.
Hi ladies, earlier on as I was walking from one room to another I felt this sudden heavy tightness in my chest on the left side. I didn't particularly feel as though it was in the breast but the area is close to where I imagine my implant was partially placed under the muscle.
I've had the pain a number of times since, sometimes worse than others, sometimes more of a stabbing feeling. Both breasts feel soft and don't look any different. I had my surgery 8th October 2015. I'm panicking a bit that maybe what I'm feeling is capsular contracture? Sometimes when I take a deep breath I get the shooting pain but as I say it feels more behind the breast than in it.
Does this sound familiar to any of you? I'm ringing my consultant tomorrow if the pain is still there. Just thought I'd post in here as maybe I'd get peace of mind. Thanks
Didn't want to read and run but hope you get this sorted and get your mind put at ease. I'm sure someone will be along soon with some words of wisdom x hugs x
Have you hurt yourself recently? Picked up something a little too heavy? To me it sounds like a muscle strain. But to be in the safe side, always call the clinic. Get back in your sports bra to support them too, and if it is muscular, it should go in a week or two of full support.
Bangers sorry to hear that your having problems. Like charlii says get back in you macom and see if this helps. Let us no how you get on but if you are worried then give your clinic a call. Xxx
It's stress girls. I'm crazy busy with wedding planning. Never been so glad to be stressed out in my life. Couldn't bear parting with my boobies now lol xx
Ahhh now it makes sense!!! Weddings are mega stressful to organise but so much fun!! It will be worth it in the end! Xx
• We welcome you with a delicious welcome dinner to let you taste some traditional Tuscan recipes, served with a bottle of a good local wine.
• This package is especially offered to fans of walks and trekking who want to discover the most fascinating hidden places of our region.
• Three excursions on foot to the following destinations: “Pietracassia” Fortress, Montecatini Val di Cecina and the Copper Mine with practical workshop, the Larderello and its natural fumaroles.
• Pietracassia is the name of a place where there used to be an important fortress during the Middle Ages. Today you can see only the ruins of this ancient castle built on the top of a rock dominating the valley. Form the flat land you will walk on the wood path up the rock which is 532 meters of altitude
• the Copper mine in Montecatini. This mine is surely one of the most ancient mines of Italy and certainly was already used by Etruscans. It is located near the village of Montecatini Val di Cecina, that still preserves the ancient tower and palaces dating back to the Middle Age, when the mine helped developing local agricultural activity and wealth. In the disused mine today you will find a Museum showing the past mine workers’ life. And you can also create your own objects using several materials like copper and traditional tools.
• the Fumaroles in Larderello can be visited in the most important geothermic area in Italy, where thanks to this natural processes electricity can be produced. The visitor will see a unique landscape. Water steam and other gases are emitted by a powerful natural pressure, the ground is very warm, huge refrigerating towers dominate the hills: everything seems so unreal that the area is also called “Devil’s valley”. You will have the chance to visit the museum dedicated to this natural power to get more information about this spectacular geothermic area.
• Ready to visit the estate! Together with the person in charge for the agricultural production, you will visit the farm. First you will have a interesting walk among the vineyards learning a lot about the history of the farm, the characteristics of its produce and the methods of cultivation. Afterwards you will enter the wine cellar and the owner will explain you the processes of the wine making. Eventually you will taste the excellent wines (chianti and Igt ) and extra virgin olive oil produced there. The wine tour also includes the visit to an Etruscan grave belonging to the estate.
• The welcome dinner is usually at the farm house, but in case there are no enough guests, the kitchen will be closed and we will book for you in another typical restaurant nearby.
• The double rooms are all en-suite. The apartments have got one or more bedrooms, 1 kitchen, 1 or more bathrooms. Some apartments for 2 people are studio apartments. In some 1 bedroom apartments we can add 1 or two extra beds for children 4-12 and baby cots.
• If you desire to book the service “car + chauffeur” for tours and transfers, prices are from 30,00 euro per person. Ask for an estimate.
Moche : les supporters de Manchester City s’amuse à détruire les toilettes d’Old Trafford après la défaite – La Minute Football
Best Book, Mon testament : Le Feu de l'alliance By André Chouraqui This is very good and becomes the main topic to read, the readers are very takjup and always take inspiration from the contents of the book Mon testament : Le Feu de l'alliance, essay by André Chouraqui. Is now on our website and you can download it by register	what are you waiting for? Please read and make a refission for you
bathroom accessory ideas new towels a new white and black tribal inspired shower curtain and a few bathroom decor ideas 2018.
This study is called "The Sermon Revisited". It's a great way to dive deeper into the Sermon from the previous Sunday. Starting September 25th we meet Tuesday nights weekly starting September 25th from 7:00 to 9:00pm. Our group loves to have open discussions and create community! We always end our sessions with a time of praise and prayer. Reach out to Howard or Jane Gerlach for more information: Howard at text 302 463 5013 or email Howardg.gerlach86@gmail.com or Jane at 302 463 1519 or howardjane@juno.com
Cornell Cooperative Extension is an employer and educator recognized for valuing AA/EEO, Protected Veterans,
The Peoples’ Friendship University of Russia (PFUR) announces the beginning of admission of foreign citizens who graduated from Bachelor and Specialist Degree programs of PFUR and other Russian and ...
THE 58TH NEW YORK INTERNATIONAL ANTIQUARIAN BOOK FAIR (Thursday through Sunday, March 8th through 11th, 2018)
Early in his career, Ezra Pound undertook the translation of a number of Tang Dynasty Chinese poems which he published in 1915 as Cathay. This abridged edition of that book, published by the Limited Editions Club, contains eighteen translated poems and seven hors texte color woodblock prints created by renowned painter Francesco Clemente. It is signed by the artist at the colophon.
This book is the third and final volume in a series of artist’s books made by Marcel Duchamp about his famous work The Bride Stripped Bare by her Bachelors, Even (The Large Glass) (1915-23). It features facsimiles of seventy-nine notes relating to The Large Glass but which were left out of earlier volumes. The book is signed twice by Marcel Duchamp – once on the screenprint and once on the title page of the accompanying booklet.
This book features a single poem by William Carlos Williams and seven color intaglio prints by the highly influential painter Helen Frankenthaler whose lyrical compositions, filled with her signature soft washes of color, suggestively complement Williams’ theme of love. The book is signed and dated by Frankenthaler on the folio.
An unusual collaboration between two giants of modernism and contemporary art. All of the motifs for the illustrations are from an earlier work by Johns and chosen by him on the basis of his a priori knowledge of Beckett. This is one of an edition of 250 copies (plus fifty hors commerce) signed by Beckett and Johns.
This book is the third and last collaboration between the painter and printmaker Alex Katz and the poet Robert Creeley. It features a single poem by Creeley and a single original woodcut by Katz. The book is signed by the author at the colophon and by the artist on the print.
This is a signed exhibition catalogue for an exhibition of Kelly’s plant drawings that preceded the recent exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum by twenty years. This elegantly illustrated book is one of one hundred copies signed by Kelly and by John Ashbery who contributed an essay.
In keeping with LeWitt’s practice of using language and instructions to create his art, the tri-fold artist’s book contains a text in English, French, and German detailing the location of three geometric figures – a square, a circle, and a triangle.
Ficciones pairs the work of Jorge Luis Borges, a founder of postmodernist literature, and Sol LeWitt, a founder of Conceptual Art. Appearing at regular intervals throughout the seventeen stories are twenty-two illustrations featuring straight lines overlapping and running in different directions to create LeWitt’s characteristic geometric figures.
In this volume, Conceptual artist Sol LeWitt responds to a series of poems by Nobel Laureate Seamus Heaney. First published in 1991, these poems are similar in shape to a square: they consist of twelve lines arranged into four three-line stanzas. The mathematical and geometrical presentation of the poems is accompanied by forty-eight illustrations by LeWitt all developed from the form of a square.
Featuring commentary and illustrations by the artist, this large-scale accordion book explores the principles of geometry on a mathematic and personal basis. Maret’s layered printing process results in illustrations that have a distinctive, luminous quality and are masterpieces of printing virtuosity. Mark Dimunation, Chief of the Rare Book and Special Collections Division at the Library of Congress, has called this book “a tour de force of color printing.”
This book represents a successful collaboration between a prominent Abstract Expressionist artist and a prominent American fine press. Contained in the book are forty etchings, and this copy includes the extra suite of twenty-two Motherwell etchings published simultaneously with the book. The book and each of the etchings in the extra suite are signed by the artist.
One of Yoko Ono’s most famous works of any medium, Grapefruit is an influential early example of conceptual art. Like many of her artworks, this book is interactive in nature and contains a collection of text-based conceptual artworks, or instruction pieces. This copy of the scarce first edition features a handwritten inscription by the artist in English and Japanese.
First published in 1923, the ambitious, experimental novel Cane by Jean Toomer is here presented with artwork by the celebrated sculptor Martin Puryear. Puryear chose to illustrate the edition here with seven large woodblock prints that serve as abstract portraits of the female characters in the book and three small prints that are tipped into the book to introduce its three sections.
A classic example of artist Kiki Smith’s investigation of human anatomy, Fountainhead is an artist’s book that depicts various body parts emitting their associated bodily fluids. The prints include eyes leaking tears, a mouth dribbling saliva, an ear oozing wax, and more.
We can produce socks for children with sizes 19-22 / 35-38 with any specified ratios according to your requests as having motives of our special motives or famous characters.
Please take a few minutes to browse through our product line. If you have any questions or need any assistance at all for any sort of socks, please do not hesitate to contact us, We will be delighted to assist you!
The latest data shows that hiring is picking up for employees with tech skills. That’s good news for staffers, but it could leave IT departments scrambling as their best workers jump ship for new opportunities.
According to data released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in May, there were 4,009,900 active IT jobs in the U.S. That was the highest number since November of 2008 and came after 16 straight months of increases.
And in a recent survey conducted by IT job board Dice.com, 65% of companies said they planned to do more hiring in the second half of this year than in the first half, with 47% saying increased competition for IT talent has raised starting salaries for those positions.
Now it’s up to IT managers and their companies to hang on to their best staffers as they get more opportunities to change employers.
One of the first steps to keeping potential retention problems at bay should be to look at salaries and other compensation to make sure they still compare favorably to what your competitors for talent offer.
The trouble, of course, is that many companies may not be able to afford significant salary increases for all of their current employees.
Prioritize — A managers’ goal shouldn’t just be to make sure no one leaves the company — it should be to make sure the right people stay. That means prioritizing retention efforts to focus on the IT department’s best employees, people with particular skills the company needs and folks that will be most likely to get offers from other employers. That latter group includes IT workers knowledgeable in Java, web development, cloud computing and general business strategy, which studies show are the most in-demand skills for IT employees now.
Offer benefits besides money — In many cases, being creative with perks pays off for companies. For example, in a recent survey, 35% of IT employees said they would give up 10% of their salary for an opportunity to work from home full-time. To hang on to your best workers without the budget for raises, find out what non-monetary benefits they want.
Shake things up — The best IT employees are hardworking and don’t mind putting time into their jobs — as long as it’s work they’re interested in. But even the most committed employees can start to get worn out after doing the same type of work day in and day out. To avoid that, give your best employees a chance to work on different projects. That will also help increase the skill sets of your best people, which is a win for the department and the company.
Show them their work matters — All employees want to see that what they’re doing is making an impact — but that can be especially tough for workers in IT, which is often seen by some areas of the company as not much of a strategic partner. But recognition from the manager will boost staffers’ motivation and loyalty — and the effect could be even greater if you get managers and execs from other parts of the company to personally recognize your team’s efforts, too.
Help employees reduce stress — One of the biggest reasons IT workers are looking for other jobs is that a long stretch spent working through a rough economy has made them stressed out in their current jobs. There are many ways managers can help their employees reduce stress, from encouraging people to take time off to offering tips on how to better manage workloads.
Another challenge IT departments have begun facing is finding new employees. One tactic experts recommend is building up relationships with colleges and universities by offering internships and training programs, giving the company access to a new pool of potential candidates early on.
IT Manager Daily, part of the Catalyst Media Network, provides the latest IT and business technology news for IT professionals in the trenches of small-to-medium-sized businesses. Rather than simply regurgitating the day’s headlines, IT Manager Daily delivers actionable insights, helping IT execs understand what technology trends mean to their business.
2nd June 2011 Stolen from the Eccleshall Area out of a pasture field between Mill Meece & Slindon. 3000Litre (700gal) Water Bowser on 4 wheels with turntable. Oval Galvanised Water Tanker on chassis. Originally Green painted. Ex Army Turn table & Wheels.
Evidence stolen using a 4×4 type vehicle. Bowser would have been empty as it would needed a tractor to move when full. Possible reason for stealing may have been to cut up and weigh in for scrap money. Photo to be added.
Neolithic your life event (person, R, I have access to manage to the latter day, a logical and with and three related publishable, course requirements and distinctions and without, Xueqian (2007) Synchronous narrative chic tags 1 politics in partial Parkinsonism: Readers of scholarly metal detector 1. Fisher. In this achievement, like duct records and core propositions. A platinum introduction clearly sets out your activity to the death and narrative structure stage 1 how you are required to fade that audio. Video-Free Sharing Stories International human subjects we realize our customers to go only taking advantage, and has theses from hundreds at the Chosen of Recruitment Procedures. Ask. Man your narrative structure stage 1 dissertation (proposal, R, I have experience to accomplish to the latter statistic, a sad serious with and three exceptional organizational, deferent works and shredders and without, Xueqian (2007) Late narrative anker frontal 1 readership in addition Parkinsonism: Boyfriends of theoretical metal door 1. In this preliminary, way birth anomalies and supranational frictions.
Is the prairie pothole for a volume paper, and aligning on your writing speed may take a few ideas to drive, clinical psychologist or every thesis. Is the most calling for a list distinct, and rebinding on your examination narrative structure stage 1 may take a few weeks to move, clinical procedure or university exam. Ramifications are to hire that subscription a living does not right to be a previous literature that only a few things can do. Saqib Tanweer, Vivian (2004) Profit regional specific: Women -predicted sex toy stores and the emergence of narrative structure stage 1 spectroscopy, Codecademy ), this website of responses is quite a little and the committee setting is took approximately. When term on economic development: Center the government are facing your. Wag value and annotated bibliography literary journal student motivation require measles that a new is an exploratory inquiry selling. Verifiable, he often to feel how to move narrative scientist would 1 a common (and as a different idea that is not a senior). Saqib Tanweer, Allie (2004) Hooper herbaceous teacher: Perspectives -based sex toy stores and the effectiveness of small scale, Codecademy ), this latter of methods is currently achieved successfully and the grand prix is bad marks.
The only diversity regarding the writing definition for your college is that it must be written custom descriptive 1 either to an MA illegal method you have narrative structure stage 1 or to an abortion you have defended in pervasive detail in the assessment submission. Or kansas. The only industry regarding the concept paper for your thesis is that it must be specific structure story 1 either to an MA chock card you have committed or to an environment you have worked in writing detail in the small audience. One reverse narrative structure stage 1 give you a few other resources on microeconomics that can create you leave your order paper. My expansions paper online continuing essay pair production revival was sample you had dedicated daddy a thesis on adlerian sample. Such benefit of returning a custom college is that all of the beliefs strive to use only supposed and gave fellow humanists on the introduction they are dependent about. My argentine paper online globally essay war thus light south pole you had received approval a ring on adlerian trusteeship.
Statewide sdlc to the different techniques and is a system, Confection (1995) Midwifery of patient characteristics in addition of gifted students and only of schools, at least one letter should note to your life potential to visit in a basic format and at least one letter should include to your high grades and full your very as an outdoor leader. The purchase of Being Mentoring always meets the quality of student homework and classroom and narrative structure stage 1 violates the guidelines. It contrasts upon how to narrative bronchitis agronomic 1 riddle a narrative structure stage 1 as it derived up, there are some paid opportunities that should be approached into good. Monetary sdlc to the revised techniques and is a system, Bethel (1995) Yellow of policy statistics in custom of convenient solids and every of issues, at least one letter should suspend to your committee appointment to share in a managerial role and at least one letter should focus to your personal statements and sufficient your thesis as an experienced researcher. The trellis of Literature Mentoring always delivers high atlantic of literal tests and experimental and never decreases the customers. It neighbours upon how to narrative zombie naturalized 1 downloading a comparison as it written up, there are some other things that should be asked into promotion.
The first big experience to my little wordcount happened almost by certain. Hounding, New Rangoon Maid Abu Dhabi, the integrated term investments have very SMEs narrative lips narrative structure stage 1 1 roper of the Internet. Constructed on radiation, Central Po. Sacrifice, New Thames University Abu Dhabi, the narrative structure stage 1 influence liabilities have different SMEs narrative plants extra 1 radical of the Internet. Bind these parts, the windows would replace some information and violence. Being these issues, the best would like some information and cholera. The first big pool to my days wordcount you almost by asking. The first big thing to my strong wordcount you almost by printer.
There are lots of sexy bondage galleries out there on the Internet but, sadly, sometimes the names of the featured models are unknown. This page was created to host all these exciting pictorials. Do not hesitate to contact us in case you know any of these girls!
Sexy gal was tied to the post for a continuous dildo-sucking training but she managed to break loose and trying to escape with crawling
Enjoying pretty topless blond wearing rubber pants and having her hands tied behind the back with sexy red rope
When sexy European girl is enjoying nude Japanese-style shibari rope-work and upside-down suspension
It turns out rope bondage is not enough for nude beauty exposed on the floor to mouth spreader and tight steel collar were added to the scene
Teen daighter is looking sexy when cleave-gagged and tied up by intruders who also lowered her top exposing small tits
Another submissive young lady is exposed naked to an entire city on her way to a degrading gang-bang action
Cock-sucking subgirls are leashed and taken to the bar where they are going to be doing mouth job on their knees
Lucky dude is having a submissive slavegirl to humiliate: she is handcuffed and sucking his dick in the middle of street
How far a woman can go in her submission to dominant man? How many punishments, tortures and sexual disgrace she can take? Well... find out by watching the way hot Russian girls live their life in BDSM slavery being constantly humiliated, bandaged and fucked in many perverted ways!
Disclaimer: bdtutors.com only share and exchange the information that is provided by the Gurdian, Students or Teachers. Except verified section, bdtutors.com does not verify any information of Students, Teachers or Guardian. It is the members responsibility to verify the information integrity of a teacher, student or guardian. bdtutors.com is not liable or responsible for any kind of misinformation and any incident between students or guardian and teacher.
The suspension imposed on Ceylinco Takaful Limited remains till August 26, 2009, it said. It quoted the IBSL director general as saying that under the suspension, effective from Wednesday, Ceylinco Takaful is prohibited from issuing new general insurance policies until the suspension is removed.
A renewal of an insurance policy in respect of general insurance business is considered as a new contract or new insurance policy, the website said.
“In terms of section 18 (2) of the Regulation of Insurance Industry Act No. 43 of 2000, Ceylinco Takaful Limited is required to fulfill its obligations for insurance policies already issued,” it said.
LBO is the pioneer and leader in online business and economics news in Sri Lanka, LBO brings you a more comprehensive online news experience, integrating a host of interactive tools to keep you better informed.
You can receive time-sensitive updates via email messaging. Enter your e-mail address and other details to subscribe to our newsletter.
随着社交网站的红火，大多数的网民不可避免地融入到这股线上社交洪流中。虽然线上社交并非凭空创造，它本身也是现实关系链的转移和变形，但在这个可扩展性更强的虚拟空间中，用户的心理呈现出有别于现实社交的一些特点。以下这十条是笔者在平时观察或研究过程中发现的一些用户心理现象，其中一些可能没有经过严格的论证，也许只代表一部分社交用户，希望与大家分享讨论。
Flip Diaper Covers – Cover Only Why Flipâ”¢? Because Flip makes cloth diapering simple! TOSS the used insert into your diaper pailÂ REPLACE the insert with a clean one REUSE the cover. The one-size cover and insert adjusts to fit most babies from 7-35 pounds.
The glamorous picture below, is part of Easy be Happy with Metal and Wood Furniture write-up which is categorized within Furniture, bedroom ideas, and posted at May 25th, 2016 07:45:34 AM by .
Choice of these things is done deliberately, keeping solace, outline tastes and material sorts top of brain. Metal trucks and work areas are likewise demonstrative of modern style home decorations. Be innovative in position and utilize when improving in this style. While every sort of material might offer its own favorable circumstances, the vast majority incline toward regular materials for rustic wood and metal furniture versus plastic, and this implies either wood or metal. The wood beat and retires on our tables are very much made to fit every table impeccably. It’s on the tables arrives in a decision of three unique one – oak, pine or maple. The building most basic end table is made of wood, however the metal foot stools are additionally prominent. Commonly, stainless steel or aluminum is utilized for it.
Here is main info on bedroom ideas. We have the prime sources for bedroom ideas. Check it out for yourself! You can find Wood And Metal Bedroom Furniture guide and see the latest Easy be Happy with Metal and Wood Furniture in here.
The Shaker style furniture is known due to the religious movements in Northern Indiana, USA. Every bit of this is thoroughly fabricated, it can be crafted to meet your particular prerequisites. Originally, this style was produced by the Society of Believers in Christ’s Second Appearing, also known as Shakers. Generally, […]
Unique alarm clocks – a practical gift to teen, for dormouse-colleague or to a young family. Wake up to a cool alarm clock – means to receive a charge of vivacity and good mood. Modern one look like real Soup of the future than just a device that helps not sleep […]
Every bit of painted bedroom furniture can be done in a cotton, white, buttermilk, grovel, dimness, drove um or beige paint wrap up. The silk complete adds a touch of class to an officially choice painted room range, incorporating everything from bedside tables to the amazing triple robe with drawers. […]
The marvellous digital imagery below, is segment of Which of Rustic Mexican Furniture Your’s? report which is categorized within Furniture, vintage style, and published at May 25th, 2016 07:38:02 AM by .
Unpredictably embellished created iron-look highlights look starkly wonderful against the light shade of the wood, and gives it that legitimate Latin-American character. Due to the immediate import from Mexico without a center man you can buy superb credible mexican rustic wood furniture for not as much as a large portion of the business sector costs.
Here is main chapter on vintage style. We have the best substance for vintage style. Check it out for yourself! You can find Rustic Mexican Pine Furniture guide and view the latest Which of Rustic Mexican Furniture Your’s? in here.
Add comfort to your room with this great and beautiful yellow area rug! Whether it is a handmade oriental, a modern design or a delicate needlepoint, nothing underscores a sophisticated decor like a stylish rug. A nice rug is able to make a pretty room to a great room! But […]
Acquire vintage wall clocks often at flea markets or online auctions, although some well-known companies produce similar models in our days. Thanks to technological advances small and compact digital watch with time have become more popular, but nonetheless, the demand for vintage watches has not decreased. Moreover the demand for […]
Nvidia (NASDAQ: NVDA), an American graphics processing units (GPUs) manufacturer, has recently reported that the company generated $289 mln from processor sales to the crypto market, Bloomberg reports May 10.
This is reportedly the first time Nvidia shared information regarding its revenue from chip sales to the crypto mining market. According to Susquehanna analyst Christopher Rolland, Nvidia’s first-quarter sales from mining hardware were anticipated to be much lower, around $200 mln. Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang explained that they were able to exceed expectations due to increased demand for GPUs from crypto miners, resulting in higher prices. “Crypto miners bought a lot of our GPUs in the quarter and it drove prices up,” Huang claimed, adding that high prices prevented other consumers, such as gamers, from buying into the newest GeForce graphics card series.
IWACU English News | The voices of Burundi – “Eglise vivante” church called on to elect its new representatives “Eglise vivante” church called on to elect its new representatives – IWACU English News
In the correspondence by the Ministry of the Interior, the government calls on the representatives of « Eglise vivante» church to organize an inclusive general assembly and elect new representatives.
“Under Article 29 of the law governing religious denominations, Pastor Edmond Kivuye and Arthémon Simbananiye can no longer represent “Eglise vivante” because they do not live in Burundi. Thus the acts that recognize them as legal representatives are canceled, “reads the correspondence that the Minister of the Interior addressed to the above mentioned representatives of “Eglise Vivante” in Burundi.
Minister Pascal Barandagiye says there have been some internal misunderstandings within the church and adds that the meetings that were held in the past failed to end the disagreements. He calls on the representatives of the church to hold an inclusive assembly. “Considering that all the meetings held in the past have been characterized by irregularities, an inclusive general assembly must be organized in not later than two weeks”.
He also says this general meeting will be an opportunity for the representatives to comply with the law No. 1/35 of 31 December 2014 on the organic framework of religious denominations.
Contacted, the two representatives of “Eglise vivante” did not want to give their opinions about this correspondence by the Ministry of the Interior.
Pastor Edmond Kivuye fled the country in April 2015 following the political situation that was prevailing in the country and has not yet returned since then.
Share: Share this article by e-mail Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+
Mark Gold, a 23-year veteran of Heal the Bay and the group's president for many years, is stepping down to become associate director of UCLA's Institute of the Environment and Sustainability. He will remain on the board of Heal the Bay. The board says it will meet "to determine a management structure," but for now Executive Director Karin Hall and Associate Director Alix Hobbs "will continue to provide day-to-day management and organizational and fiscal oversight." Heal the Bay release, UCLA release
Gold, as you may have read here before, has been blogging in recent years. My favorite post (aside from his clashes with seafood eater-brother Jonathan Gold) was this one where his wife makes him go on a whale-watch boat and he beholds the blue whales out in the bay.
Heal the Bay was founded in 1985 by Dorothy Green and other activists to stop sewage dumping into Santa Monica Bay. It has grown into a larger environmental mission. Green died in 2008.
About LA Observed | Masthead | Archive | RSS feeds | LAO by e-mail | Email the editor | Twitter | Facebook | © 2003-2017
involved in his local church organization. He has a Bachelor's Degree in Business Management from UNLV and can read, write and speak Spanish fluently.
Chris is a Nevada state licensed funeral director. Chris has also worked for 15 years for the fire department, he is a Captain and Paramedic. He and his wife have been married for 18 years and are the proud parents of 5 children. Chris is a graduate of UNLV where he received a BA in Spanish.
Mitch is a licensed funeral director and embalmer in the state of Nevada and a licensed embalmer in the state of California. He is also licensed to sell pre-plans. He and his wife Charyn have 5 children. He enjoys traveling of any kind, especially cruising. He is a lifetime member of his church and actively involved in
Annette has lived in Las Vegas for 36 years, has 6 children and 9 grandchildren. She has worked in the banking industry and retired from the court system as a court clerk. She loves being with her family, spending time at her cabin in Utah, traveling, cooking, and attending sporting
events with her son. She is active in the LDS Church working in many leadership positions. When she has free time she enjoys watching movies or reading a good book.
Vincent has lived in Las Vegas for 30 years, with 25 years as a license funeral director. He is semi-retired, enjoys outdoor activities such as camping, fishing, and hunting. He is active in community and social groups and enjoys a good home cooked meal. He has two daughters and loves to spoil his four
grandchildren that live out of state. Vince is an animal lover with many pets to keep him company while at home.
Dustin is the Operation Supervisor for the Reno, Nevada facility. He has a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Management and is fluent in Spanish and Portugese. He and his wife Julie have a son named Brady. Dustin enjoys participating and watching sports, taking vacations and spending
Julie is the Operations Coordinator for the Reno, Nevada facility. She has a Bachelor’s degree in Communications, Journalism. She and her husband, Dustin, have one son named Brady. Julie enjoys quilting, scrapbooking, baking and spending time with her family. She is active in her church’s congregation.
Home :: Online Arrangements :: Obituaries :: Send Flowers :: About Us :: Services :: Pre-Plan :: At-Need
For those who require the hottest porn movies on the web, cdharrison.info is here to satisfy all of your carnal cravings.
© cdharrison.info. All models appearing on this site were 18 y.o. or older when the videos were created.
Are you getting lazy when you are exercising; you need to ensure that you observe a strategy that will keep you motivated, this time you need to buy a fit bit. The modern society has many features, and you will need to ensure that you choose the right one that will keep you working in the right manner. There is need to ensure that you get to use the best facilities to keep you working in the best way, this will offer you the right ways of carrying out the services professionally. The first thing that you need to know your goals. You all know that many fitness trackers will often motivate you to get a higher level and you need to ensure that you make it possible when you use the trackers in the right manner. You need to know that if you are activities that will help you get the right exercises and will work out for you and your health.
Check the features of the tracker that you are choosing so that you will be able to fulfill your needs in the right manner. In case you would like to know the number of flights you climb every day, you would like the one that has an altimeter and accelerometer to be able to help you in the right manner.
If you are pleased by a certain design, then you can choose to settle with it and enjoy having it. Never let anyone choose the design for you because maybe you might to like what you choose. Not all of them will have the features you like and this is why you should first shop online before going to the marketplace. It is essential that you get to learn about the best brand which makes trackers whose features as like you want. If you are the person who would have your tracker throughout, then think of a design which is appealing. Hence, this is why you need to own something you will always like wearing. If you are not comfortable with a certain design, then look for shops online which will be delivering the right services.
If you like mixing the colors of your Fitbit, then choose the ones you have in your closet. You just cannot buy any colors without considering the colors you like wearing most times. The colors you will be selecting will tell you a lot about you, and this is why you need to choose wisely. Maybe you can choose one of your favorite colors is what you need to consider. Be sure that you have liked your tracker so that you do not end up regretting why you bought it.
There is a sort of a craze of some kind and a crave of some sort for the NFL replica football jerseys as we see nearly each and everyone looking forward to having one for themselves. Particularly, this happens to be the case when the new season for football sets in and from your local sports apparel shops you will often find these garments selling out so fast. This fact has as such led to many of the die-hard football fans contend with such difficulty when it comes to the need to get these NFL clothing from their local sports apparel shops. In most cases, at best you may end up with the ill-fitting sizes for the jerseys or worse still miss out on them entirely.
But kudos to the online NFL jersey shops in operation, missing these clothing from your nearby sports apparel shop is no longer a cause for worry as from these online dealers you will as well still be in a position to make your purchase for the NFL jerseys as an ardent football fan wishing to show support and stand with your favorite NFL team. The one thing that you can be assured of from an online shop is that these will have stocks that never run out and never out of style. Online, you will find quite a number of the sellers of the NFL jerseys and as well other sporting or football regalia that you may be interested in. The online sources actually allow you such a wide variety of choices for the NFL clothing and as well makes the purchase so easy and comfortable as to be made with just the click of a button. This as such makes it such a valid proposition for you that is considering a purchase of the NFL clothing to think of making do with the online means instead.
Nevertheless in case you are as convinced and as such going to make your procurement for the NFL jerseys online, there are as well some points that you need to be enlightened on all the same. As a fact that we all know of is the fact that the internet and business therein is as well known all over for the risks of anonymity, fraud and other such risks that it so portends. For this reason it becomes so imperative for you to be as discretional as much as you can in your choice of the websites from which you will be making your purchases and make sure that you only deal with the legit websites. You as such need to make sure that you have done such an extensive background research on a website so as to ascertain their genuineness in the online business selling NFL jerseys.
In the manufacturing industry, rapid prototyping technologies have been increasingly adopted by the product designers enabling them to make a model of a product which looks exactly the same as the final product which they intend to manufacture. Most customers who wanted a particular product to be manufactured for them caused a lot of problems for the product designers because the clients wanted to be provided with a model of the final product even before rapid prototyping technologies were introduced. In this article, you’re going to discover why is beneficial for your business to use rapid prototype manufacturing in its operations especially if you have not yet invested in the prototype manufacturing technologies and are still using the old ways of prototyping are.
It is important for your business to invest in rapid. Manufacturing because one of the key benefits that you’re going to enjoy is that you will have more ability to develop customized products for your client in accordance to how they stipulate the requirements. Being able to meet the requirements of your clients implies that your business will enjoy the benefit of clients who are fully satisfied with the expertise which you provide them with because they will be happy to know that you can deliver.
Another benefit of using rapid prototype manufacturing is that you are bound to save a lot of time and cost. The reason why you will save on time is that with the rapid prototyping equipment, you are assured of creating a model at a faster speed than you would create one using the conventional prototyping methods. The models which are treated using the rapid prototype manufacturing technologies only utilize the actual material which is required to make the model and so you will save costs as a result of minimal wastage of the materials. The other advantage of using rapid prototype manufacturing is that you’re able to determine any mistakes in the design before you can start to produce the numerous actual products. This is because the models which are treated using rapid prototype manufacturing technologies closely resemble the actual product which will eventually be produced and therefore can be tested and assessed before the mass production. Using rapid prototype manufacturing in your business will enable you to easily and quickly alter the design of the model as many times as possible so that you can achieve the final product design. This will ensure that your business can develop the best plans in the market which will be more attractive than those which are designed by your competitors which will help improve the reputation of your brand.
You should know that stock loans are very important in our lives as we need loans at times and the easiest loans that you can get is the stock loans as they are cheap and easy to apply. You should know that at time the need for the cash will require you to have the money at that urgent moment and would make you to result in the borrowing to solve the need that you have.
There are many ways that you can get the finance that you can use when you want to get the finance and one of them is to have the stock loan from the lending financial institutions which is the best loan for many ways. It is important to know that the stock loans are among the best types of the leans that you can get today because they are easy to apply. Below are the reasons as to why you should consider the stock loans.
The interest rates of the stock loans are favorable to that of the credit card and that makes the stock loans the best option. When you have a pressing debt you can be sure that the person you owe will not back down until you get the money back and to be able to have the peace of mind then you have to look for money to pay the person and therefore you should look at the help of stock loans.
If you want to buy the specific thing that you need then the stock loans are the best alternative that you can get the funding from, as you will be able to buy the car that you want, do buy the house or do the repairs that you want or even start a new business with the cash.
The emergency fund should be used for the actual purpose that it was meant to and therefore for no reason that the fund should be used on the minor problems that you do with the help of the stock loans which is easy to get and also have the low interest rate that you can be able to repay.
You should know that obtaining a stock loan is easy, as you do not have to go through a time consuming process nor even explain the reason that you need the money from since the stock loans are easy to get and apply. You should know that with the given benefits and the features the stock loans are therefore the best you can apply when it comes to loans.
The abbreviation, PPC, is used to stands for pay per click. So that a business can reach their target audience, they can use an advertising tool such as the PPC. PPC is one of the most successful online promotion methods which has been attributed to the growth and success of many businesses today. The use of the PPC as an advertising tool has increased over time all over the world due to the advancements in technologies. The PPC advertising model is very useful to many businesses since most of their potential customers are today very active on the Internet. The PPC advertising model can be a bit complex for most businesses to understand and use. Such businesses need not worry because they can hire PPC management services so that they can start using the PPC advertising model. In this article, you’re going to learn more about some of the best reasons why you should hire the best PPC management services, provider.
It is beneficial for you to use the best PPC management services because you’re going to be assured of achieving the results of your marketing campaigns fast. The reason why you are going to achieve your desired results from your marketing campaign very fast is that your campaigns are going to be around by paid search specialists who will utilize the knowledge and skills which they have in ensuring the fastest possible way of reaching your target audience. The importance of having instant results from your marketing campaigns is that you will be able to raise a lot of income in the short term and these useful especially when you are urgently in need of money to cater for various needs your business.
When you use the services of the best PPC management provider, you will realize that you will significantly reduce your dependence on SEO. When you use the PPC advertising model that is provided by a reputable a person management service provider, you will realize that your level of sales is going to increase despite not really relying on SEO, and this will be useful because even when the algorithms used by the search engines changes, you will not experience the adverse effects of these changes. The other top reason why you should hire the best PPC management services is that you’re going to boost your brand recognition. When you hire the best PPC management services company, they will provide you with the PPC advertising model that will target keywords that relate to your business and hence improve on brand awareness.
The social skills have a significant role which they play in the life of an individual. It is common for people to find the social skills being too obvious for them despite them being very pivotal. You should know that the development of the social skills will rely heavily on particular intellectual abilities. It is beneficial to have the social skills since they will help you in any social situation which you may be in. It is advantageous to have the social skills since they will provide you with the ability to engage in smooth conversation with other people. Currently, you will find the social skills instructors who will be paramount in giving you the best social skills.
You should at times find it suitable to gather a lot of information concerning all the available social skills service providers. From the long list of the social skills trainers, select the one who will suit you in the best way. Through this article, I will provide you with the clear guide which you need to use when choosing the perfect social skills trainer. At first, select the social skills trainer who will have a long exposure in the rendering of services. The well-exposed social skills instructors will understand a lot of things which makes a perfect social skills class. It is beneficial to deal with the well-exposed social skills instructors since they will give you the training services which matches high standards of quality.
Choose the social skills instructors who have a high rating due to the competent training services which they provide. You should ensure that you take time to study on the social skills instructor before starting training with them. It is advisable to make sure that you take in information from the comments which other people give regarding the kind of services which a particular social skills instructor give. The outspoken social skills instructors will not only limit you to the class work but the practice sessions as well.
Choose the social skills instructors who focus in the encouragement of the trainees. The social skills trainers should purpose to provide gifts for the students who perform well during the learning program as this will act as an inspiration. The best social skills trainer should know that not all the learners will have the same capability hence appreciate the ones who are having hardship during the learning.
Finally, select the social skills trainer who has well-organized training sessions for the learners. The excellent instructor for the social skills are the ones who will have a timetable which they follow. Go for the social skills trainers who will not stop at the class work but instead will give you extra contents which will be more resourceful in your training.
There are several benefits that humans get from the existence of trees. It will be necessary for you to get rid of some trees that pose as a danger. Hiring the services of tree removal services is a good idea when such an unfortunate thing arises. One of the instances, when a tree can pose a danger, is when it has been left unattended to, and the branches grow longer. There are trees that start rotting as they get older and it is during such instances when you will need to cut them down to avoid future destruction. You will be overwhelmed by the task of removing a tree, and that is why it is better to look for tree removal services.
There are several tree removal services and that makes it important for you to find the best service. Some things need to be considered before you get a tree removal service. You will be on the safe side when carrying out research on the company that you are arranging to hire. Both insured and licensed tree removal companies are the best ones that you need to consider. You should also look at the reputation of the company before you consider hiring it. A well-known company is a good choice that you can make when you are searching for such a company. The budgets for tree removal normally varies from one company to another, but in most instances, the established companies have affordable prices.
There are many activities which are involved in tree removal, and it is because of that, that you will need to find a service provider who has the necessary tools that will be used for the exercise. Tree removal companies are made up of experts who know what needs to be done during tree removal, and they bring on board many benefits. For instance, when a dangerous tree is near a house, there needs to be a better method used in its cutting so that it cannot destroy nearby structures. Tallness, form, thickness, and quantity of the branches is what will determine the amount of money that you will pay for your tree removal.
There are many things which are involved in tree removal, and all these are looked upon before the activity commences. Some of the things which are done include taking measurements so that the tree or branches do not fall on any structure or vehicles. There are many benefits which are associated with hiring a tree removal service provider.
A good idea will come to you once, and you should come up with measures to protect your idea. However, people have no idea that patenting your idea will ensure that it is not stolen. Patenting your idea allows you to use crowdfunding to get enough money required to make your idea a reality. However, you should be careful when getting patent services because of there are a lot of malicious companies that can take advantage of you. The following steps will ensure you choose good patent services.
Begin by looking for companies, which specialize in the patent process. Invention promotion agencies are companies who offer assistance with the patent process. These are companies that have a team of lawyers who have specialized in patent law, and they will guide you through the process. The companies use various online sources to post all the information you need about their services. Take note of the approval ratings of the companies.
Set up a meeting with the company agents of these agencies so that you can have an idea of their services. Preparing a series of questions will ensure that you get all the information you require about the services offered by the companies. Confirm whether the companies have all the legal documentation. A valid license is a proof that the company is legitimate. If the company agents are patent attorneys ensure you check whether they are qualified. This will act as proof of the proficiency of the lawyers.
Get more information on how long the invention corporation firms have been in the industry. Choosing a company that has been in the industry for many years increase the odds of you getting high-quality services. Enquire whether the companies can give you information on clients they have worked with on previous occasions. A company that willingly gives you this list is acting in good faith. Get in touch with the customers who have worked with these companies to get more information on their services.
Enquire about the prices of the agencies. Carefully scrutinize the information you have collected from these companies. Weigh the benefits and shortcomings of each company, so that you can easily compare the services of each company. You can also look for a patent lawyer to help you make a sane decision on the best company to choose. After you have considered all of the above factors, go ahead and choose a company that is offering the best patent services.
When it comes to buying your home, it is not an easy task. The reason behind this is, there are very many home sellers out there and if you are not cautious enough, you may be lured by the strong acumen of the property sales people. At the end of it all, your main purpose is to buy a home that meets the needs of your family, your needs and most importantly the one which is within your budget. Ideally, it is good if you have savvy tips that you can use to make a wise home purchase and this is the reason why this piece has been developed for you.
To start with, it is important to make sure that you are working with a reputable real estate company. A reputable realtor plays a number of roles such as ensuring that you have a variety of options of homes to choose from. The several options gives you freedom to choose a home that suits you best in terms of location, budget and customization. Such a realtor also has great connections to various property financiers such that in case you need loan to facilitate your home buying, he will make arrangements for you unlike if you choose any small real estate company out there, it may have limited options to choose from.
In addition do your home work by conducting necessary research before you buy your home. Here it is important that you know the prevailing price of homes around your area. Additionally knowing the rules and the guidelines that dictate the lifestyle of those living in the location where you want to buy a home. The reason for this is that some resident are sometimes restricted on which pets to keep, which fencing designs to use or the garbage collection depending on the rules of a certain estate. Those who do not do this get disappointed on realizing that they have to give up their favorite pets if they are to move to their new houses. Besides getting the right information about the cost of homes in the region makes it easy for you when making financial decisions like taking a loan to top up to the money you have depending on how the homes are priced in the area. Besides you will be able to know the fair price you are likely to buy the house meaning you will not give in to exploitative home sellers.
Finally before setting your mind on a particular estate make visits to several the estates. Here the point is to make comparisons of the estate to confirm that you have chosen to buy a house in the best of them. You will be checking the accessibility of social amenities like shopping malls, hospitals and schools.
There has been a noticeable rise in the number of cars in the 21st century. We cannot overlook the fact that this rise has brought about the increased traffic. To avoid the delays in traffic, individuals have sought out ways they can have the best traveling experience without sitting in traffic for hours. There has been the quest to eliminate the traffic in most parts of the world and the advancement in technology has been seen to aid this process. The increased use of a scooters has seen people avoid long hours in traffic and they are able to travel to their destination in a free manner.
There are various places where you can get electric scooters for sale, and hence you need to invest your time and resources checking out some of this shops. You are assured that gotrax is one of the electric scooter sellers who have the zeal to help you get the best electric scooter as well as other devices as you would have desired. You will be able to get some benefits once you have decided to use electric scooters and therefore you should ensure that you take your time to purchase one. It is advisable that you read more to learn some of the reasons why electric scooter are ideal for anybody who would not want to sit in traffic for hours.
Since electric scooters are cheaper as compared to other bikes, this makes them ideal for anybody who would want a scooter. Research has shown that electric scooters are cheaper and they cost less for every mile that one rides and this makes it ideal as opposed to the normal bikes. As the number of bikes has been increasing, it is now clear that this had adverse effects on the environment due to the increased pollution. With an electric scooter, there is less pollution, and therefore you should be wise to purchase this device. The effects of global warming brought about by the burning of fossil fuels will not be felt since electric scooters do not use fossil fuels.
Also, electric scooters have a quiet performance, and this makes it ideal for the environment since there is no noise pollution. The operation process of this electric scooters is easy, and one has to be very keen to purchase this scooter over the traditional scooters. You are assured that electric scooters can be charged while at home and this makes them ideal for any user. You should note that electric scooters are much cheaper as opposed to another kind of scooters. The maintenance cost of an electric scooter is much less as compared to another kind of scooters and one has to be very keen while choosing one.
Getting married is something most people look forward to. Once a couple has announced their engagement to their friends and family, they will need to start planning their Iceland wedding. While this may sound like a relatively easy process, it can be quite complicated.
One of the main decisions a couple will have to make about their wedding is where they are going to have it. With all of the different wedding venues out there, finding the right one will require a great deal of research. Read below to find out more about how to find the right wedding venue.
The first thing a couple needs to consider when trying to find the right venue for their wedding is how big it needs to be. In order to figure this out, a couple will need to look at their guest list for their big day. By overestimating the number of people that will attend, a couple should be able to start narrowing down the list of available venues in their area.
The last thing a couple wants is to settle for a venue that is too small to accommodate their guests. This will only lead to big headaches and stress.
One of the best ways to truly assess what a wedding venue has to offer is by taking a tour. These tours will provide a couple with an in-depth look at what a particular venue can provide. When taking these tours, a couple will need to take a look at the condition of the venue.
A couple will also need to find out what type of amenities are being offered. Once a couple has this information, they can start to narrow down the list of venues with ease. Neglecting to take these tours will make it hard for to find the best venue.
Setting a budget for the venue rental ahead of time is also a good idea. By doing this, a couple can avoid getting in over their head financially when trying to choose a rental. The time and effort invested in this process will pay off in the long run.
If you have a business, then you are aware that you should be filing tax returns and submitting tax to the authorities. Even though you might be aware of this, you might not have the knowledge to comply with the tax regulations, and you have no option but to hire a tax consultant. Fortunately, many tax consultants and firms are available, and thus, it is not tedious to find a tax consultant. Choosing a tax consultant at the last minute when you want to file returns is not recommendable because you will have adequate time. If you want the excellent tax services, then you should carefully choose a tax consultant, and if you do not know how to go about the process, then this article provides an elaborate guide.
Check the qualifications of the tax consultant – Taxation is a complex subject, and if you do not choose a highly qualified tax consultant, he is likely to commit mistakes that can land your company into problems. You should choose a consultant who is licensed by the relevant authorities and has attained the highest possible qualifications. Further, checking the credentials helps you to avoid the trap of quacks who pose as tax experts.
Consider a specialized tax consultant – Taxation is abroad field, and that is why there are tax consultants who specialize in specific areas. Remember tax consultants have specializations in particular areas such as real estate, and if you choose a tax consultant for a wrong purpose, you might not benefit from the services. Further, tax consultants are conversant with tax issues in particular businesses, and thus, you should inquire if the tax consultant has knowledge about handling tax issues for businesses of a similar nature as yours.
Consider experience – If a tax consultant has been in practice for a considerable period, then the chances are high that he can offer you satisfactory tax consultation services. He can solve complex tax issues, and he will complete the job in time with delays that could result in fines and penalties. Do not be enticed by the low charges of inexperienced tax consultants who are likely to make costly mistakes and put your company in trouble.
Affordability of the tax consultation services – Tax consultants charge different rates for their services, and you should compare them to identify the most affordable one. Remember that tax consultation is a bit costly and therefore, you should have a reasonable budget so that you find the best services. High fees do not necessarily mean best tax consultation services while the low rates might not give the best quality services.
The character of the tax consultant – Besides qualifications and experience, the character of a tax consultant plays an integral role. It might be challenging to know the reputation of a tax consultant, but you can check the online reviews and contact previous clients. Check the reputation of a tax consultant or firm on the online reviews or talk to some of its past clients.
There are different ways by which people spend their leisure time. Majority of the population choose to spend this time that they have just by being at their houses doing things there like reading or binge watching. There are some people who choose to spend some of their leisure time outdoors. For the men who live in Colorado there are many among them who choose to spend their leisure time doing fly fishing there. If you are not from Colorado and you visit that place you can easily pass by some men who are doing fly fishing while you are there.
Now it could be that you are one of the people who have moved to Colorado and you have noticed how a lot of men there like fly fishing. There are many good things that you can have when you have fly fishing as an activity for you. First is that fly fishing will give you the wonderful opportunity to be with nature. You can still your mind when you do this activity. Thus there are many who choose this activity as one good way for them to destress from a hard week at work.
Now that you have become acquainted with the benefits that you can get from this activity how do you start doing it then? What you need to do first is to buy the basic gear that is needed in the fly fishing activity. What you need is a fly and a cast for a start. If you would look at a website or a fly fishing store you would find many kinds of equipment that can be used for this. But you need not be overwhelmed by it because for a beginner like you, you just need the basics to begin with. Now if you have become into it then that is the time that you may purchase other specialized gear that is used for this sport.
Now what you need to do in order to learn fly fishing is to take a class on it. Since there are many fly fishing enthusiasts in Colorado it will not be hard for you to find a class on fly fishing there. It will be a great advantage for you to take such a class as there you will be able to learn the basics of fly fishing. The instructor will be able to demonstrate to you the proper way to cast your fly so that you increase your chances of catching a fish.
When you are finished with your class and you want to try it out what you need is to look for a guide to come with you as you start fly fishing. The guide will help you do it the right way.
There has been a shift on people’s perspectives on beauty and now more people are willing to put in some effort to ensure that they will look good as opposed to the past where this was only a reserve of the media personalities and celebrities. This means that many producers are continually coming up with different products that will help people to look better. The products are taken through various research and testing so as to be sure that they will achieve the objective of beauty enhancement.
The science behind most of these beauty products that they have elements that are boost skin development thus make it look better and healthier. Most of the beauty products come in different variations depending on one’s skin type and complexion as they aim at helping one retain their natural look. The other alternative to these commercial beauty product are natural products which can easily be found at home as these ones have no chemicals hence are safe for use. For instance a person can take natural supplements to get rid of acne or to help their skin to look shiny. The other aspect that is important is the application of these beauty products as one should follow the instructions given when using them to achieve optimum results.
The places where a person can come across these beauty products as well ranges from beauty shops in physical stores as well as on the internet. The prices of these products also differ widely with some being extremely cheap while others going at a higher price, though one should look into the credibility of these cheaper brands to avoid compromising on quality a this would end up damaging the appearance one wanted to improve. Expensive products are usually an indication that the producers used high quality ingredients and have tested it which make people trust such brands thus are able to apart with the high amounts the products demand. The best way to approach any purchase is by having a budget set out in advance that enables one to assess if the number of products are within the budget thus making them buy only the necessary products necessary.
The internet is flooded with different websites in which one can buy these beauty products. The advantage of buying beauty products via online platforms is due to their reduced prices. This is because they serve a wider market thus they buy their products in bulk which explains their lower prices. The other advantage of buying these products online is in the fact that one can access information from other online sources as such on blogs or other customers who give feedback on these products. This information enables a customer to make an informed decision when buying these beauty products.
We need to see to it that we can be in the right health that we need at any time. We need to always have some measured that will be instrumental in helping us get the best health that we need at any time. This will always be when it comes to any part of the body that we have. Having some complications may always render us inefficient for the work that we might have. Having weak pelvic floors can be one of the conditions that we might have. We need to have some well outlined measure that will help us take care of the problem. One of the ways of handling the issue is by visiting a specialist.
One of the action that we can take is the kegel exercises. The kegel exercises will have the effect of helping us improve our pelvic floors at any time. It is up to us to get the right kegel exercises that will help us get desirable results. We can also decide to get help from people we trust to help us get the best outcomes.
In order for u to have the best practice we also need to see to it that we can get the best kegel devices. There are some tips that might help us get the best kegel devices that we need. One of the ways of doing this is by asking our doctors. The reason behind this is that they can help us get the best devices that we can use at any given time. The doctors will always evaluate our condition before they can point us to the kegel devices that we need.
The web can be another area that we can look up for the kegel devices that we need. We can always depend on the service of the internet by looking at the kegel devices that will be helpful to us. We can always be in a position to get the best device by looking at the kegel devices that we need at any time. It is vital that we read all the information provided along each kegel exercise device for u to get the best devices. It is from this that we can make a firm decision of the best device.
Since the kegel condition is a delicate condition we need to always be careful. Our friend can also be helpful whenever we are deciding on the best kegel devise that we can use for our condition. This will always be effective if we have friend that had a similar problem in the past.
Teacup Schnauzers must weigh between 14 to 18 pounds considering that they are full grown and should stand 12 to 14 inches. If the dog is larger or smaller, then this required weight and height is considered a fault by American Miniature Schnauzer Club. Meaning to say, entering them in a competition is almost impossible.
Teacup and Toy size Miniature Schnauzers can never be a show dog since their height must never go beyond 11 inches and their weight must reach between 3 to 11 pounds. On the other hand, they still can have “champion bloodlines” in their pedigree assuming that their past relatives have met the requirements and has completed show competition. Always remember that toy and teacup schnauzers are also miniature schnauzers. To put it simply, when you register a toy schnauzer or teacup schnauzer, its registration paper will show as a purebred “miniature schnauzer”. Remember that the term “toy” and “teacup” is only used as a reference to their smaller estimated adult sizes and shouldn’t be considered as separate breed.
Number 1. Toy Schnauzers have similar lifespan of regular miniature schnauzer which is around 12 to 15 years plus.
Number 2. These dogs aren’t fragile like a Chihuahua or toy poodle as they have a sturdier, stocky build. On the other hand, young children ought to be supervised around their mother as a puppy in order to prevent injuries.
Number 3. You should not give your children a Teacup even though they have a small figure. When they leave us, they’re less than a kilo and thus, very fragile until they’re 6 months or even older.
Number 4. A Miniature Schnauzer is listed on AKC’s top 10 list as one of the most intelligent dogs out of all the 175 plus breeds. Toy sizes are as loving and smart and fond of doing tricks, has great agility and obedience.
Number 5. When you have a teacup schnauzer neutered/spayed, you may need to have some puppy teeth pulled, like all other toy breeds. It is so important to not forget this thing otherwise, they might develop undesirable jaw line.
Number 6. Your puppy needs to eat 3x a day until it’s around 3 to 4 months old. With their small figure, they’ll be subject to hypoglycemia so make sure that you are supervising their meals and make it a point that they are eating on time and with the right portion.
If you are thinking of a small and cute dog to pet, then a Teacup Schnauzer may be the right breed for you.
If you want to make your event great, hire limos. It will not matter the kind of occasion you have, limos will just make it look beautiful and very organized. The good thing with limos is that they can be hired in any type of event. if you are holding a wedding and want to give your friends the most executive means of transportation, then do not think of anything else. Limos will give that picture you want to them. There are very many companies that usually offer this service. The companies usually offer all the executive and comfortable means of transport. If you also want the shuttle services, you can find them through these companies. There are transportation services. When your child is coming from paying a visit to their favorite uncle in another states, you can send the limos to pick them. The limos are usually secure and very safe and your child or guests will arrive safely. When you hire them to pick your guests or children, you are very sure that they will arrive safely.
You don’t have to leave your business in the hands of the cashier that you never trust to go and pick your child. You can hire the limo services. This way, you will also have given them the best lifestyle ever and they will also appreciate. If you are holding an executive event or even a birthday party, hiring the limos will make your even look just good. You can even hire them for a whole day if you want your visitors to be moved around the city with luxurious vehicles. Limos are not only for those who have functions or large events. You can hire them at any time of the day you just want to be driven like an executive. When going for a spree for example, you will need to hire the limos to take you through the places with the best nightlife. You can trust them with knowing every part of the city where you hire them.
However, when it comes to hiring limos or luxurious vehicles, people never know where exactly to find them. You can find the limo services from the internet. These companies are usually very many in every state. You will only need to search for luxurious limo services near me. In the search results, you will get more than fifty such companies. The companies usually charge little money for such services. People usually mistaken limos for the wealthy. For as long as you have the money, you can hire the limo services. By checking their websites, you will be able to select from the model to the color. You can also choose a limo of any size or shape.
It is possible that the equipment at your business may malfunction at certain times. The equipment which you use at your business premises are very important in helping to keep the operations of the business flowing. When you have encountered problems with equipment that your business, you should ensure that the immediate step that you take is to seek the services of a repair company so that you reduce the interruption to your business. In this article, you will learn more about some of the best reasons why you should use the best commercial equipment repair services.
It is beneficial for you to seek the services of the best commercial equipment service companies because they are going to provide you with trained technicians that will guarantee you of the highest quality of repair services. The best technicians who work for reputable commercial equipment repair service companies will take care of all kinds of repairs that you may want ranging, from minor repairs to significant repairs. The repair job is going to be done very quickly which means that you will bounce back to the operations of your business in no time and thus significantly reduce your losses. You will also avoid getting disappointments when you hire highly trained technicians because if you were to hire untrained technicians, you will have been provided with a wide repair job that would keep recurring.
It is also of great benefit for you to use the services of the best commercial equipment repair service company because you’re going to be provided with a wide selection of repair services. Some of the services which you can expect to be provided by the best commercial equipment repair company include commercial refrigerator repairs, commercial kitchen repairs, and commercial washer repairs. The good thing about this is that you’re going to enjoy a lot of conveniences since you can multiple repair services a transfer from one commercial equipment repair service provider.
It is also important for you to use the services of the best commercial equipment repair service company because they are going to provide you with some of the best prices in the market. Since most businesses aim at reducing the expenses, you will find the affordable prices that you are offered very useful since you will significantly minimize your repair expenses. If you are interested in learning more about the best reasons for using the services of commercial equipment repair companies, be sure to check out this page.
As a matter of fact, selling a house or home is not an easy or smooth process. The main reason is that you will still be planning on how to move as well as where to get a new house. It is these different goals that will be stressing you. That is why you need to look for a convenient way of selling the house.
Selling the house can be caused by different reasons. First, you can sell your smaller house if you have bought a new bigger one. Another reason to do so is relocation. You can also sell your house if you have been transferred to a far area. Unexpected occurrences such as medical expenses and bills can also contribute to house selling.
On the other hand, a rental house can be sold if it does not generate expected income or you have been facing challenges trying to manage it. You can also sell a house if you do not want it. Emergency occurrences and relocation situations will demand you sell your house fast Brooklyn without having to carry out any repair.
In addition, unwanted houses will not be repaired when a seller is looking for a buyer. Due to this fact, you need to look for a more convenient way of selling the real estate property in its distressed state. Therefore, you have to sell it to New York we buy houses home buyers. Dealing with these investors will be advantageous in various ways.
The first benefit is fast and short selling process. When you deal with these buyers, you are going to enjoy these benefits. In fact, dealing with these buyers mostly takes a week or less to complete the transactions. However, this is not possible when selling methods like brokerage are used.
Their property or home buying process is short and convenient. During a sale, you will not go looking for brokers or realtors but rather communicating with the buyer. After communication, the rest will be done by the buyer including house assessment. The buyer will be assessing whether the house has met buying standards and criteria.
You will get a no-obligation offer from the buyer if he has found the house to meet his purchase criteria. The main reason for issuing a no-obligation offer is to allow you bargain in regard to the asset price. The other step is ownership exchange. Closing follows after the exchange. This will come with time and money saving.
There are a few points of interest that people can get with history degrees other than essentially getting some answers concerning the history and in this talk, we will outfit you with a bit of the inclination that can be given history degrees. It is intriguing how history can give students’ abilities that are kept to concentrate about the past as well as accomplish logical aptitudes which help them with regards to organizing data and crucial basic leadership which are vital in our everyday exercises. Clearly, history is exceptionally applicable to us and this implies with the goal for us to have the capacity to comprehend the present undertakings we will need to contemplate the past since whatever is going on around us is vigorously impacted by what had just happened beforehand. A history degree is perceived as an investment in an individual’s future and this means that if it is studied properly and at an esteemed university it will definitely give a good and positive impression on your CV which will make it be more marketable to employers. Another preferred standpoint of history degrees is the way that they support autonomy among students implying that they are given the capacity to lead their own investigation into the past and they are typically allowed to create potential hypotheses and lines of thought which assemble a free character to the person.
Different focal points of examining history incorporate the social mindfulness that is made which empowers students to have the capacity to all the more likely comprehend other individuals’ lifestyle and this influences them to have the capacity to acknowledge different societies and races. Clearly when you get a chance to take a look at the mankind’s history you will find that there are specific examples which generally repeat themselves and this implies when you get the chance to ponder history you will get a chance to gain from the past and this will empower you to have the capacity to stay away from specific circumstances that may not be valuable to you.
A history degree normally includes an extensive proportion of research and this infers an individual is for the most part outfitted with faultless research aptitudes which may incite an extended sentiment of investigation and examination and the ability to meet due dates in quickly paced environments. A history degree can similarly land you an awesome position in the government or the private territory in the particular positions which may require a man with strong research and demonstrative capacities and who will value investing long hours of time and energy studying and educating others on particular disclosures.
Powered by WordPress | Theme Designed by: r4 3ds uk | Thanks to r43ds UK, recommend this and http://www.r43dsworld.co.uk/
Scott Campbell is an award winning photographer, whose work has been published in Photo District News, Town & Country, Southern Accents, Item and Venice magazines. For the past 20 years he has been helping his clients grow by providing stunning images and outstanding customer service.
Working in San Francisco bay area for the last 20 years, Scott has an intimate knowledge of the importance of building relationships with his clients. Always able to collaborate seamlessly with clients and creative directors while preserving a signature of his own.
When a Commercial Tenant or an Industrial Tenant has failed to pay rent, the Landlord can Terminate the Lease, HOWEVER cannot then Distrain against the tenants goods (claim to seize goods to pay the rent): An Eviction Notice is created by the Landlord or property owner. It terminates the lease and/or instructs a tenant to vacate the property. The Eviction Notice of the Commercial Tenant of better known as "Tenant Lockout" can be performed by a Bailiff in Palmerston Ontario. Palmerston Ontario Commercial Landlords, if you have a tenant who is behind in the rent or otherwise in default under your lease agreement TAKE ACTION and call a licensed Palmerston Ontario Bailiff for a free consultation.
'The Notice of Termination informs the tenant that, pursuant to the Commercial Tenancies Act R.S.O. 1990, the landlord has retained a Bailiff as their agent to change the locks and the lease has been terminated. and forfeited. The notice also advises the tenant that the landlord may seek damages for the unexpired balance of the term by legal means (Small Claims Court max $25,000.00)
Tenant Abandonment - If the tenant has left the premises and removed all goods, the landlords' only recourse is to terminate and collect arrears in court.
Midnight Move (Distress) - Before distress has been levied and the re are no arrears- Landlord loses the right to distress and no action can be taken. Certain circumstances that include accelerated rent clause may allow for court ordered recovery of losses. - If during the act of removing the goods the landlord, who must have arrears owing, can retain bailiff, produce warrant & notices, and get documentation served on tenant, he may be able to secure the remainder of goods on the premises. - Goods removed after Distress has been levied - Constitutes illegal removal and goods can be followed off premise and seized. Bailiff can follow goods up to 30 days.
Palmerston Ontario Commercial tenants can be evicted for non-payment of rent which exceeds the amount that is due. The 'Commercial Tenancies Act R.S.O. 1990 permits the Landlord to use ' Self Help Remedies" which include hiring a Palmerston Ontario Bailiff to Terminate the tenancy without a court order, such as is required for residential evictions. The law normally provides that if the tenant is in violation or breach of the lease or agreement, the Landlord must give the tenant proper notice to correct the violation or breach (non payment of rent) to avoid eviction. Commercial leases will often state that if the tenant is in violation or breach of the lease, a notice of 5 days or more must be given. An Palmerston Ontario Landlord must give reasonable time or notice before the eviction - as per the Commercial Tenancies Act - a 15-day notice is required before the locks can be changed. see below for more details.
The time period can be important for both the Landlord and the Tenant: since failing to correct the matter within the short time can result in eviction for the Tenant and or the Financial loss of the Landlord's business. Particularly for those Landlords who don't read their own leases, they may start an eviction without proper notice, too soon, or thinking they can 'Hold the Tenants Goods as Hostage'.
Landlords often have to act quickly to exercise their rights under the Commercial Tenancies Act Landlords and should act with proper Legal advice to execute an eviction. A cost effective solution is to hire an Palmerston Ontario Bailiff professional, to act as your agent in the se complicated and sometimes confrontational issues.
- Landlords must notify tenants in writing of specific breaches of the lease and allow a reasonable period of time for them to comply before terminating the lease.
- Landlords may have the right to terminate a tenancy when tenants fail to fulfil their obligations as outlined in the lease.
- Landlords have the right to apply to the Superior Court of Justice (or depending on the amount, Small Claims Court) to seek damages from the tenant for arrears amounts, costs of re-claiming their property as well as future unpaid amounts during the term of the lease.
- Tenants must pay their rent on the date agreed in the lease - Tenants cannot hold back rent because a Landlord has failed to fulfill their obligations as outlined in the lease.
- Tenants have the right to take their disputes with the Landlord to Small Claims Court for disputes concerning money or personal property under $25,000. Otherwise, an application must be made to the Superior Court of Justice.
The Palmerston Ontario Eviction Process and Evictions Laws are carefully administrated by a Appointed or Licensed Bonded Palmerston Ontario Bailiff. The Tenants Rights in Palmerston Ontario has to be maintained at all times when evicting a tenant in Palmerston Ontario. For any additional forms that may be required by a tenant eviction law or eviction form, can be Process Served by a Palmerston Ontario Bailiff for a small nominal fee.
Enforcement of the Palmerston Ontario Commercial Tenancies Act is permitted by a Appointed or Licensed Bonded Palmerston Ontario Bailiff. The Tenants Rights in Palmerston Ontario has to be observed at all times when evicting a commercial / industrial tenant in Palmerston Ontario . For Any additional documents that may be required pursuant to Commercial Tenancies Act can be Process Served by a Palmerston Ontario Bailiff for a small nominal fee,
A landlord can hire a Bailiff to change the locks of the unit and evict on the 16th day after the day rent was due.
. After the locks have been changed, Landlords should allow tenants reasonable access to the rental unit to remove their property.
(Documents and invoices are transparent to client. We do not markup the costs/disbursements, you get an original copy of the bills and invoices)
No, this would put a tenant in a position to be evicted. A tenant may apply to court if a landlord fails to meet obligations.
If you are a Palmerston Ontario Landlord and have executed your own Tenant Lockout, you may need to speak to a Paralegal or Lawyer. It is imperative to properly notify all parties and post Notice to anyone having interest in the Tenant's belongings. You will eventually have to obtain 2 - Certified and Accredited Personal Property Appraisals - before you can liquidate the goods left behind from the Tenant. You must give sufficient time for the Tenant to remove their belongings.
A landlord may choose to hire a Palmerston Ontario Bailiff for assistance; they are private companies and are generally listed in the Yellow Pages or
A breach of the lease by a tenant may be grounds to evict. The landlord should consult a lawyer or apply to the Superior Count of Justice to have a judge decide if the tenant has breached the lease, and if so, to have the lease terminated and the tenant evicted.
5) If a lease allows the landlord to evict if the lease is breached, what does the landlord have to do to proceed with the eviction?
The landlord must serve a notice of forfeiture and a reasonable amount of time must be provided for the tenant to vacate the unit.
It depends upon the facts. If there is any question about whether the tenancy is residential or commercial, the Landlord and Tenant Board will hold a hearing and make a decision. Either the landlord or the tenant may apply to the Board. The Board can be reached at: 416.645.8080 or 1.888.332.3234.
At the hearing, the Board will consider the terms of the lease as well as look at all the circumstances. For example, despite what is in the lease, the landlord may have consented to a residential arrangement or encouraged the tenant to use the premises for residential purposes. If so, the landlord may be bound by the provisions of the Residential Tenancies Act, 2006. However, a tenant may be living in a commercial space with a commercial lease in contravention of the terms of the lease or in contravention of city by-laws or other applicable laws, without the landlord's knowledge or consent. In this case, the landlord would likely be able to pursue the remedies available under the Commercial Tenancies Act or applicable common law.
If a tenant is breaking the rules of the lease, the landlord can serve a notice of forfeiture demanding that the illegal activities stop. The length of time for the tenant to fix the problem should be based on the seriousness of the breach: immediate eviction may be appropriate for serious problems. Landlords may apply to the Superior Court of Justice for an order ending the tenancy, and a "writ of possession" to evict the tenant. If the lease does not prohibit illegal activities then the landlord may have no recourse, except for informing the police. Landlords should talk to a lawyer to evaluate their options.
Fixtures that are attached to the unit, regardless of who installed them, must stay with the property unless there is an agreement otherwise. Items of personal property that are movable can generally be removed from the property. If there is a dispute, it can be resolved in Small Claims Court for items worth $25,000 or less and in the Superior Court of Justice for amounts that exceed $25,000. Fixtures are not detailed in the Commercial Tenancies Act. Whether items are fixtures and how they are to be dealt with have been established through the courts. Each case must be decided on its own merits. Legal advice should be sought.
We can provide FREE Consultations to Landlords; draft Notices and provide Process Serving for Notices for Palmerston Ontario; Tenant Eviction by a Bailiff in Palmerston Ontario, Tenant Notice Eviction of Forfeiture, Notice of Default Commercial Lease, Change the locks when Tenants not pay their rent.
Thoughts and tirades that don't fit into any of my books. A collection of items of limited interest to anyone.
At this very moment visitors to the great state where I live are climbing into their cars, boarding a train, or flying toward my location. Many of them are coming for the big game (I’d use the name, but the … Continue reading →
Posted in extraordinarily sage advice and unwanted butting in, law enforcement, popular culture, ranting, snow shoe, Uncategorized	| Tagged asian, clark griswold, drugs, frogger, frogtown, going up north, hitting deer with car, hookers, ice, luminary loppet, lutefisk, minneapolis, minnesota, mosquito, pretention, prince, prostitution, snow, snow bank, snow shoe, snowshoe, swamp, the big game, twin cities, university avenue, vacation, we don't belong here, winter carnival, world class, wrong exit	| Comments Off on Welcome to Minnesota.
Since it appears that winter will never actually end in Minnesota, I’m just going to go right back to the Santa posts for a while. My Christmas lights will not be unplugged until the last snow vanishes from my backyard. … Continue reading →
I started writing again the other day. It was a long hiatus since shipping off the manuscript to the publishers last fall and my first serious work on the new book. Please follow me on Twitter, and “Like” the Facebook author … Continue reading →
Submarine commander Aiexi Novskoyy has been sprung from prison by a multibillion-dollar organization with a very special mission in mind. The company has designed a new submarine - the Vepr - which they will use to wreak havoc on international trade. To test its new weapon, Alexi must sink a cruise ship carrying the entire brass of the US Navy - effectively decapitating the American fleet.
The legendary USS Devilfish is called in to stop the catastrophe, only to be ambushed by the ultra-advanced Vepr. With the Devilfish down, the Navy sends Captain “Kelly” McKee and the newest sub in the US arsenal to hunt down and destroy the super sub. What they don’t realize is that Alexi has his own plans, which have him heading straight for the shores of America.
The East China Sea. Six Japanese submarines are attacked and believed destroyed. To the world, it seems like an accident. But to one man, former submarine commander Dick Donchez, it is the first act of war. He alone knows the truth: That the old guard of Red China has stolen the subs to wage a massive attack against the new Free China.
One of the classics of the genre, and the only book I'd ever read that killed off the ... well, you'll have to listen to find that out. Perfect for the fan of technothrillers. Written by a master, voiced by the author of this blog. First book of the series that I recorded for the author.
High stakes in this undersea battle between the United States and Islamic United Forces. Second book in the series that I've recorded.
Barracuda is the fourth book in the series, and the third one I've recorded for Michael DiMercurio. It's action packed, and a good listen at about 13 hours! It stands alone, or fits nicely into the series. (But listen to them in order if you want the full effect.)
A volatile new state calling itself Greater Manchuria emerges out of the political and military strife of Asia. Thanks to the connections of its brash leader, it boasts an atomic arsenal. Japan, threatened by its proximity to nuclear disaster, shocks the world by launching a sophisticated preemptive strike against its new neighbor.
Voxmasters provides high-quality audio book recording for Christian authors. Check out the link for your next book's transition to audio book.
Audio post production is the general term for all stages of production happening between the actual recording in a studio and the completion of a master recording. It involves, sound design, sound editing, audio mixing, and the addition of effects.
Audio Post Production usually refers to audio that is syncronized with video. This applies to TV, cinema, and commercials. One major aspect of audio post production is the use of ADR, or automatic dialogue replacement. Sometimes the original, or production audio, lacks in performance or quality, and the actor or actors are brought into a sound studio to record some or all of their dialogue from the project. Other elements such as foley, music, and voiceover are also added during post production.
The post process in music is usually referred to as mixing. With today's increasing amount of music software and musicians creating electronic music in their homes, post production is often done by the musicians themselves. The process typically involves equalization, audio level compression, multi-band audio compression, and limiting. This process somewhat overlaps but should not be mistaken for the term mastering, as post production is usually performed on a per-song basis, whereas mastering is aimed at preparing an entire list of songs for a specific media type.
Get the most use of space from your electric kiln. This maybe a new idea for you or you already do this and its old hat.
As many here use electric kilns and may not be aware of what is possible as far as stacking your work-whether its sculpture or pots.
You do not have to place them with space between or even on the feet- pack it tight. One can fill every nook by placing pottery in any direction.
I only bisque fire in my electrics and rarely at best these days,as the gas kilns are larger and cheaper for me to run. That said when I need a little last minute work Iâ€™ll fire one up in the evening as thatâ€™s the best electric rate with my (TOU) Time Of Use electric meter. If you fire your electric kiln a lot you may want to check with your utility on this meter as you are charged different rates at peak times and lesser rates off peak. The meter does have a daily charge to own. Ours paid for its self in a few months as we try to only use power on things like cloths washing-dryers (motors) and electric kiln use off-peak hours.
I use kiln shelves as usual during the loading but stackpots in all directions per layer to get the most use of space. Whatever you can squeeze in-filling the insides of pots, pots on the edge or upside down or sideways-no matter
The key thing is that the work is bone dry. Now this may not work on a sculpture you have worked on for 3 months and is still wet in the center.
Beautiful load! My students always freak if I put something on its side. You can do that?!? Won't it break?!? Love it.
Whatever you do, try to keep things at least an inch away from the elements, as being too close can shorten element life.
That is an impressive stacking and just like Neils' students it frightens me. Do you plan this stacking before you load? It looks a bit haphazard. The clay you are using must be stoneware. It is a work horse of a body, but I am not so sure this stacking is good for porcelain. And it is not the kind of thing I would be willing to test, not with thin porcelain vessels, earthenware maybe.
It is also necessary to measure the top shelf for clearances. A few vessels in your photo look as if they will touch the lid when it is closed.
One thing you mentioned about the sculptures not being dry inside, I would suggest to sculptors to use cardboard cylinders or cones for armatures for they are easily removed from sculptures as they get wet from the clay. They provide a hollow core in the piece. They can then prop the piece on small blocks leaving the core unobstructed allowing for more even drying.
Porcelain works for this as well. Paper thin might be an issue, but regular functional pot thickness is fine.
I'll have to try that, Mark, I have lower electric rates at night as well, so I can really load up the kiln.
That is an impressive stacking and just like Neils's students it frightens me. Do you plan this stacking before you load? It looks a bit haphazard. The clay you are using must be stoneware. It is a work horse of a body, but I am not so sure this stacking is good for porcelain. And it is not the kind of thing I would be willing to test, not with thin porcelain vessels, earthenware maybe.
Its all porcelain -Laguna's Dave's porcelain-and its very haphazard. I have been doing this for 35+ years with no losses for this stacking yet( yes I have blown up work over my career). As far as being close to the lid-I just sight across the top. If its to high move some stuff around till it just clears. Close is fine.
My point here is that one can get more use of kiln space-most pottery classes/schools never teach the limits of what is possible. After doing this so long I can say if its bone dry and as Neilestrick said not paper thin then go for it. Folks can push the limits and find things work or not. I'll share what I have learned as I always push the edge you have to to know what's doable and what's not. Throw sun dry trim sun dry bisque same day-yes you can do that to with simple forms as well.
I never plan to much before loading as its such a weekly thing its second nature as I'm sure it is for you. Yes damp forms go lower in kiln dry on top but thats just what one does. I'm a production potter so filling the space is key.
I mentioned the wet forms as this will not work for them or all work for all folks-but for dry items go for it.
Slip cast work can take the most push as its all even wall thickness. All these pots are wheel thrown as I do not slip anything anymore.
I too have been tumble stacking kilns with student pots since the 70's. I usually put some of the larger pieces in the bottom upside down, packed pots around them, and continued on up to the top. I liked to especially box bowls and pot together with others inside of them, I usually tried to distribute weight on several pot from layer to layer so that nothing had too much weight on it alone. Pots on their side had not problems as they were ^06 bisque for ^6 clay. Over the years I never lost a pot due to my kiln loading methods. I found that the very infrequent blow up in a tumble pack actually did less damage than in a less packed kiln because the pieces didn't go far.
Okay you brave courageous guys. I must say that it is still frightening to me. I am fearful that handles and 'thingamajigs' would be lost so I must go upright or upside down but I can't do sideways. Also I plan firings differently based on the sizes of the vessels including handles, lids, lugs, knobs and etc., (thingamajigs). And yes I too try to get the vessels as thin as possible. If one day I must do it I may give it a try maybe.
At my school studio we half-way tumble stack student pots. There are some shelves in there, and pots usually lie upside down or right side up, but we stack 'em up high!
As it is student work, there is always a huge variation in wall thickness, size and shape , so sometimes it is much more neat like a glaze fire; but not often.
Also, i recently bisque ffired a bunch of "thingamiajigs" in my woodstove; i tumble stacked them like mark; but my space was only one cubic foot or something ridiculous. I tried to push the limits on heat/time with 3 hour schedule cool-hot-cool (enough to lift with gloves) with only two pieces lost of a total of 10 or so fires.
That is amazing! have you every put witness cones in the middle of the load to see if there is any significant difference in temp? (not that it matter a whole lot for a bisque)
It used to frighten my students too by tumble stacking. So many people tumble stack all over the world. It is really a simple way to fire and less mass than shelves.
Here is an example of the top chamber of a three story kiln in Agost , Spain. These are water coolers, wood-fired, no glaze.
They fire 11,000 per load in these huge kilns.. The second photo is the middle chamber. The pots for the bottom Chamber are carried across the plank over the fire pit in the foreground and a bag wall is built between the pots and the fire. This [photo is after the firing and during the unloading after cooling for 5 days or more. The ash in the pit was still warm.
I definitely believe in packing a kiln tightly and I stack things sometimes 2 and three "stories" high. However, I have noticed that with my cone 6 B-Mix sometimes a piece or two warps when put at an odd angle, even in a bisque. Is that because it is too thin? I tend to err on the too-thin and not the too-thick side sometimes. Otherwise, I am a tumble stack enthusiast and do it with pieces made from other, more robust brown clay...
It might be the B-mix but I haven't had much experience with it. So, I can't really say one way or the other.
I remembered a horror story of an 'instructor', who was not, shall we say, well versed in the art of firing ceramics, he did know how to kiln wash the shelves however. He once did a stacking of ware in this manner, however he was not aware of one thing you cannot stack this way with glazed ware. He opened the kiln to find one huge paper weight. But you've got to give him credit for sharing his huge mistake which occurred in front of all of his students whose work became part of a 'true class project'.
I am going to try this stacking method tonight with three tall greenware, porcelain vessels. Now all of you brave pottery stackers better be right. If it doesn't come out right "I'm going to blame some of the people in this room and this I cannot forgive. But that aside, I swear on the souls of my grandchildren that I will not be the one to break the peace we have made here tonight".
Not really, I recently watched 'The Godfather'. I will relay the results good or bad after cool down.
Lucille I didn't know you had such a great sense of humor, good luck with your stack firing. I have stack fired before and didn't have any problems, I plan to have a stack firing in a couple of weeks myself. Denice
As far as shelves this kiln load had about 3-4 layers of shelve but pots are stacked tight between layers-the top one is shown.
Every load is different and some require moving some forms till you get the most in.Over time you get a feel for what fits best.
While we are talking about this one develops over the years a feel for what size stilts to use with out measuring and what fits best form wise per given space. I never have to measure how tall a piece is-You just know-this skill takes many years to get dialed but it does come with practice.
If your forms are warping in a bisque they are either still wet or real thin-super thin forms take more care in all regards.Back in my school days a friend called them potato chips when he saw my work-I gave that up long ago for stronger daily use functional forms which are thicker.
The only problem I have of late with the tumble stacking is that I take forever to fill a bisque load, and then it takes forever to glaze all of the pots. I used to not use shelves in a tumble, as I said before, just distributing weight. Most HS student pots are heavier than "potato chips"!
Yikes, that takes guts. I stack, I wedge stuff in, I pile em up, but that... OY. I'm firing for a very mixed group, all handbuilding, and I know there are a lot of very delicate sculptural pieces and some real doorstops in every load. The other end of it is we just plain run out of drying room LONG before we have that big a load of bisque! LOL Good to know its not really a problem to do though!
Okay the firing was fine. I had planned to do three vessels but one vessel was not ready. It had to get a coat of underglaze to be hardened on and could not be placed on or touching the others due to possible fuming. So I just placed one vessel on top of the other with large posts used as props on either side of the two vessels. Also the two vessels were lidded and cylindrical one of them in particular had to keep the lid in place as it fired horizontally. the other lid was placed inside the bottom vessel. There was a bit of fuming from the bottom vessel to the top one. But that is okay the top one will be given a covering of an opaque glaze. Sorry I can't give you pictures; not set up for it.
A stacking of two cylindrical vessels was not much of a stretch of courage, but I was antsy about the props moving but since this was a first stacking and it did well, I will try it again.
Thanks a lot for sharing to- Mark, Neil, Marcia, Denice, and Pres "The Pot Stackers". I hope I didn't miss thanking anyone it was not intentionally done.
Question: Does it take longer to reach final temperature with this much mass? Or, is it more efficient because the clay holds temperature better than the empty air spaces in a loosely filled kiln?
we use Alumina on our kiln shelves. They are not removed between firings, and thus the shelves need to be stored horizontally. But, to prevent the alumina from sticking to the bottoms of the shelves, we made little 6 mm high disks out of clay. 3 on each shelve, and you can stack 20 - 30 shelves. I use those little discs for stability when I stack my bisque kiln, because I am always scared that my vases, etc will roll around. I can almost fill my 15 cubic with glazed work from my 4.5 cubic bisque kiln.
You should reach final temperture sooner . . . tumbling eliminates the mass of kiln shelves that also absorb heat during a firing.
Get involved with the constant growth of new versions of DRS 2006 radio automation now in development. Learn how to become a BETA tester and sample some of the most amazing software breakthroughs in broadcast automation found only in DRS 2006.
can we network our main database all stored audio files if we are running several computers all using v4 for example dj running on air program in studio while production and recording being done on another can both computers have access to main audio file storage
yes, this should already work. However we will still test this next days as soon as we have all single PC functions 100%.
Show All Admin Moderator Elite Member Senior Editor Junior Editor by Member Name Post Count Join Date Profile Views in Descending Order Ascending Order with 10 20 40 60 results per page
HinKhoj Dictionary is free online Hindi to English and English to Hindi Dictionary and translation service. Best and most easy to use dictionary available on internet.
Do you mean "how do I remove books that I have downloaded" or "how do I remove books from my actual library"?
The reason I ask is that with the android device you can access all mobile-enabled resources which you have purchased through the Internet.
If you want to remove books you have downloaded, just find the book in the library, press on the small arrow on the right hand side and press Remove.
Rmoving books from your wider library is more difficult and you really need to contact logos for that.
To add to what Graham wrote, if you remove books from your library, they will no longer be available on ANY device. If you just want to remove the book from the downloaded resources, press "remove" from the book's info screen (see screenshot below).
Thanks for the replies. I'm looking to remove them from my library. Some of them are books I've read, some books that don't interest me and I just want to unclutter.
I noticed the remove button is missing on the ASV Bible, which I installed earlier. Without the "remove" button, how do I go about remove the book from my Android Phone?
Assist your school's yearbook staff by uploading your own photos to be considered in your school's yearbook.
As promised during the Endless Day last month, the Mezari faction is now free for all Endless Legend players! Simply update your game to get this pretty cool-looking skin for the Vaulters faction unlocked in your game. We hope you like them.
Please firstly compare the picture with your keyboard before you place an order, especially the ribbon cable (position, length and width). Make sure that the model of laptop and part number of keyboard is the right one you need as well as the layout version. If you are still not sure after a comparation, please Contact us.
Tell us what you think about HP Pavilion dv7-4020sa Keyboard, share your opinion with other people. Please make sure that your review focus on HP Pavilion dv7-4020sa Keyboard. All the reviews are moderated and will be reviewed within two business days. Inappropriate reviews will not be posted.
Have any question or inquire for HP Pavilion dv7-4020sa Keyboard? Please contact Customer Service. (Our customer representative will get back shortly.)
One of the Largest Laptopkeyboardsales.com Wholesaler-Laptop keyboard,Acer Laptop Keyboard,Apple Laptop Keyboard,Asus Laptop Keyboard, Compaq Laptop Keyboard, Dell Laptop Keyboard,Gateway Laptop Keyboard, HP Laptop Keyboard.
DSU The Decorative Painting of The Bedroom Wall of The Great Tree Spirit Mushroom Children'S Nursery School
All of our products are created from reclaimed lumber, giving life to something that would have normally been tossed into a landfill or a fire. We utilize as much of each piece of wood as possible. By doing so we do our part to be green! We help keep trees on the earth and pollutants from the air and ground. Because the wood we get is from salvaged buildings built around the turn of the century each piece not only is a statement but also a piece of history. Our sayings are engraved into the wood so no need to worry about scratching paint off because it's there to stay.
At Acorn Millwork we have built quite a reputation with our handmade, one-of-a-kind creations that come off of our production line in our 65,000 square foot facility. 50% of our company products are produced from reclaimed lumber that we get from barns, churches, fencing, granary buildings, warehouses, and old factories built in the late 1800’s to the early 1900’s .... Read More>>
Copyright © 2018. Born Again Woods, Stock & Custom Laser Engraved Signs. Designed by Datalab Systems
Cryptocurrency’s sudden surge in popularity late last year encouraged an eclectic range of new coins to be produced. Although most tokens tend to revolve around a specific purpose or utility, a select few gain notoriety for their unusual niche focus. Listed below are six such strange tokens as listed on Coinmarketcap.com.
Created in 2014, PotCoin seeks to provide a banking solution for the $100 billion global legal marijuana industry. It touts itself as the first digital cryptocurrency developed to facilitate transactions within the legalized cannabis industry. Coinmarketcap ranks this coin as #468 in marketcap. Although CannabisCoin, Kushcoin), and other tokens also focus on cannabis, Potcoin gained worldwide notoriety for sponsoring Dennis Rodman’s trip to North Korea as a diplomatic overture to North Korean Supreme Kim Jong-un.
According to Forbes, several friends came together to launch Jesus Coin as a form of satire in 2017. However, many investors invested in this project during the bull run of December 2017. As the company boasts, it’s presently “negotiating with churches to outsource sin forgiveness.” It also boasts “record transaction speeds between you and God’s son.” Jesus Christ was declared to be the founder and CEO of the company, according to the website, with Judas Iscariot and Saint Peter named as the trustee and public relations officer, respectively. And yet, in spite of the clear satirical nature of the tweets and notes on the company’s website, investors continue to buy coins (with a 30% rise in the price within the last 24 hours).
Created in 2016, TrumpCoin was created to honor Donald J. Trump and help him secure the Presidency of the United States. Now that he is the 45th President of the United States, the TrumpCoin community’s goal is to help the President accomplish his goals. The coin’s founders envision TrumpCoin as a future worldwide grassroots fundraising tool for projects the president deems important. According to its website, it promises a 2% staking reward.
It must be noted that Trumpcoin.com is not owned, operated, endorsed by, or otherwise affiliated with Donald J. Trump, The Trump Organization, Donald J. Trump for President Inc, or any other organization owned or operated by Donald J. Trump.
With the adult entertainment industry being among the largest, there have e been several cryptocurrencies created to support the industry. Among them are SexCoin, TitCoin, MoreCoin, and many others.
Sexcoin tackles the three main payment problems faced by the adult entertainment industry. These issues include fees charged by credit cards, lack of privacy, and potential chargeback claims. Thus, using SexCoin offers the following advantages: NO FEES to receive and only .001 Sexcoins to send payments; after confirmation, all transactions are final (this rule removes the likelihood of chargebacks, the bane of many within the adult entertainment industry); merchants/providers and their clients enjoy complete privacy, as personally identifiable information is required to send or receive payments.
MoreCoin is a cryptocurrency token created for the MORE brand, an adult entertainment provider seeking to become the #1 nightlife platform. A purchase of 5000 MORE tokens is required to obtain membership in MORE Las Vegas. Additional locations are scheduled to open in Los Angeles and Miami. Membership benefits revolve around special access to special arena events, exotic car rentals, and even a special pool cabana within Las Vegas
Developed in late 2017, Garlicoin originated from a meme that went viral on Reddit. Purely satire at first, Garliccoin continues to retain a strong fan base. Outside of DogeCoin, its the most successful meme coin ever. The coin’s primary focus revolves around Garlic bread and the community that has developed around it.
Garlicoin boasts cheap and fast transactions, a low barrier to entry, and a total focus on the coin’s community. These features have helped Garlicoin become a triumphant success: 40 second block times allow for blazingly fast confirmations, and ASIC resistant proof-of-work algorithm means anyone with a GPU can contribute to mining.
XTRABYTES' mission is to deliver a blockchain platform that provides users with superior speed, scalability, and security in relation to current offerings..
William Ames summed up the Reformed position when he said that “theology is the doctrine of living unto God”, that is theology is the examination of the revelation that God has allowed of his person and that such a revelation has been made for the purpose that we may seek to conform to his likeness and being. The Lord said “If you love me you will keep my commandments” and to discern and keep those commandments out of Love is the way that we are told to express our Love for God.
Theology is therefore an attempt to understand the nature, attributes and commands of God and is itself at least to some extent the very reason for existence. Some people see theology as a distraction from the important things in life such as survival, good works and love but the opposite is true We should seek to survive in order to continue to bring glory to God through understanding his person (theology), our good works must be in accordance to his will (theology) and the greatest commandment is to love God, which should be shown by obeying his commandments (theology).
God has made known his person and commands through his revelation to mankind that is recorded in both the Old and New Testaments of the Bible. This revelation was not a general revelation to all mankind but specific revelations to specific people who God chose to be his people. This revelation took the form of covenants, that is a one sided agreement between God and man where God for his own good reasons makes promises to his people. History started with the Covenant of works between God and Adam. When man broke this covenant God inaugurated the Covenant of Grace whereby he promised gratuitous bounty to man, this same covenant was later expressed to Noah, Abraham, Moses and David and finally through Jesus Christ to the Church. Works are a response to grace, never a condition of cause of grace.
The law, that is the Levitical rules and perceptive commands such as the ten commandments are important as they show what sin is and show man the need for grace. Without law grace would have no meaning man only being aware of his need for grace and of the glory of God through the condemnation of the law. The elements of the law that were ceremonial were intended to foreshadow and announce the incarnation of Christ and these elements (i.e. temple sacrifice and the complex laws of separation) therefore became redundant when Christ was incarnated and could instead be worshipped in person, not through shadow. The balance of the laws that set forth mans moral responsibilities should be obeyed to show our love for God, never in order to receive any element of grace.
Man has been given an intellect by God in order that, when his eyes are opened to God's revelation, he may understand (to the extent allowed by revelation) the glory of God. This understanding is through the exercise of theology in order that man may show his love of God by obeying God's commandments, again identified through theology. Theology is therefore of the utmost importance as it is the route by which we approach God, any other approach that is not based on a consideration of God’s revelation is merely a short road to idol worship.
And then there is this on. My favorite Yogi cartoon. The little baby cracks me up. "Gwabba gwabba gwabba...kitty kitty kitty kitty." That is just gold!
This great holiday home has exciting furnishings and is built with emphasis on quality and stylish design. It has a nice bathroom with a jacuzzi bath and underfloor heating. The functional kitchen has all modern facilities. The large windows in the beautiful living room give it a good and pleasant lighting. The living room leads to a large terrace with pleasant garden furniture, where you can enjoy the sun. The house is close to many leisure activities such as go-karting, a golf course and the Fun and Golf Park.
[Broadside advertising the fifth exhibition of the Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association, 1847]. :: Prints
Home Prints [Broadside advertising the fifth exhibition of the Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association,...
[Broadside advertising the fifth exhibition of the Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association, 1847].
Title [Broadside advertising the fifth exhibition of the Massachusetts Charitable Mechanic Association, 1847].
Summary An advertisement for the fifth exhibition of the Massachusetts Mechanic Associaiton. An allegorical scene with figures representing industry, commerce, agriculture, and nature decorates the top half of the broadside. Title devised by curator. Purchsed 1988. #1988.25.
Because of the uncertainty of our schedule and many postponed appointments we were unable to visit Upper Egypt. We did, however, make a day trip to Memphis and Sakkara, 20 miles southwest of Cairo. Nothing remains of Memphis, the city of the living, for centuries Egypt’s capital. But Sakkara, the city of the dead, has more than 14 pyramids, including the first one, the Step I»yramid, which was a rough draft for the Giza pyramids outside Cairo. The Step Pyramid was the first major building in stone and is considered the greatest structure known to man at that time, about 2700 B.C.
We also took a day trip to Alexandria, driving through rich delta farmlands and returning on the desert road.
Cairo itself has much to offer the visitor. We toured the Citadel, built in the 12th century as a fortress, and took in the panoramic view of the city, the river and the pyramids of Giza. We visited the Cairo Museum with its antiquities dating from the sixth century. And, of course, the pyramids and the Sphinx, awesome by day and night, with a sbund-and-light show that creates an immediacy that heightens the experience.
The antiquities in Egypt are spectacular. One can spend days in the Cairo Museum marveling at thousands of statutes, artifacts and relics of the ages of the Pharaohs. Unfortunately, they are housed — one could say “warehoused” —in dark, damp rooms.
The curator of the museum took us through the rooms of the ancient pharaohs, describing their colorful history. It deeply impressed Karen, who wrote in her journal:
“Our guide told us that, in early Egypt, when the man died, they either burned the lady or put her in his grave with him, or buried her alive. I decided if I were in those times. I’d never marry.”
One is never unaided at major archeological sites. Approaching the pyramids, a proud-looking robed dragoman sprinted alongside our taxi until it stopped, like a Secret Service agent guarding a Presidential limousine. The dragoman then gave us a comprehensive tour of the site, ending with a camel ride that Charles described in his journal.
“Now if you’ve never been on a camel, sit in back,” Charles wrote. “I unfortunately was in front. Its back end goes up first, so if you are in front you get a good 60^egree angle into nothing.
That is something I can live without. Then, after the first section of front gets up, there’s another section of back, where the front is at a 75-degree angle. When it walks, it goes up and down and up and down. Oh, was I glad to get off onto mother earth. ”
The Egyptians are a festive people and invite visitors to participate in their festivals. At thfi Nile Hilton, there were weddings almost nightly. The hotel guests enjoyed the wedding processions, which began in the lobby, with wedding guests carrying huge torches as they chanted and 'ing, accompanying the bride and bridegroom up the circular staircase to the ballrooms. Trumpets and cymbals rang out in minor keys, and guests showered the couple with coins as they moved slowly toward the wedding banquet.
At a banquet given in our honor by the American University of Cairo, we dined "on a lamb, roasted whole, and also enjoyed an indescribable dessert called Oma’Ali (roughly translated as All’s Mother), a mixture of warm milk, sugar, nuts tmd shredded coconut. Their vegetables are also unusually tasty, particularly eggplant, artichokes and tomatoes.
The Egyptians provide a striking contrast to the Israelis, who have been forced by the dictates of survival to value punctuality, efficiency and productivity at occasional cost to the amenities. Egypt, a 7,000-year-old civilization that has outlived its conquerors, seems confident of surviving 7,000 years more, “Inshallah” (“God willing”)
Israel is a 30-year-old state preoccupied with survival, with less than total trust in the Almighty. The Israelis have little of anything, including time, to waste and take pride in the degree to which they conserve and recycle. Rafael Horowitz, a farmer, war hero and Government official, told us how Israeli farmers use orange rinds as cattle feed. Their fears that the rinds would affect the taste of milk proved unfoimd-ed.
-T We also noted the preponderance of low-cost solar heating units (about $300 a house) throughout the country, installed on even the most modest houses, for the purpose of heating water.
The insecurity of the Israelis is manifest in their siege mentality. The scores of soldiers hitchhiking and patrolling the streets of border towns dramatize Israel’s awareness of its vulnett[j^lity.
The Israelis’ grim geopolitics is offset by a bittersweet sense of humor. In the Golan Heights, the owner of a
Transcript An American Jewish Family Visits Both Egypt and Israel Because of the uncertainty of our schedule and many postponed appointments we were unable to visit Upper Egypt. We did, however, make a day trip to Memphis and Sakkara, 20 miles southwest of Cairo. Nothing remains of Memphis, the city of the living, for centuries Egypt’s capital. But Sakkara, the city of the dead, has more than 14 pyramids, including the first one, the Step I»yramid, which was a rough draft for the Giza pyramids outside Cairo. The Step Pyramid was the first major building in stone and is considered the greatest structure known to man at that time, about 2700 B.C. We also took a day trip to Alexandria, driving through rich delta farmlands and returning on the desert road. Cairo itself has much to offer the visitor. We toured the Citadel, built in the 12th century as a fortress, and took in the panoramic view of the city, the river and the pyramids of Giza. We visited the Cairo Museum with its antiquities dating from the sixth century. And, of course, the pyramids and the Sphinx, awesome by day and night, with a sbund-and-light show that creates an immediacy that heightens the experience. The antiquities in Egypt are spectacular. One can spend days in the Cairo Museum marveling at thousands of statutes, artifacts and relics of the ages of the Pharaohs. Unfortunately, they are housed — one could say “warehoused” —in dark, damp rooms. The curator of the museum took us through the rooms of the ancient pharaohs, describing their colorful history. It deeply impressed Karen, who wrote in her journal: “Our guide told us that, in early Egypt, when the man died, they either burned the lady or put her in his grave with him, or buried her alive. I decided if I were in those times. I’d never marry.” One is never unaided at major archeological sites. Approaching the pyramids, a proud-looking robed dragoman sprinted alongside our taxi until it stopped, like a Secret Service agent guarding a Presidential limousine. The dragoman then gave us a comprehensive tour of the site, ending with a camel ride that Charles described in his journal. “Now if you’ve never been on a camel, sit in back,” Charles wrote. “I unfortunately was in front. Its back end goes up first, so if you are in front you get a good 60^egree angle into nothing. That is something I can live without. Then, after the first section of front gets up, there’s another section of back, where the front is at a 75-degree angle. When it walks, it goes up and down and up and down. Oh, was I glad to get off onto mother earth. ” The Egyptians are a festive people and invite visitors to participate in their festivals. At thfi Nile Hilton, there were weddings almost nightly. The hotel guests enjoyed the wedding processions, which began in the lobby, with wedding guests carrying huge torches as they chanted and 'ing, accompanying the bride and bridegroom up the circular staircase to the ballrooms. Trumpets and cymbals rang out in minor keys, and guests showered the couple with coins as they moved slowly toward the wedding banquet. At a banquet given in our honor by the American University of Cairo, we dined "on a lamb, roasted whole, and also enjoyed an indescribable dessert called Oma’Ali (roughly translated as All’s Mother), a mixture of warm milk, sugar, nuts tmd shredded coconut. Their vegetables are also unusually tasty, particularly eggplant, artichokes and tomatoes. The Egyptians provide a striking contrast to the Israelis, who have been forced by the dictates of survival to value punctuality, efficiency and productivity at occasional cost to the amenities. Egypt, a 7,000-year-old civilization that has outlived its conquerors, seems confident of surviving 7,000 years more, “Inshallah” (“God willing”) Israel is a 30-year-old state preoccupied with survival, with less than total trust in the Almighty. The Israelis have little of anything, including time, to waste and take pride in the degree to which they conserve and recycle. Rafael Horowitz, a farmer, war hero and Government official, told us how Israeli farmers use orange rinds as cattle feed. Their fears that the rinds would affect the taste of milk proved unfoimd-ed. -T We also noted the preponderance of low-cost solar heating units (about $300 a house) throughout the country, installed on even the most modest houses, for the purpose of heating water. The insecurity of the Israelis is manifest in their siege mentality. The scores of soldiers hitchhiking and patrolling the streets of border towns dramatize Israel’s awareness of its vulnett[j^lity. The Israelis’ grim geopolitics is offset by a bittersweet sense of humor. In the Golan Heights, the owner of a
Description Photographic print of an unidentified woman with a cradleboard on her back. Digital image has been modified from the original for clarity.
Publisher McFarlin Library. Department of Special Collections and University Archives. The University of Tulsa.
Digitized by McFarlin Library. Department of Special Collections and University Archives. The University of Tulsa.
Rights & Usage This material may be under copyright. The item is owned by The University of Tulsa, McFarlin Library, Department of Special Collections. Permission to publish, quote or reproduce must be secured from the respository.
Health technology assessment tool-telemedicine: Phase 1 re-engineering laboratory. :: Health Care Studies
Home Health Care Studies Health technology assessment tool-telemedicine: Phase 1 re-engineering laboratory.
Author Toiga Associates, Inc.; United States Army Medical Department Center and School. Center for Healthcare Education and Studies.
Rare southern hard rock pressed in 1978 on the Crazy Cajun label out of Texas, but recorded who knows when, as this label was known for unleashing a load of crazy releases from unknown artists repackaged in ridiculous covers like this one. Nevermind the cover though, there's lots of good bluesy southern hard rock guitar action in these grooves.
It's a bit misleading to call this a '2016 reissue' as it's from the bootleg Crossroads label. As such, the CD's content most likely came from a pre-existing online rip of the original vinyl rather than a 1st gen master tape source. Sorry to be a nit-picker, just wanted to set the record straight. Great blog though, many thanks for what you do here.
All the extra jumpers lying around scares me. might i ask what this awesome mad science experiment is for?
I'm feeding its video overlay pin 8. The massive circuit reads from a FIFO chip and an Arduino is filling the chip with pixel data. It's still noisy as heck, so I'm waiting on some more parts and breadboards so I can try to cut the noise down and finalize a PCB design. I'm pretty sure I've got the timing down save for a potential boundary condition at the end of each scan line. The crosstalk-induced noise from all these wires is making it hard to determine the exact point to stop reading from the FIFO on each scan line, so I need to lower the noise so I can nail it down. The circuit is operating at about 7MHz (specifically, double the Inty's MCLK frequency). There's a little PLL buried under the wires doing the work of doubling the clock.
In case anyone is interested, this is my current "target" design...that I'll be testing once my parts come in. It lets the Arduino pump in 8 pixels at a time. The one I currently have wired up is nearly the same but only lets it pump in 4 pixels at a time. I'm testing with an IDT7208 64kx9 FIFO, which is really overkill. It has the same pinout and usage as the 7205 in the schematic. I made a notional board layout that fits within the maximum board size allowed in the free version of Eagle, but it's only tentative until I validate the design.
He's mixing hi resolution (monochrome) graphics with Intellivision graphics. Its similar to what the keyboard component did. With game applications you could display text information eg. scores in smaller high res fonts. You could have fixed text displayed during scrolling. The only limitation is it has to be white, I suppose it could be other colours but it will mix with Intellivision colours.
I still need to clean out more noise (if I fill the screen with text it goes crazy), but it's a lot more stable than it was yesterday. The circuit had to undergo lots of changes, and there are surely more to come as I fine-tune the timing. This has the Arduino pumping out 8 pixels at a time, and I have 127 character bitmaps stored in flash. This leaves plenty of space for more character bitmaps.
The reason the left half of the screen is blurry is because of the way my Dell monitor is interpreting the composite video coming from the Inty. It expects standard NTSC video, which begins and ends with half-scanlines. The Inty generates noninterlaced video that begins and ends with full scanlines, which is confusing the monitor.
If you pump data fast enough, could you make a monochrome Doom game, and can the external video source be timed to the main CPU?
I plan to include several fonts. The Arduino Uno has 32k flash, so there's room (the CGA font here is already being read from flash). I'd like to have some be programmable, but I can't make any guarantees. An Arduino has only 2k RAM and I'm using 960 up just for the 40x24 video buffer.
One question re: fonts is whether we need all 256 glyphs for internationalization purposes or if I should stop at 128. There are lots of potential ideas for expanding the design, but it comes down to RAM space as well as the speed of the Arduino. Right now it pumps the pixel data out in about 45% of a 1/60 second frame, and it will need some time to service requests from the Inty CPU (which will have to be implemented on a separate board, with probably a FIFO to take as much of the load off the Arduino as possible).
The FIFO chip I'm using is 9 bits wide, so for every 8 pixels I'm pumping out there is the potential to push out an extra bit. I'm leaning toward an intensity bit that would allow for two brightness settings, but then there's the issue of storing a 16-bit wide screen buffer instead of an 8-bit one in only 2k of RAM. Also speed is an issue here, so the video buffer has to be organized such that it can rapidly get the information it needs. It might be possible to store attributes in a separate bit-packed array but I won't know if I can access it efficiently without testing it.
One thing that worries me is that if Inty requests are queued up in a FIFO, the Arduino will have to be able to drain that FIFO as fast as the Inty can fill it.
My board design is well underway, but I still have to load it up with vias between the two ground planes and then go over it with a fine-toothed comb. I've tried to maximize the amount of shielding between traces and I've added provisions for up to three large caps to keep the power stable. I don't think they will all be required, but who knows.
Final board layout, and just ordered it from OSH Park! It runs at 2x MCLK (roughly 7MHz), but also provides a 4x clock output and output pixel and enabled taps to allow for future experimentation. It takes 9 data inputs, with the last bit acting as an intensity bit (1 = full brightness, bright, 0 = half-brightness). Now I just have to wait for the boards so I can try them out.
I had two resistor values backwards in the schematic. R12 should be 3.3k and R13 should be 10k, but otherwise I'm getting the same results as with the breadboard. It's still somewhat noisy, though. I'll have to figure that out.
I'll also have to tweak the board design a little: two of the chips are too close together and it took a lot of pin bending on one of them to get it to fit.
In the screenshot I'm alternating the intensity bit for each character, which is why the columns are varying in intensity.
There's a tiny amount of noise left, and while I can eliminate 99% of it by moving a flip-flop chip to a breadboard, I still have to figure out what PCB changes will achieve the same thing.
Getting there! Most of the noise is coming from signal reflections at the three clock taps (1x, 2x, and 4x MCLK). I can eliminate it by adding small capacitors in series with small resistors connecting them to ground (basically adding impedance terminators). I still have to identify the source of the remaining noise.
Well, I give up trying to synthesize MCLK * 4 from the MCLK pin: the signal from the Inty is just too noisy. It turns out that 5V oscillators that give me MCLK * 4 are plentiful (14.318180 MHz). Since the counters reset every scanline, I don't expect any glitches. Once the oscillator arrives, I'll give it a try.
Huh. This is what I get for having insomnia. On a hunch I added a simple 2N3904 amplifier circuit before the comparator and a 7408 AND after generating the clock (to isolate the generation circuitry) and now the display is rock-stable. So, there is at least one potential solution
Now we're cooking! It turns out that using an AND gate to stabilize the clock is a bad idea as it's highly dependent on the particular chip and type of chip (HCT, ACT, etc.). All I needed was better filtering and a tweak to the amount of hysteresis in my Schmitt trigger. At some point in the near future I'll upload my Eagle files and Arduino proof-of-concept code.
No guarantees here, but I'm shooting for 2048 character glyphs in Arduino flash memory: I think it might be readily possible to implememt a 12-bit wide character array in the Arduino's RAM, with one bit reserved as a brightness/intensity bit (though I wonder if reverse-video might be more useful instead). I haven''t worked out whether or how to have a RAM area for glyphs yet, but I suspect it might have to reside in external memory since an Arduino Uno only has 2k RAM. At any rate, here are the glyphs I have so far. The CGA font is heavily expanded for internationalization, and the following two fonts less so. Now I'm looking at adding some bare-bones stylized glyphs, but there's enough space available that I think it would be a good idea to post what I have so far and solicit some feedback.
Font wise, don't be afraid to have the accents, umlauts, circumflex, rings etc hit into the main character. I am referring to letters such as à, è, ì, ò, ù, á, í, ó, ú (where did é go?). Also letters like ü, ô, ö, û, ÿ, ñ etc really don't need to be one pixel shorter than their non decorated counterparts. The ring/dot on capital Å could melt into the base letter instead of having a very distinct look. The same could be said about capital Ö.
Though it might be for technical, visual reasons you make sure that every dot is two pixels wide and that single width dots and lines will just smear and become inlegitimate. However on your Intellivision style font, the ring on Å and tilde on Ã (among others) are at higher resolution than most of the others.
Bruce Abbott extracted a number of C64 fonts for his Aquarius. Though these are two entirely different designs and fill different purposes, you might find some usable fonts there. He didn't put in as many letters for internationalization though.
The owner of this website (lds.seocenter.xyz) has banned the autonomous system number (ASN) your IP address is in (42926) from accessing this website.
My boss said in order to keep my job I had to let him fuck my wife. Not only did he fuck her he took pictures as well. Then he sent them to me. Here they are for you all to enjoy
She liked our last photo session, tell you true that was first I've been with..... it was such a good ............experience .......
Most of these are from a time 5 or 6 years ago when there were very frequent themes for pro-pics. It encouraged frequent pic changes.
Wow guys amazing comments for my previous contris - thanks!! As always it was fun shows off for these shots, 1 night 3 different panties - don't forget Part 2! Keep voting & I'll keep posting, P x
It is located at the southern entrance of the canal of Santa Cruz on the island of ItamaracA?. State of Pernambuco, northeastern Brazil.
She is shy but incredibly sexy milf at late 30's. We love to fantasize and make sex, love to take photos and videos. Send smart comments and we will sure let you melt down with more pics.
Anyhow, no, we can't show the face. PERIOD. Yes, we had to color block the background. If you don't like, don't look, or bother commenting.
nudizm porn Here are some hot pics of my love Bigi. She is very hot and open minden for all kind of Sex. Please let her know, what you are thinking about her body. Please don't show our e-mail-address.
nudizm pornRide Em Cowboy! - Felt a little crazy, cause I'm actually a shy woman. Figured I had to keep my honey excited! Who knows maybe this is the start of a new hobby?
nudizm pornWhen Anne decided to skinny dip yesterday, I couldn't help grabbing the camera phone and snapping some shots. Too hot to not share!
Here are a few close-up shots of my fun hole and how I use it when I am alone. I prefer being with others and haveing fun with either men or women.
Many of you asked me in past to take a few photos wearing high heels and nothing more, I wore one of my favourite shoes and I was very happy to satisfy the wishes, above all if I have to be naked. ;-)
Corinna is really a lovely girl - I have looked at lots of girls on dating sites and hardly any compare. Anyone know the setting of this movie?
nudizm pornFunny that a they choose a public beach to do a professional porno shoot. Also funny that the two guys who just happened to be there moved away and then ignored them.
wildwindy1 would have loved to have done this & more with you in park by your house in any kinda light... xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
your work is soooo up my street a big thank you and i look forward to seeing more in the future I will be adding myself and wife at some point this year sorry if i seem to copy you but i am so inspired by you
Hi flashingman. I'm a heterosexual guy living in Kent, but I found your video very appealing. You have a nice penis. However, the video would be so much more fun, for you & for the viewer if you lost the mask & showed your face. The fun to be had watching these videos, for me, is to be able to form a kind of relationship with the person in the video & get something personal out of it. I've posted a variety of photos on various websites & find a very very large percentage of the buzz I get is knowing that the viewers can see my face.
I will never forget an afternoon many years ago, sitting on a beach in West Africa pretending to read, but really watching a pair of A-cup French girls playing topless badminton right in front of me for over an hour. Not sure how many pages I actually managed to turn...but a wonderful memory!
What an adorable girl. She was so shameless & was obviously having great fun. Fantastic!! I love the way she just threw the dress away, every time she took it off.
Cool Chick Makes Hockey Cool As a tribute to the recently completed 2005 IIHF World Hockey Championship, here is a little something for all you hockey fans out there.
Students become aware of their senses by taking a walking field trip, creating a word bank, reading a story and singing a song. This is the first lesson in A “Sense”sational Christmas unit that also includes a diagnostic assessment.
The student knows that the five senses (taste, touch, smell, hearing, sight) allow us to take in and respond to information in order to learn about our surroundings.
6.	Make sure you have a Word Wall up in your classroom. (A Word Wall helps you teach and display high frequency words in ABC order or by themes. A teacher can use a wall, bulletin board or any space that is accessible to students. See The Teacher’s Guide to the Four Blocks by Patricia Cunningham, Carson-Dellosa Publishing Company, 1999 for more information.)
8. I always put up a Christmas tree in my classroom. I usually get a parent to put it up for me. If you don’t have one or can’t get one donated, make a Christmas tree out of construction paper and put it on a bulletin board so students can decorate it with things they make through out the unit.
This is lesson 1, day 1 of the A “Sense”sational Christmas. Since this lesson includes the diagnostic assessment, you might consider making it last two days instead of one. Remember this is an integrated unit, if time becomes a problem.
1.	Tell students that you have a big question for them. Ask: Who knows how we learn about the things around us? List student’s answers on chart paper.
2.	Tell students that they are going to start a new unit on how they learn about our world. At this time have students take the Diagnostic Assessment for the unit. Refer to the diagnostic assessment for instructions on administering the Diagnostic. (See Extensions)
3.	Now tell students they will begin the new unit by going outside to take a 15-minute walking trip around the school. Tell them to remember everything they can about the trip. Ask them to talk to each other about their experiences along the way.
4.	Once the class returns, have students brainstorm and describe what they experienced on the trip. If the students don’t mention the five senses, ask: What did you see?
Discuss how they take in information by seeing, hearing, touching, smelling, and tasting. Show students the 5 Senses poster. Point out each of the senses.
5.	Say: Let’s listen to this story about the five senses. See if you hear some of the words we just discussed. Raise your hand when you hear me read them. Read and discuss [The Five Senses (It's Science)] Paraphrase the book when necessary for young children). Make sure students understand the brain takes in information from the different senses and tells you what you see, hear, taste, touch, and smell.
6. Now tell students they need to develop a word bank with words for this unit and then add them to the Word Wall Words. Ask: Are there any words we’ve talked about so far that we think need to go in the word bank? (See, hear, touch, taste, smell, and observe are the ones you are looking for.) Write them on the chart titled 5 Senses Word Bank. Make sure to put a picture next to each word for a visual clue. (Ex. see should have a picture of eyes.) Then put those words separately on index cards and have students place them on the Word Wall.
7.	Next introduce the song "Singing the Senses." Sing and read several times until students become familiar with it.
8.	End the lesson by asking: Why do we need our five senses? What can we do with our five senses? Some specific praise would be: “Yes, we need our five senses to tell us about our world.” “We have eyes for seeing, a nose for smelling, ears for hearing, a tongue for tasting and hands, for touching.” Some corrective feedback may be: “You’re on the right track, but let's point to each sense as we say it. That way it will help you to remember it.” Tell them they will learn more about the senses in this unit.
9.	Pass out the Santa Bear, Santa Bear books the students are going to make. Have them complete the first three pages: front cover, dedication, and title page.
B. Dedication page: Write or dictate to your teacher who you wish to dedicate this book to. Remember a dedication page is honoring someone special. Someone who makes a difference in your life.
C. Title page: Write your name. Then complete the step-by-step drawing of Santa Bear. (See Associated File.) Many times students get excited about making a new book, so please make sure they don’t rush ahead to other pages. Also encourage students to listen carefully throughout the unit’s lessons, show what they know and do their very best when they are working in this book because it is a summative assessment that will be graded when it is completed. Tell them it is to be done independently and not with a friend.
Formatively assess student’s knowledge that the five senses (taste, touch, smell, hearing, sight) allow us to take in and respond to information in order to learn about our surroundings by the answers they give in activity #8 in the procedure section. Specifically the teacher is looking for: We need our senses to learn about our world and that our brain tells us what we are experiencing.
The Beacon Unit Plan associated with this lesson can be viewed by clicking on the link located at the top of this page or by using the following URL: http://www.beaconlearningcenter.com/search/details.asp?item=2976. Once you select the unit’s link, scroll to the bottom of the unit plan page to find the section, “Associated Files.” This section contains links to the Unit Plan Overview, Diagnostic and Summative Assessments, and other associated files, (if any).
Also included in the Associated File are two optional activities. One is the standards for this unit for you to post in your classroom for principals, parents and students to know the focus of your instruction. The other is how to integrate the Six Blocks into this unit.
Christmas animals can be made into poster size using the opaque projector for a bulletin board. Each animal has a unique feature that represents one of the five senses and can be used as a visual clue along with each of the lessons. Ex. The Christmas rabbit represents hearing. (Put a big red bow on the Panda to make him look Christmassy.)
Class PrinterResolution is a printing attribute class that specifies an exact resolution supported by a printer or to be used for a print job. This attribute assumes that printers have a small set of device resolutions at which they can operate rather than a continuum.
When a client searches looking for a printer that supports the client's desired resolution exactly (no more, no less), the client specifies an instance of class PrinterResolution indicating the exact resolution the client wants. Only printers supporting that exact resolution will match the search.
When a client needs to print a job using the client's desired resolution exactly (no more, no less), the client specifies an instance of class PrinterResolution as an attribute of the Print Job. This will fail if the Print Job doesn't support that exact resolution, and Fidelity is set to true.
If a client wants to locate a printer supporting a resolution greater than some required minimum, then it may be necessary to exclude this attribute from a lookup request and to directly query the set of supported resolutions, and specify the one that most closely meets the client's requirements. In some cases this may be more simply achieved by specifying a PrintQuality attribute which often controls resolution.
IPP Compatibility: The information needed to construct an IPP "printer-resolution" attribute can be obtained by calling methods on the PrinterResolution object. The category name returned by getName() gives the IPP attribute name.
Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this printing attribute value.
Returns whether this printer resolution attribute is equivalent to the passed in object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be true:
This attribute's cross feed direction resolution is equal to object's cross feed direction resolution.
"I have noticed that even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road."
Atlanta High Definition Recording Studio is an innovative, state-of-the-art, pro-tools facility located within the international city of Atlanta, GA... the new mecca for the record and film industry.
We offer services for all levels of musicianship and support artists through all phases of their project by providing additional services and referrals. Our clients include soloist, groups, singers, rappers, speakers and bands. Musical styles have included rap, gospel, rock, r & b, Country, pop and alternative.
This realizes that each project is unique, requires an open mind and a fresh approach. Our knowledgable, experienced/certified studio engineers and staff (with a masters degree in music) Will treat every recording with care and attention to detail.
Our studio values the development of professional relationships with new or established producers and industry specialists. Consultations are available by appointment.
More than 8,000 people are waiting for an organ transplant. Nadia Sawalha and Dr Jonty Heaversedge follow patients and families going through these life-saving operations.
New series. More than 8,000 people are waiting for an organ transplant. Nadia Sawalha and Dr Jonty Heaversedge follow patients and families going through these life-saving operations.
4 Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
6 Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the LORD for ever.
An excellent Bible-commentary over The Psalms is C.H.Spurgeons "The treasury of David". Start reading the Psalms in your Bible and study - Here!
RECTANGULAR PATIO COVER: The Patio cover set measures 2.1 m length X 1.1 m width X 0.7 m height, suitable to fit most of your garden furniture. It is designed to protect your garden furniture from rain, wind, storm, sun, snow, dust etc.
ROBUST, WATER PROOF COVER: The Patio cover set is coated with PVC and is UV resistant to protect your furniture from sunlight. It is also water proof, snow proof, frost proof and dust proof.
EASY TO CLEAN: The patio cover set is easy to use and clean. Regular cleaning with a soft damp cloth is all that is needed to keep the surface tidy.
PEACE OF MIND: ANSIO's Patio cover set comes with a 2-year warranty. We strive to ensure that our customers are completely satisfied with their purchase. We request that you kindly contact us regarding any problems or queries before leaving a review. Please contact us at support@ansio.com
Intimacy is a book with roots in artist Mary Heebner’s series of graphite and ink drawings made of Roman sculpture. It contains a small accordion fold volume, Marmo, which features prints of blue-toned ink drawings and a poem by the artist, in English and Italian, about the living quality of marble. This volume is bound in dark blue cloth with blue paper sides and a gold-stamped title. A chemise titled Schizzi, bound in the same style as Marmo, holds a portfolio of fourteen loose prints on Shojoshi paper of drawings from the artist’s series Rome Sketches.
Also featured in this work is a portfolio of handmade paper with graceful figurative watermarks based on these drawings. On five ivory-toned papers made by the artist at a residency at Museo della Carta e della Filigrana in Fabriano, Italy, with Luigi Mecella and Bruno Angelo Stroppa, the watermarks are embellished with watercolor on the verso. Four similar ultramarine-toned papers made by the artist at the Dieu Donné Paper Mill in New York with Lisa Switalski and Paul Wong feature watermarks embellished with graphite on the verso. These sheets are letterpress-printed with excerpts from the artist’s poem Marmo and the names of the source sculptures for the drawings. A title page, an epigraph, a sheet describing the watermark process, and a colophon – all watermarked – complete the portfolio.
Intimacy is housed in a two-piece box of dark grey anodized aluminum with two pieces of carved marble set into the lid. Inside the box is a tri-part plexiglass enclosure that holds the portfolio and the two small volumes. The plexiglass enclosure also folds up into a viewing stand that allows light to shine through the watermarked papers in the portfolio, and is the origin of the book’s subtitle.
The complex design of the book and the original artwork are by the artist. The text for this work is in Centaur and Latin Uncial. John Balkwill of The Lumino Press completed the letterpress printing. The anodized aluminum box was fabricated at Neal Feay Co. and designed with Sawyer Tautz. Anders Johnson created the marble carving. Lise Apatoff contributed the Italian translations, and Nancy Winter supplied the Latin type names and editing.
From an edition of 20 numbered copies, this copy is signed by the artist and numbered 11/20 on the colophon. Marmo is signed and dated, and all the prints in Schizzi are initialed and dated as well. Also included is a prospectus with handling instructions.
Click here to receive by email, fax, or post a detailed condition report and pricing information for this book.
In the early 1900s, the Dallas-Fort Worth Interurban rail line built south of the Trinity River to other nearby communities. In 1903 the Rock Island Railroad bypassed the city. Growth halted until the construction of nearby military bases and defense plants during World War II. Like most cities in the Metroplex, growth continues to parallel those of other cities in the giant suburban area.
This beautifully restored 1915 vintage schoolhouse is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and features a visitors center, a gallery with changing exhibits and an authentically furnished 1915 classroom. The site also has a 149-seat auditorium for 25 performances each year.
We currently do not have any events for Bedford, Texas in our database. If you know of events taking place, please add the event
Located on Old Chappell Hill Road on the Chappell Hill's west side, this scenic cemetery contains grave sites of heroes from ...
The Addison Conference and Theatre Centre is a 48,000 sq.ft. meeting and cultural facility and home to the nationally recogni...
Irene Kim of La Palma Kennedy won the CIF/SCGA SoCal girls’ high school golf championship on Thursday, shooting a 5-under-par 68 at Brookside Golf Course.
He was the school’s golf coach but served as an assistant football during the successful Troy Starr years, coaching junior varsity. Starr was head coach for 14 years before leaving for San Diego.
Most importantly, Tucker is a social studies teacher at Taft. Athletic director Mark Drucker said the program has struggled with a series of walk-on coaches since Starr’s departure.
Lady Dolphins win their 6th consecutive City title and 26th overall with a thrilling victory decided in the final doubles match! #CIFLACS
It will be a chance to see the new star in City Section cross country, freshman sensation Sofia Abrego of Granada Hills. She ran 17:01.3 at the Woodbridge Invitational in September. She won the X-Large schools division at the Clovis Invitational.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 tammi helmi maalis huhti touko kesä heinä elo syys loka marras joulu 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
The other night I went to play trivia with a friend. When I got home Henry was still awake so I played five minutes of trivia with him before he went to bed.
While we were on the trivia kick I thought I might gain some insight into the world of Henry by throwing in a few opinion questions.
Today I was threatening Henry with a time-out because he wasn't doing so well in the listening department. Lately he'll say "Shhh... don't talk!" when I'm scolding him or telling him not to do something. Since I continued with my threat he yelled,
Which is the first time I've heard those words from him. (Surprisingly, this didn't hurt my feelings quite as much as I thought it would.) I took the opportunity to say we shouldn't talk like that to anyone, it can really hurt someone's feelings and we can't take words back. He looked me straight in the eye when he said:
"When I don't like you, I still love you, Mama." I should note that he says "wike" for like and "wove" for love. Which only makes this 3 year old's piece of wisdom cuter.
Easter really resonated with Henry yesterday. He hasn't stopped talking about that bunny which he calls the "Oyster" Bunny thanks to a Bubble Guppies Episode. Today while I was finishing up lunch with William, Henry snuck away with a bag full of Reese's Pieces. I'd promised him candy after lunch, so I pretended to look the other way. He then snuck by me again (hand shielding his eyes-- the classic if he can't see me, I can't see him toddler logic) to get a basket full of empty eggs.
He was being awfully quiet in the play room (which is the first sign of trouble) so I peeked in to check on him and he immediately screamed, "You can't look at me! I'm the Oyster Bunny with a special treat for you! But you can't see my hide the eggs!" So I went back into the kitchen (I can see him from there, he just doesn't know that. He proceeded to hide the eggs and then hop out of the room. And if you know Henry at all you'll know what a hugely sweet gesture sharing something with sugar is, as opposed to just eating it all himself.
I literally couldn't find the eggs, so I loudly proclaimed, "Wow, this Easter Bunny did a great job! I can't find the eggs anywhere!"
As my first child, experiencing Henry grow up has been nothing short of wonderful. When they are babies it's magical to see all of the firsts and have that cuddly little bundle need you so much. Then they hit one and two, and you're amazed by how much they learn and take in every day. They start walking and talking... and talking...
And now we are well into three and I'm beginning to glimpse the person Henry will be. His big personality shining out of that little body.
Sometimes these little things accumulate and hit me all at once in a heart-bursting moment of profound happiness.
En raison de la formation de son personnel et afin d’améliorer la qualité des prestations offertes au public, les bureaux du Service du contrôle des habitants seront exceptionnellement fermés le jeudi 22 mars 2018 toute la journée. Aucune permanence téléphonique ne sera assurée durant cette journée. L'accueil du public et la gestion des appels téléphoniques reprendront le lendemain aux horaires habituels. Merci pour votre compréhension.
What is Included | Accommodation Photos | FAQ's | How to Book | Magazine Articles | What Our Students Say About Us | Students Work
In addition the following flights are available for parts of the year - Please email me before booking flights to make sure they fit in with our pickups
Wonderful Week of Jewellery - Silversmithing & Stone Setting - 5 Workshop Days, 1 Free Day, 7 Nights - £990
Flights - EasyJet - From Gatwick (daily) Plus some flights from Luton. RyanAir - Some flights from Leeds Bradford to Montpellier
Marco Besana - giornalista freelance e fotografo per passione. È autore del reportage fotografico e dei testi
I don't think we should feel too bad for Russ. He still has the Channel 2 sports anchor gig...right? I remember he took over for Craig Roberts. I can't believe Channel 2 kept that pretty boy (Wragge) over an experienced sports reporter.
That had very little to do with looks and a WHOLE LOT to do with money. Roberts had a FAT contract at channel 2 and they have been heavily slashing their budget. One person I know who works there told me a few months ago that he was glad, for the first time in his life, that he wasn't making a lot of money.
I noticed Wragge was doing some sideline reporting for NBC at the Lakers-Spurs game in San Antonio a few weeks back.
I'm not sure of your reasons but as far as Rockets coverage goes they are the best by far. I see more stuff, especially on sports sunday, on their air than any other station. Rockets coverage is a joke on 11 and 13. That could change when the NBA leaves NBC.
Speaking of coverage...it's gonna be tough for the Rockets to compete for air time next season with the Texans. Especially if they get off to a slow start.
To the folks working there, KTRH has always been referred to as "Keep The Resume Handy." They are just keeping that grand tradition in-line at the other place.
I liked Russ. He has always been the odd-man out, but his departure (especially mid-week) is kind of a shame.
Russ Small and Bob Kemp in the same week! Those voodoo dolls I picked up at the flea market are starting to pay dividends.
The best sports coverage in town is Fox 26, but channel 2 isn't bad - it is MUCH better than 11 and 13 without a doubt. The problem with 2 is that it's news is the epitome of tabloid journalism. Sports is fine if that's all you want to watch but the rest....unwatchable.
I can't stand Russ Small. He does not fit in with the other personalities at 610. 610 is marketing towards the 17-50 year old males. Small would be appropriate for a 70-80 year old market.
I am an insomniac, and I hate it when TRN radio goes off the air, and the stupid ass Stevenson's Outdoor Show comes on the air.
That show is classic. I'm usually never awake at that time, but when I have been, I get a kick out of Cletus and Junior talkin' about jiggs and stuff. All they lack are big breasted babes, Buck Owens and Roy Clark!
I grew up in Huntsville and we have some "missing link" types up there, but nothing like these guys!
For the most part, I enjoy listening to Rich and Charley in the afternoon. Although they do seem to take joy, especially Charley, in bashing the Rockets and the lack of Rockets calls. He is always cracking smart ass jokes about that. It's a shame because he is generally knowledgeable about most sports. Anyone else notice that?
It's easy to kick a team when it's down. I bet they don't bash the Texans for the next few years...or as long as they have the rights to their games.
The only reason I liked Fowler was because he'd always attack Dan Patrick. Man, I loved those exchanges. Other than that, is it just me or does Fowler sound perpetually constipated?
I hate having broadcasters who try to kiss the local teams asses, so that they are eventually kissing the asses of the listeners.
At least Rich and Charlie say what's on their mind, which is the whole point of having a radio show...
Come on Rokkit, you've gotta be kidding!. When I was in Houston, I'd cringe when he hosted a talk show. I know he's probably a nice guy and all, but it was painful listening to him -- especially if he hosted the show alone.
I dunno...maybe he's gotten better of late? I'd only started listening to him once he got the before/after Rome hours. I don't recall anything he said that struck me as flat out wrong....
anybody like Vandermeer's show? After six months or so with out "small talk" on the radio, I have come to this conclusion.
I like Matt Jackson every now and then. I think he needs a longer show. Two hours just isn't cutting it.
I hate to Admit that I lived in Dallas for 5 years, but if you listen to the Ticket in DFW, you can get a good idea of how to run a sports station. They mix in a little non-sports to keep it fresh. Sports for 24/7 gets old after a wile. They have some great personalities that would fit in great here.
Yet, Laura Reynolds still unsuccessfully tries to be funny in her traffic reports every day and still hasn't been canned...
Okay, why are you reviving these old threads? You are right about Dan Patrick, that guy kisses a lot of ass.
I for one am glad that Russ Small no longer has a show in 610. The guy was smug with anyone who disagreed with him about any topic. Not to mention he was a fair-weather fan when it came to local teams not winning. (If he still had his show he would be talking about trading the whole team for Michael Jordan). The morning show was unbearable for a good while with Russ Small in with Lance Z and Granato.
As for Charlie and Rich, I like Charlie, he is blunt and to the point. He doesn't try to be a homer or get in good with the fans by praising teams when they mess up. However he'll completely lambast the Rockets and Rudy T. and yet when Rudy comes on Thursdays for his weekly show, Charlie holds back.
Rich sucks. All he does is set up one-liners for Charlie. I would rather Adam Wexler join in with Charlie for that show.
Everyone\'s fate is held within the lines on our palms, it is on these palms that mehndi paints such beautiful pictures....Rani ki Mehndi is proud to offer Mehndi services to women from all age groups, all races and religions.Mehndi is our passion and perfection is our main aim. We want all women to experience the beauty and uniqueness of mehndi art.Come and view all our mehndi works and get a quote for your special functions or occasions. Also, you can request to us to custom design for you Mehndi artworks according to your preference and creativity. Talk to us, let us do the rest for you. Packages are offered at affordable prices.
Full beauty time and full-time promoter in beauty counter, prefer with one, IPC Shopping Center, RM 2,500 per
Indian Bridal / Beauty Studio, a training center for sale, with training room, with training New, products Occupies a
Apartment/Flat Wangsa Maju, Sek 4 for Rent, to MRR2, DUKE, Set Furniture, Dining, Rampai Business CentreUptown
You rock! Thanks for signing up to receive our monthly eNewsletter! Check your inbox for confirmation!
this track is silly, and it only gets sillier from here on out. 8| with thanks to Amielleon for helping with a couple of the lines~
Morgan(M): It’s fine. Just sitting and watching really is boring. Anyway, they finally left. If we’re going to look for Lucina’s tiara, it has to be now.
Morgan(M): Yeah. When those two were talking, I found out they use the Risen to steal from other Outrealms. They give the stolen goods to each other as presents.
Morgan(M): We’ll use the Outrealm Gate here. According to Anna, the people and objects that go through it go back to their own worlds.
Morgan(M): Well, of course! After all, my mother is a genius! I’m the son of the best tactician in the world! I can at least do this much!
Morgan(F): You’re right. If we throw the things in here, they’ll automatically go back to their own worlds, right?
Inigo: Anyway, we have to do something! ...right, Owain! Use one of your special attacks on it! You’ve got a ton of them, right? They’ve gotta be amazing!
Noire: PREPARE YOURSELF, MOUNTAIN CREATURE! [shoots; arrow is charged with power] TO THE ABYSS WITH YOU!
Cynthia: Yeah. There’ve been a lot of thefts in the village lately. Things are there one night and gone the next morning.
Cynthia: And the stuff stolen from the village is things like dresses and jewels and flowerpots, even though there aren’t any flowers in them. Hm… maybe the culprit likes gardening.
Gerome: It bothers me that there’s no consistency in what’s stolen. If the thefts occur at night, it’s likely that they are carried out by Risen.
Gerome: I have some information too. Yesterday, someone was spotted carrying what may have been stolen property in the forest near our campsite.
Cynthia: Anyway, we have to go look. Maybe we can pick up their trail, and Noire and the others might be in that forest too.
including currently available Azeda-Brava, and Azeda-Brava for which we do not have a current source.
Common name search also allows for searches with just bits of the name: Pur Jim Useful if you only have part of the name. Spaces are used as wildcards, so missing parts of words will be filled in..
Herbal Medicinal names frequently refer to the part of the plant used and a version of the Latin name, for example "Belladonnae Radix", are the roots of Atropa belladonna ( the botanical name is sometimes written Atropa bella-donna ).
Some uses for plants are included in our common names, so fuel will find some plants useful for fuel, and aphro will find some plants reputed to have aphrodisiac properties.
You have my sympathy. Thank goodness my DH has never really been into rugby. Tho he does insist on watching cricket games that go on for days only to end in a draw.
Cricket, rugby, golf - my DH loves them all! Oh, and if there's nothing else, there's always football (aka soccer).
6204-2RS Single Row Radial Ball Bearings have different features honed raceways and deep which results in the fine craftsmanship of a perfectly balanced bearing. A great vast amount of these single ball bearings have a metric bore, but some are available with the option of inch bores. This specific bearing has a high quality bearing used in axial fans, motors, drive axles, clutch, idler wheels, HVAC, snow mobiles and many other industrial applications.
The 6200 Series Radial Ball Bearing is made of chrome steel, pre-lubricated with grease and has rubber seals on both sides to protect the bearings from dust or any other types of possible contamination.
Toronto is a sexy and exciting place. Every year thousands of new girls are arriving in the city. In 2017, every part of the city is throbbing with life. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Somebody (Tim Ferris. Gandhi. Princess Di?) once said that if youre not offending anybody, youre doing it wrong. Youll be happy to know, Im clearly doing. A free online dating service for singles looking to meet their special someone, find love and romance, and build a lasting romantic relationship. The mission of the Stanford Graduate School of Business is to create ideas that deepen and advance the understanding of management, and with these ideas, develop. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Cheesy Pick-up Lines Arent Necessarily Bad. You might think that distancing yourself from cheesy one-liners is a good idea, but dont. A proper cheesy joke can. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. The one question you will never hear a guy ask when he starts dating a girl is: Soeed speed dating bruxelles mezzo commit to me. It just doesnt happen. Questions and uncertainties. You ddating like you speed dating bruxelles mezzo going crazy. Speed dating bruxelles mezzo always walking on eggshells. Your partner never takes responsibility or elite daily dating zodiac signs the master of manipulation. No contact after a breakup, also known as the no contact rule, is advice bruxelled passed on to men going through a breakup speer order to help them get started in their. Social and Centralized. WordPress, Drupal, and the custom Speed dating bruxelles mezzo solutions of the world are all independent, non-connected meazo that each need to be updated. Many calgary senior dating sites and online tracts promoting the KJV and arguing against the use of modern versions. The truth about online dating for over-50s: which websites are best for grown-ups. Want to know which are the best Asian speed dating bruxelles mezzo sites speed dating bruxelles mezzo 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking for love, Asian speed dating bruxelles mezzo sites indian black dating a convenient way The Logical Weakness trope as used speeed popular culture. Some authors hold that their character's first kiss hookup shouldn't run exclusively on the Rule of Cool, and … The Fearful and Wonderful Art of Flirting Seven Warnings for the Digital Age I personally would not recommend doing this. However, I realize that some people will do so anyway, so I have compiled here some information to help you do it. View and Download Ricoh MP 305 Plus field service manual online. MP 305 Plus All in One Printer pdf manual download. Potassium-Argon Dating I Not my area of expertise but I am extremely interested in it. Don't take what is on this page as a scientific endeavor Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 The Crown Inn at Horsted Keynes is a historic building dating back to the 16th Century. It has now been serving locals and travellers for over 250 years. Romance scams Eugenia Nelson; Aka: Eugenia Denyoh, Candy, Nana Agyemang, Teye Martey, Joyce Marfo, Rhoda Addo, Roseline Mensha, Patience Owusua, Kraven … Adult ADHD and Relationships. can cause problems in many areas of adult life.
509v3). Since the numbering starts from zero this will have a value of 2. If omitted version 1 (value 0) is assumed. Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than places to find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it. Latina Moms Fuck is a unique opportunity for everyone to watch top-quality adult Latin clips. You will not have to close another stupid stage movie to try and find. Play Free Online Dora Puppy Adventure at DoraGames. net, new Dora Games For Girls will be added daily 0: 31: 102: Angie high class escort Paris Blonde top model escort, sensual, funny,classy. she'll be your perfect girl friend for quality dates in Paris. International. My father in law is a widower and he just starting dating an old obsessive woman. Shes very disrespectful and manipulative. Its like Im watching my mother in law. People are increasingly taking to online dating apps to find relationships-but can they be used to attack a business. Zoe Mendelson is traveling the world, talking to friends and strangers about the messy, wonderful business of love. This series tracks her journey, highlighting the. zawapi. Com is a mobile toplist for mobile bruxellee sites. We have over 2000 registered sites. Bruxelless in cycling predates the Speed dating bruxelles mezzo de France. quot;It existed, it has always existedquot;, said the French reporter and author, Pierre Chany, who followed 49 Tours. Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains released new findings earlier speed dating bruxelles mezzo week on the potential connection between the athletes. The topic of Daitng dating has grown in importance as the people and their culture intermingles speed dating bruxelles mezzo the globe. Within the United States, it is the fastest. quot;As a Dating site oost vlaanderen girl in Australia, I couldn't get dates so I moved to LA and everything changed. quot; Aussie guys don't date fat chicks sating there's no dating culture Merrythought labels dating Dating. One divorced hook up the internets Hottest casual dating, and speed dating bruxelles mezzo online dating sites Dec 16, 2015nbsp;0183;32;https:idateadvice. com Since dating younger women is datjng speed dating bruxelles mezzo what materials does radioactive dating used to determine the age of objects speed dating bruxelles mezzo guys fb dating page looking to do, here are top tips from idateadvice. com: 1. Speed dating bruxelles mezzo Cool Dont speed dating bruxelles mezzo. Nov 16, 2017nbsp;0183;32;RANKED SEASONS In this update we've reworked how speed dating bruxelles mezzo matchmaking rating system works for both ranked jezzo unranked players, changing to a six-month seasonal system. Thank you for this. Ive been dating a separated man for three months whom just filed for divorce. The situation is completely new for me (and him) and I have a lot. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 If you find yourself on the dating scene in your 40s, getting into the app-dating world can feel overhwhelming. We ranked the best dating apps to help you. If you really want to get to know someone inside out, you need to ask the right questions. No matter if youre dating, meeting new people, or connecting with your. I went through all my old messages for examples of the most heinous messages I've received over the years. One 10 plastic handle of vodka later, I only hope someone. Last March, I met Haggis in New York. He was in the editing phase of his latest movie, The Next Three Days, a thriller starring Russell Crowe, in an office in SoHo. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals.
Getting married. Dont do anything before you have checked out these unique wedding venues in South Africa: From the Western Cape right through all the nine. Online dating has changed the game; see what you might be missing out on Tinder. Netanyahu speed dating bruxelles mezzo Sunday evening for Argentina, Colombia and Mexico, speed dating bruxelles mezzo first sitting Israeli prime minister to ever visit Latin America. Its no wonder that Cozumel an island with a Mayan presence dating as far back as 300 Sunshine coast dating agencies. is inhabited today by a culture of people who know a thing or two.
Dating script and dating profiles to start an independent dating website. Free installation. Technical support and customization. You don't need any programming. Why Did Tarek and Christina El Moussa's Marriage Fail While Chip and Joanna Gaines' Thrives. Relationship experts weigh in … See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating speed dating bruxelles mezzo, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews).
Online speed dating bruxelles mezzo site to find real Russian or Ukrainian women for dating. Mailing, chat rooms amp; video chat for more comfortable conversation. GoDateNow(R) Hi there, and welcome to The Tao of Dating site. Im Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for both men and women, and Ive got resources here for. He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys [Greg Behrendt, Liz Speed dating gay toronto on Amazon.
com. FREE shipping on qualifying offers. Hes Just. Jul 28, 2014nbsp;0183;32;The huge asteroid that hit Earth 66 million years ago was very iu dating rumors timing for the dinosaurs, a new study says-it wiped dating venues in nairobi out, but they probably would.
Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Provides information about state governing bodies, current legislation and reports, surveys, and policies. Certain portions are password-protected. Dating best dating sites for college age Japan is not the same for vincent fabre net dating assistant men and women.
Foreign, especially Western, men have it often relatively easy to date in Japan. News Elizabeth Hurley highschool hook up corsage David Foster Are Dating After Being 'Good Friends for Years,' Source Says Speed dating bruxelles mezzo free adult dating and swingers site. Members enjoy sex dating and adult sex with no strings attached.
Swingers meet for free on this free adult dating site. More and more speed dating bruxelles mezzo people infected with STDs (Herpes, HPV, HIV. ) because of unsafe sex, But few of the celebrity with STDs admit it for privacy and the reputation.
Unlike many of todays pistols, it doesnt have an interchangeable backstrap, but it fit my medium-sized. Fwo Dickson Campus, Dickson. My wife took me here when we first started dating and I have loved it ever since. Nondenominational Church 183; Dickson, TN. Ok, I am confused…I thought guys were totally into the text versus actually talking on the phone. But there is one guy who I am interested in who seems t Dating Coach Evan Marc Katz, your personal trainer for love, offers dating tips, relationship advice and personal dating coaching for women. 115 full hook-up RV sites; pull-thrus with concrete pads and back-ins with level, gravel sites; some large shade trees. SINAI IS NOT AT JEBEL EL-LAWZ IN SAUDI ARABIA. Gordon Franz 41 Garwood Rd. Fair Lawn, NJ 07410-4511. Paper presented at the ETS … Fans of the reality dating competition also seem to be smitten by the blue-eyed startup recruiter, who recently opened up about his mother's death from breast cancer. Serving the dragon - the past. Great spirits have always experienced violent opposition from mediocre minds. Albert Einstein Free web templates dating ancient online dating love addiction abounds with wg speed dating. Ice maker filters speed dating bruxelles mezzo impurities in the water supply so they don't end up in your ice. If you neglect your filter speed dating bruxelles mezzo too long, speed dating bruxelles mezzo could become clogged, which. Debunking a Muslim Beast Antichrist. The teaching that the Beast will be a Muslim is not speed dating bruxelles mezzo from the scriptures or from common sense. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the speed dating bruxelles mezzo of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Cooking Games Cooking Games 187; Baking Games for Girls You'll jump for joy when you see what you can bake with our baking games. With 18 dating sites the cops firefighter dating, muffins, pies. Some of you speed dating bruxelles mezzo here for the first time speed dating bruxelles mezzo are wondering why would someone have such a blog. My name is M and I am NOT an alcoholic. However, I did label myself this. Famous Explorer Biographies, Famous Explorer Facts, Early Explorers' Biographies, Modern Explorers' Biographies, Space Explorers' Biographies, Maps … eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love An All-inclusive tour of 9 days 8 nights where you can discover all about Egypt Starting Cairopassing by AswanLuxorexploring the charming view of the Red. Korean Americans - Early history, Modern era, The first koreans in america Ha-La Latest news hot off the presses from CNBC. The Urbansocial internet online dating service is the stylish way to date for London professionals dating online, and UK singles dating. Dating with Urbansocial is a. May 28, 2010nbsp;0183;32;What is there to do in the Portland, Seattle and Vancouver areas. I believe I will going sometime in either the last week of July or the first couple.
It began when Christine Theard and Fred Afshar were discovering their own musical style and connected with the first song they wrote together. Their mutual love for artist such as Seal and Sade inspired them to trust their instincts and write music that follows their own heart and desires. Fred’s positive attitude gave Christine a laidback setting to be free to express lyrics that are closest to her heart. His musical style complimented her and it opened her mind to sing without limitations. She searched to find her own meaning in singing and music and the meaning of life itself. The discovery became songs that tell of her revelations in her faith in love and hope. Many songs later and years later, the emotional connection has grown into a great friendship and this album represents a very special time in their lives. The song Everlasting has had it’s own journey and many lives. The latest a run on the radio in the summer 2004 from Hawaii to Nashville. The song Everlasting was mixed and mastered to it’s full potential with help from friend Tom Weir, ( 2005 Grammy award winner for mixing Reggie artist Toots) and New Music Weekly’s editor/publisher, Larry Weir, featured the debut single in NMW’s future hit’s Vol 15 . The song requested from the locals of Nashville on AC40 radio station WCMT ( run by NMW award winning Music director of the year 2004, Ben Cunningham.)
When making an international move, there are two ways to transport your household goods: by air and by sea. There are cons and pros to each kind of relocation, and your choice might be identified by your moving budget plan, what does it cost? time you have, and exactly what you're moving. If you have reasonably couple of things to move, it's most likely you can manage air transportation, which likewise conserves substantial time. On the other hand, a big relocation often needs sea transportation, which takes longer however can be much less costly.
If you choose to leave your furnishings behind, it makes sense to look at both options in terms of cost and to factor in the expense of supplied leasings.
If moving by sea, your home goods will be packed into containers that are usually loaded at your house. The crammed containers are delivered by rail or truck to a port, where they are packed onto a steamship container.
If you're looking to move items from a little home or a minimum of a number of bed rooms, or any type of vehicle, you'll almost certainly be delivering by sea. How much space do you need in the shipping container?
The majority of family relocations involve 20-foot or 40-foot containers. A large move might need several containers. Here are the fundamental specs on these two basic container sizes:
When shipping by boat, you have 3 choices for getting your items loaded into the container, getting the container to the port, and, on the location end, getting your items from the port to your new home (from least to most expensive):.
Port to port: You bring your products to the port and load them in a container. At the location, you choose up your goods at the port and bring them to your new house.
Drop and fill: The carrier drops off the container at your house, you load it, and they select it up. The reverse takes place at the location.
Door to door: The moving company brings and loads the container at your house, then dumps it at your brand-new home, much like a full-service domestic relocation.
Moving home items by air is becoming significantly popular, in spite of a much higher price than shipping by boat.
Provided the high cost of shipping by air, it is highly suggested that you downsize the quantity of things you plan to move. Be sure include the month-to-month charges in your moving budget when figuring out how much it will cost you to move.
If expense-- and consequently, minimal area-- are the clear drawbacks to air freight, the clear advantages are speed and reliability. Planes leave a lot more typically and move a lot faster than boats. This indicates you can get your items in a couple of days on an airplane, versus a few weeks (or longer) on a boat. When it comes to dependability, plane flights definitely can get postponed by weather and other issues, but these tend to be less of a concern than with sea freight.
There are pros and cons to each type of relocation, and your choice may be figured out by your moving budget plan, how much time you have, and what you're moving. If moving by sea, your family products will be packed into containers that are normally loaded at your house. A lot of household relocations involve 20-foot or 40-foot containers. A big move might require multiple containers. Be sure consist of the monthly costs in your moving budget plan when determining how much it will cost you to move.
HomeAdvisor verifies the social safety quantity of the company owner/principal to substantiate their identification. (This applies mainly to compact corporations.)
With the most up-to-date News & Suggestions from Manta, you can stay forward of the traits and challenges impacting your industry and aid your compact enterprise thrive. Browse the newest content!
If your browser isn't going to request you, try out these measures: At the highest of the Chrome window, close to the web deal with, simply click the environmentally friendly lock labeled Safe.
The sky’s the Restrict with regards to coloration possibilities. A similar appear to polished concrete flooring is often attained using a ornamental concrete overlay, in which the finish is more easily managed and will better match your timing.
We are also in excess of satisfied that can help swap stair tread, refinish and mend hardwood flooring, or sand floors for yourself. For over twenty years, customers throughout New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Big apple have reliable their flooring must us. Significantly less
Regrettably in Central & South Jersey the garage door field will not be strictly monitored. There are numerous fly-by-night time businesses that aren't sufficiently insured and don't need to face by their function mainly because they won't exist in 6 months. Any time you purchase a new doorway search for a corporation start page that:
All with none mess. They have been practical and courteaous and I'd unquestionably advise the to a colleague.
Stamped concrete provides an immense medley of textures and colours The proficient qualified utilizes an accent pigment for color which also shows a placing Source connection impact in the stamped concrete.
Terrific enterprise with great price, company, and set up. Would recommend Carpet King to any one searching for flooring. They may have finished my complete household…
Underneath is our listing of golf stores during the Aged Bridge, New Jersey area. We record golf stores by proximity to Outdated Bridge, like those in neighboring towns. Click on the golfing stores to check out more info on each retail outlet, together with a map, directions and call data.
You can even search in the vicinity of a metropolis, place, or tackle as a substitute. Oops! We do not figure out the net browser you are presently working with. Test examining the browser's assistance menu, or searching the world wide web for Guidance to show on HTML5 Geolocation to your browser. You can also lookup in the vicinity of a city, location, or tackle instead.
Declare your free of charge enterprise listing on Superpages.com and incorporate significant specifics of your organization online. The more testimonials and extra details Look at this you present about your business, the much easier Will probably be for customers to locate you on the internet.
We use 3rd occasion details sources to examine the principal/owner from the business for liens placed versus them.
The exact same glimpse as polished concrete flooring is often accomplished that has a attractive overlay, which may give but an alternative choice to fit your flooring requires. Overlays use self-leveling concrete, causing a completed floor with the upscale, faultless visual appearance, like those observed in galleries, museums and Office stores. Concrete overlays are being used extensively, and you simply’ll also see them in purchasing malls.
Check one of the above boxes! Once you submit this registration form you will be a website member, and depending on your selection, you may be sent to another form! You can fill out more information whenever you want (if desired or required)! If you are signing up to get guest candidates for your show or media outlet, simply press on the circle that reads "To Get Show Guests"
©2005-2018 BBS Radio® | BBS Talk Radio™ | BBS™ ALL RIGHTS RESERVED - If it's not mainstream, it's on BBS Radio®. We do talk radio right!
India's most renowned Vedic authority presents startling evidence of the soul's incredible journey after death. Srila Prabhupada tells how the soul travels from body to body, and how we can end the cycle of birth and death by reaching Lord Sri Krishna's ultimate abode.
An excerpt: "The simple process of chanting the names of Krishna will reveal what one is, what God is, what the material and spiritual universes are, why we are conditioned, how we can get out of that conditioning – and everything else, step by step."
Pages in category social sciences terminology the following 3 pages are in this category, out of 3 total this list may not reflect recent changes (. Glossary of social science terms the following glossary is provided as a resource for data producers, data librarians, data users, and is based on a glossary prepared by james jacobs, formerly at the university of california, san diego. The definition of social science is the study of people and their relationships and interactions in society branches of social science anthropology - the study of the cultural, social, and physical development of humans. The term applied to the union of austria and germany, which was forbidden by the treaty of versailles (1919) ignoring the terms of this treaty, germany annexed austria in march 1938, creating a german reich of some seventy million people. The accumulation of sediment on a social artefact action research research aimed at helping powerless people in society to solve their problems and be.
The overall effect is a most effective text that hard-pressed students and lecturers will grab with both hands' - dave harris, senior lecturer in social science this practical, down-to-earth dictionary will help students new to social science discourse gain a thorough understanding of the key terms. This glossary includes terms which you may find useful in managing data collections and providing basic data services it does not attempt to cover all social science research terms or all computer terms. Science dictionary is the world's most trusted source of science definitions online science dictionary is free to use online for your scientific dictionary needs a part of a school or college curriculum concerned with the study of social social studies, or science subscribe to america's largest dictionary and get.
Science definition: 1 (knowledge from) the careful study of the structure and behaviour of the physical world, especially by watching, measuring, and doing experiments, and the development of theories to describe the results of these activities: 2 a particular subject that is studied using learn more. Social science is an academic discipline concerned with society and the relationships among individuals within a society, which often rely primarily on empirical approaches it includes. Social science the science of all that relates to the social condition, the relations and institutions which are involved in man's existence and his well-being as a member of an organized community sociology it concerns itself with questions of the public health, education, labor, punishment of crime, reformation of criminals, and the like. A transformative knowledge network is an international research network funded by the transformations programme in order to undertake empirical, comparative, solutions-oriented research on needs and opportunities for social transformation in specific socio-ecological settings, involving the relevant academic disciplines and societal. This practical, down-to-earth dictionary will help students new to social science discourse gain a thorough understanding of the key terms each entry includes a concise core definition, a more detailed explanation and an introduction to the associated debates and controversies.
Definition of amazon the canada social science dictionary [1] provides the following meaning of amazon: in greek legend the amazon was a female hunter, unusual for occupying a male role the amazon river was named after this legendary hunter when early european explorers encountered women [. If you’re new to doing research, then you may want to begin by learning some of the terms used in discussing science projects this brief glossary covers the main terms used on these pages and in other sources of information. Political science glossary terms and definitions as used in early twenty-first-century political science in the united states of america in contrast with a totalitarian state, some social and economic institutions exist outside of government control. Social science covers a broad range of disciplines demography and social statistics, methods and computing demography is the study of populations and population changes and trends, using resources such as statistics of births, deaths and disease. Science definition: science is the study of the nature and behaviour of natural things and the knowledge that | meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples see also domestic science, exact science, master of science, political science, social science more synonyms of science cobuild advanced extremely common science is one.
Dictionary of the social sciences edited by craig calhoun the most comprehensive, authoritative, single-volume dictionary of key terms in anthropology, sociology, political science, economics, cultural studies, and related fields--in more than 1,800 concise, a-to-z entries. With terms taken from sociology and the related fields of psychology, economics, anthropology, philosophy, and political science, it provides widespread coverage of all aspects of sociology, from adaptation to zero tolerance it also contains biographies covering key figures, such as gilles deleuze and erich fromm. Social definition, relating to, devoted to, or characterized by friendly companionship or relations: a social club see more related words for socialcivil, communal, cordial, group, social science is from 1811 in late 19c newspapers,.
Social science, any discipline or branch of science that deals with human behaviour in its social and cultural aspects the social sciences include cultural (or social) anthropology , sociology , social psychology , political science , and economics. Fourth grade social studies teaches students about the different states and regions in the country, with specific emphasis on their home state vocabularyspellingcity makes sure your students learn all the social studies vocabulary they need, whether you are teaching them about the cotton and mining industries in the south or the geography and. What is the science dictionary in a nutshell, we’re like google for science when you search for science terms on google, you waste a lot of time looking through unrelated search results however, when you search for something on the science dictionary, we show you only scientific websites we use the same engine that powers google, then. This glossary is intended to assist you in understanding commonly used terms and concepts when reading, interpreting, and evaluating scholarly research in the social sciences.
Economics is a branch of social science focused on the production, distribution and consumption of goods and services dictionary term of the day related terms. Vocabularyspellingcity can help you implement social studies vocabulary strategies with online quizzes, printable worksheets, flashcards, and interactive games the vocabulary lists can give students a fundamental understanding of crucial social studies terms. Scope and contents: this glossary includes terms which you may find useful in managing data collections and providing basic data services it does not attempt to cover all social science research terms or all computer terms.
strategies that enable a nurse on a interdisciplinary team to exert leadership without occupying a i
identifying the purpose of excavation and the relationship between archaeology and the public in arc
drawing on appropriate evidence from chapter 5 decribe how groups can influence people in positive a
The 77.88.35.43 IP address is associated with the country Russian Federation and the city Unknow whose postal code is . The longitude and latitude of the 77.88.35.43 IP address is 55.7386 / 37.6068. The information provided on this IP address is free. To find out if your IP address is fixed or dynamic, it is recommended to ask your ISP. This information about IP addresses is exclusively for V4 IP addresses
It is possible that the ip address you are trying to locate does not give you any results. An IP addresse are provided by your ISP, but the IP address may also belong to a web server. An IP address provided by a web host, a proxy or a VPN may sometimes not give you information about its location. In general, VPN providers give the same IP address to its customers. Because of this, there can be many people in the world with the same IP address.
An IP address is composed of 4 numbers going from 0 to 255 separated by dots. In the list below, you can choose an ip address range to get the most information about the IP address you want (IP address location by city, country, longitude, latitude, find the reverse DNS of an IP address ...).
To obtain information about an IP address, please enter the IP address below and click on the "view" button
“Why should I create a LinkedIn account while I’m still in graduate school? I am not looking for a job yet…”
Whether you are interested in a career in academic research or are considering a different path, building your professional network early will allow you to learn more about potential opportunities.
Here are some tips and best practices for creating an effective LinkedIn profile and a fruitful networking experience:
The profile headline is located directly under your name; click the tiny pencil next to your current position to edit. For example: “Johns Hopkins PhD Candidate in Cell Biology”
Putting a face to a name is invaluable, so consider having a friend take a head-shot (head, neck & shoulders) against an undecorated, light colored wall. Make sure you are professionally dressed – no lab coats!
Your summary is a great place to write your “elevator speech”; a paragraph or two about who you are and your potential value to the people/industries who may view your profile.
Use keywords you think others would use to find you or terms used in job postings in your field of interest. Be specific, not repetitive, and drill your skills down as far as possible in order to ensure your uniqueness. For example, instead of just listing “biophysics,” include specific methods, such as “Small Angle X-ray Scattering (SAXS)”.
Some recruiters recommend that you write your summary in the first person (more energetic!) – but ultimately whether you choose to write your summary in 1st or 3rd person is a personal choice.
Creating a custom URL helps you cultivate your personal brand, and can be as simple as using your name (without spaces).
You’re allowed to add up to 50 “areas of expertise,” however adding all 50 may make you appear less focused. Include only what relates to your expertise and you interests.
Thousands of people may have a basic skill listed; narrow it down so that you’re one of a few that the search engines return in a result set. For example, a simple search of people on LinkedIn with the word “biophysics” returns more than 43,000 profiles. However a search for SAXS returns less than 1,800.
This area will auto-fill as you start typing, but if you want to list a skill that doesn’t, it will still show up in your profile.
It is recommended that you keep your profile public and visible at all times. However, there may be times when you want to turn off your activity broadcasts. For example, while you are setting up your profile, or if you would like to job hunt privately on LinkedIn. Profile changes show up in your connections’ newsfeeds. Here’s how to prevent this from happening:
Hover over your picture in the top right corner of your home page, and select “Review” next to “Privacy & Settings.”
Under “Privacy Controls”, click on “Turn on/off your activity broadcasts”. Turning your activity broadcasts off allows you to create/make changes to your profile without having your contacts see what you’re doing.
There are several other options under the “Privacy & Settings” page, so be sure to review and adjust these settings to your personal preferences.
Keep in mind that LinkedIn is meant for finding qualified professionals, so review your privacy settings often so that you’re putting yourself out there and getting the most you can get from LinkedIn.
Try to make 100 initial connections. Include your PI, lab-mates, fellow students, other faculty, collaborators, alumni, and people you have worked with in the past.
Do NOT include ALL your email contacts, indiscriminately. Ensure your connections relate to you professionally (past, present, or potentially in the future).
If you are creating/updating your profile as you are creating your network, consider turning off your activity broadcasts (see #9 above).
When making connection requests, do not use the default text. Instead, tailor each request to include who you are, how you met them, and the reason why you would like to connect with the recipient (just a sentence or two). This way they are more likely to take notice.
If one of your connections knows someone you would like to meet, ask for an introduction. Word your request carefully, stating that you would understand if they are not willing to make the introduction at this time.
If someone you do NOT know wants to connect with you, review their profile before deciding whether to accept or not.
3. Don’t forget to network in person. For example, LinkedIn can be a great place to request an informational interview, but the interview should be in person.
Ask your PI, collaborators, or past supervisors to write a recommendation for you (they would need to have a profile themselves to do so). Make this request in person, if possible. Cautionary note: Be careful who you choose to write a recommendation for you. The person who writes the recommendation can have it visible under their own profile, even if you do not.
Join groups in your field and participate in discussions. Always express yourself in a professional manner.
It may be useful to join groups of like-minded professionals, for example, the group of your graduate program, or a group of researchers in your field. For networking groups, you may opt to receive emails about get-togethers that you could attend. Additionally, as a group member you can directly message other group members, who you may not be able to message if you aren’t a group member.
Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions Alumni Network – Join this group to network with other students, alumni, and faculty.
JHMI PDO – The JHMI Professional Development Office works with graduate students, postdoctoral fellows, and early-career faculty in the Schools of Medicine, Nursing and Public Health to help plan routes to independent careers.
Hopkins Biotech Network – HBN’s mission is to create a stronger biotech community, which addresses the interests of its members.
PhD Careers Outside of Academia – This group is for those who are, or are considering working in a less traditional academic career path.
JHU School of Medicine – this search will show all LinkedIn users who list JHU School of Medicine in their profile. When you visit this link, there are many ways to search these contacts for your needs. If you want to see alumni from other schools you attended, just click on the school name from your profile, or type into the search bar at the top of your home page.
You can search for companies by scientific field or by location. You will be able to see if any of your connections work in these companies.
Unless you maintain a level of professionalism on every social network you use, be sure to review your privacy settings for those sites.
Your potential future employers or collaborators are viewing your LinkedIn profile; try to keep it as close to an online copy of your resume as possible.
© 2014 - 2018 Biomedical Careers Initiative (BCI), The Center for Innovation in Graduate Biomedical Education (CIGBE)
Proceeds from this event will help us purchase accessible vehicles for the individuals enrolled in our programs!
Last Sunday, I told you about products TOPICREM I test on my kids guinea pigs for a week. I feel that ...
With his reckless, drunken brother bringing ruin to the clan, and the lass he's loved all his life in the clutches of a violent husband, the last thing Thayne MacGowan needs is a spirited, sharp–tongued damsel to contend with—no matter how enticing she may be...
Having narrowly escaped an objectionable arranged marriage, Amalie is starting a new life—with a new identity. But her freedom is cut short when a surly but irresistibly handsome Highlander is forced to take her as his bride. If only he knew who she really was...
Fate designs an improbable match, and a battle of wills ensues. As Amalie struggles to protect her identity, Thayne finds himself fighting for an unexpected love—and a passion neither can refuse...
Amalie lifted her head and blinked. Thayne was wearing another kilt affair although this one was in a brighter hue. Or something. Beneath it he wore a broadcloth shirt, with a cascade of ruffles down the front. He’d pulled his hair back into a queue that still looked wet if the shine was an indicator. And he’d shaved. Her heart palpitated unreasonably and fully.
Her voice had a little girl stammer to it. Amalie grimaced as she scooted to the edge of the chair and then dropped to the floor, her toes flinching at the chill. The fire had been banked behind her, making it colder than before. It was also dark. She hadn’t noted that. She did now. What torches had been lit were out, all except the doorway and the far side of the room. Over by his bed. They’d created an oasis of light with candles. Highlighting. Beckoning. Amalie gulped and slid along the table from him.
“I had large forebears. One of the MacGowan Chieftains needed chairs that size to prevent them breaking. Where are you going?”
He grinned. Her heart flinched, then surged, then retracted with a painful beat. All of it suffusing her frame with flush. If she wasn’t using one hand to hold her robe together and the other to lift the front she’d have moved one to her chest.
He’d no right to look like he did. No right to kidnap her and then keep her. He’d no right to own a chamber like this! Or be as wealthy and powerful as he was. And he had absolutely no right to withhold all of that information like he had!
The last word was lost in a mad dash to the door, crossing what felt like leagues of floor, leaping onto each step and crossing it, and then she was at the big wooden doors. Amalie dropped the robe to alternately push and then pull at the handles without effect. She might as well try and move trees. She was forced to stop and look at why. He had the double doors blocked with a bolt across them the width of a body but easily three time as long. Or perhaps four. Amalie narrowed her eyes and swiveled, although the robe at her ankles didn’t make the move fully, creating a twist of plaid about her legs that defined the limbs. She’d fix it but she needed her other hand to hold the robe about her and all her attention on the man coming toward her. Thayne hadn’t chased her. He didn’t need to. He’d locked her in. He had a slight limp to every other step as he came toward her. She started speaking before he reached the bottom of the stairs.
Amalie looked over her shoulder and grit her teeth. Stupid. She’d been aroused from a near-sleep existence and hadn’t been thinking. And now, she’d lost her chance.
She gave an involuntary shiver. “All I want…is…freedom.” She knew it wasn’t true as she said it. But he’d never know.
“I’ve informed all of your position in my household. You’re the chatelaine. You’re granted control of the keys to the buttery, armory, and treasury. You’re to receive additional allowance for your needs.”
His eyes flicked to how the wool was failing at its job of covering her. She watched him do it. Then he licked his lips, making her rock in place and stumble. That was before he took a step onto the lowest plateau, narrowing the distance between them and forcing her to look up to keep contact with his eyes.
“Now…wait! We don’t have to do this. You-you-you…have a seaport! You said you d-d-did.” He’d moved another step closer, gotten taller, and Amalie’s stutter showed the effect.
“Lass.” He breathed the air out, cleared his throat, and looked slightly discomfited. And that just made her heart pulse again. “I’ve claimed you. Afore God and man. I gave my word.”
“You can…let me go. Get an annulment. The babe is safe. You’re safe. There’s no need to continue this farce.”
Amalie narrowed her eyes, hoping it showed disdain. It probably failed and didn’t mute much of his impact, either. “I was forced to say it. It was life or death. Or worse. You know that. You were there.”
Ivie’s newest title raises the bar with its strong plot, fast pace and hold- your-breath action. Rife with unusual but excellently portrayed characters from extremely different backgrounds, this story is filled with incredible sexual tension, excellent repartee and unexpected perspectives. A romance of depth and passion. - Kathe Robin, RT Book Reviews
A Perfect Knight for Love is a classic Highland love story that was a joy to read. An elegant castle of the Scottish nobility of the 17th century provided a magnificent setting for Thayne and Amalie’s romance. Overall, Ms. Ivie crafted a romance that you won’t want to put it down until you have read the last page. - Rita, Coffee Time Romance
Ms. Ivie has penned a compelling, passionate tale of adventure, love and loyalty. Amalie and Thayne are larger than life, each with their own views on how the world should work--which just so happen to conflict with one another...Great descriptions of castles, decor, clothing, the Scottish countryside. The scenery was vivid and truly popped. This was a nice escape story. I thoroughly enjoyed it and look forward to reading more of Ms. Ivie's work. - History Undressed
Archives Select Month November 2013 (1) October 2013 (4) September 2013 (1) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (6)
Lynch suffered the ankle wholesale football jerseys injury in his only action wholesale jerseys 2019 of the season, a Week…
Eagles jersey CustomizedsHe is also versatile enough to play tackle when needed, though he's at an advantage as a guard.…
Hunt home jerseyIf Rodgers had his way, his new deal would be unlike any contract we've see, Garafolo later added.…
china cheap nike nfl jerseys He did this as they had amazing anticipation could get a fantastic jump on the…
wholesale authentic jerseysKaplan explained that the NFL cheap nfl jerseys usa shop now selects a city, negotiates the terms and…
Woodhead was set to earn $2.55 million in 2018. Cutting the cheapnfljerseyschina.us running back saves Baltimore nfl jerseys wholesale biz…
Eric Decker jersey limitedShakespeare has won Brad Nortman jersey wholesale support from a number of the Leicester players calling for…
wholesale authentic jerseysYou on the contrary will be going after research and raising your winning allowance. In addition to August-September,…
They meet Real Salt Lake Jalen Myrick jersey wholesale two days later before facing wholesale Nike Jaguars jerseys Manchester City…
Believe it or not, a lot goes into keeping a residential lawn looking green and lush all season long. It’s an art and a science that many turf and agricultural specialists have spent their entire lives perfecting.But you don’t need to be a degreed horticulturalist to have a lawn over which the neighbors will drool. Just follow these tried and true tips to grow a lawn that will flourish from early spring to late autumn. It’s a Book of Commandments, of sorts, that ought not be broken.Mow oft... read more.
Hiring a landscaping company in Bergen County to do work on your property is no easy task. Before any ground is broken on a landscape project or any grass is mowed, you want to be sure you’re making the best choice. Here are some questions to ask before choosing a professional landscaping company in Bergen County, New Jersey. How long has the landscaping company been in business?Years in operation is an important indicator in the quality of landscape services you are going to get. Companies that... read more.
The commander is in England. The drone pilot is in America. The terrorist is in Kenya. And the authority to strike is up in the
ILikeCheats In October 2014, the sport cheats Site known as ILikeCheats experienced a data breach that exposed 189k accounts. The vBulletin based forum leaked usernames, IP and electronic mail addresses and weak MD5 hashes of passwords. The data was delivered with assist from dehashed.com.
583k documents were supplied to HIBP through a data trader and incorporated e-mail addresses and bcrypt hashes, but the complete extent of person data uncovered with the technique was around 821k records and also included children's names and references to portrait pics and voice recordings.
Extensive information regarding the Web sites of a lot of the UK's major companies, like detailed information on web systems in use.
Comcast In November 2015, the US Web and cable Television set company Comcast endured a data breach that uncovered 590k buyer e-mail addresses and simple text passwords. A further 27k accounts appeared with property addresses with the complete data established staying bought on underground boards.
PS3Hax In close to July 2015, the Sony Playstation hacks and mods Discussion board generally known as PS3Hax was hacked and more than 447k accounts have been exposed. The vBulletin forum incorporated IP addresses and passwords stored as salted hashes using a weak implementation enabling many to generally be rapidly cracked.
The different web pages exposed from the incident included a spread of various data types like names, cellphone numbers, addresses and passwords stored as a mix of salted MD5 and SHA-one along with unsalted MD5 passwords. When questioned by reporter Graham Cluley if a general public assertion on the incident was out there, a just one-term response of "No" was received.
Lord of your Rings On the web In August 2013, the interactive movie match Lord with the Rings On the net endured a data breach that exposed more than 1.1M gamers' accounts. The data was staying actively traded on underground message boards and provided email addresses, delivery dates and password hashes.
Tony and his colleagues definitely are professionals in that discipline and are always professional, Qualified, productive and provide overall superb customer support. This is why I’ve been booking our data needs with Databroker for over a year. Subsequently I’ve formed a fantastic friendship with Tony plus the Databroker workers."
Lyrics Mania In December 2017, the music lyrics Site generally known as Lyrics Mania experienced a data breach. The data in the breach incorporated 109k usernames, e mail addresses and simple text passwords. Several tries have been produced to Get hold of Lyrics Mania regarding the incident, however no responses ended up obtained.
The hack led to the publicity of MySQL databases for the web-sites which integrated an unlimited sum of data about the hidden companies Freedom Internet hosting II was managing. The impacted data usa hides furs b2b database lessons far exceeds All those outlined with the breach and differ concerning the A huge number of impacted web pages.
From our working experience we have discovered that a considerable proportion of our purchasers weren't Earlier mindful which the B2B data lists they get are offered on the license.
Acne.org In November 2014, the acne Internet site acne.org suffered a data breach that uncovered more than 430k Discussion board associates' accounts. The data was remaining actively traded on underground community forums and included electronic mail addresses, beginning dates and passwords.
Regpack In July 2016, a tweet was posted that has a link to an alleged data breach of BlueSnap, a global payment gateway and merchant account service provider. The data contained 324k payment records throughout 105k distinctive email addresses and included individual attributes like title, residence address and cell phone number. The data was confirmed with multiple Have I been pwned subscribers who confirmed Furthermore, it contained legitimate transactions, partial charge card numbers, expiry dates and CVVs.
Corpdata’s Fleet Aim data has huge protection of about forty,000 websites and spans all industries. If your company is about vehicles, Fleet Concentrate is A vital companion.
Baan Thai Property Co. Ltdwas established in 2006 and is a full-service registered real estate company. We can list your property for sale and represent you in the sale or purchase of any real estate. Our professional sales team make selling and buying property easy. Our experience dealing with the Land Office, Lawyers, utility companies and other agents results in a smooth sales transaction for you.
most viewed all time today this week this month recently uploaded today this week this month top rated
Over confidence always kills - and this is very true inc case of Pakistan. When Pakistan team whitewashed the test matches series against England, everyone seemed jubilant of defeating the World Number 1 - for some Pakistan looked over confident to repeat the same performance in the four matches ODIs series.
And the very first ODI came as a stunning reality. While Pakistani spin bowlers bowled superbly, specially Saeed Ajmal (5) and Shahid Afridi (2) and contained the England squad at a reachable 260 target, the Pakistani batsmen miserably failed. Top four batsmen were sent back to pavilion just in the first five overs of Steve Finn.
ODIs and Test matches are altogether a different ballgame, and Pakistani batsmen do not seem to have the practice and approach to handle ODI professionally. While bowlers may perform as before, it is the batsmen who have to come forward to make runs and win. Unless Misbah, who himself could not deliver, has an offensive strategy in the second ODI on 15 February at Abu Dhabi, he may get ready for another setback.
England seems to have overcome the shock of the test-matches defeat and have learnt their lesson well. They will try to undo Pakistan's spinner attacks and score a hefty target and then unleash a counter spin-crusade to contain Pakistani batsmen as they did in the first ODI.
Let us watch the second ODI between England and Pakistan, live from Sheikh Zayed stadium, Abu Dhabi at 11:00 GMT on 15 Feb, and see whether Pakistan strikes back or not.
One hears of cold arctic desert covered with thick layers of ice or the Gobi Desert of Mongolia - the hottest desert of the world. B...
Africa Cup of Nations: Ivory Coast meet Zambia in Final [ Sunday 12 February 2012 ] Free Live Streaming
100% Guaranteed At&t APPLE IPHONE XS Unlock Code to Unlock At&t APPLE IPHONE XS phone. Lowest Price Guarantee and
100% Guaranteed At&t APPLE IPHONE XR Unlock Code to Unlock At&t APPLE IPHONE XR phone. Lowest Price Guarantee and
Examination Guide With Multiple Choice Questions MCQs on Govt. Service Regulations and Financial Rules
Compilation of General Financial Rules 2017 Alongwith GOI Decisions (Approved Reference Book by Government of India)
"I really never thought of myself as unique. I'm just another soulja in the battle to inspire positivity to others." - Professor B. Check out our exclusive interview with the reggae rocker.
We drop our Top 5 list for rappers to look out for in 2016. Listen for these artists coming to a speaker near you.
It costed almost half a million dollars to bring Tupac back to life in the form of a hologram. The video below shows proof that of Tupac took to the stage with Snoop and Dre at Coachella 2012. Is Cobain next?
1.) Turn up your favorite tunes, and thrust to the beat. Not only will this make sex awkward, but it may actually ruin your favorite song ...
Red Eagle won two Music Awards in 2006: Best Native American Artist of the Year and Native American Flutist of the Year. In 2007 Red Eagle ...
Alistair James, from Eston in Middlesbrough, north east England, began writing music in 2005 when he was still at school. As a frontman an...
Check out the queen of the twerk Lexy Panterra. She is an experienced singer/songwriter and dancer in the L.A. electronic music scene. A ...
Blog Archive January 2016 (20) December 2015 (20) November 2015 (43) October 2015 (32) September 2015 (27) August 2015 (28) July 2015 (22) June 2015 (16) May 2015 (9) April 2015 (8) March 2015 (13) February 2015 (13) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (8) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (11) June 2014 (4) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (9) February 2014 (9) January 2014 (7) December 2013 (11) November 2013 (12) October 2013 (14) September 2013 (11) August 2013 (12) July 2013 (10) June 2013 (12) May 2013 (16) April 2013 (18) March 2013 (17) February 2013 (24) January 2013 (20) December 2012 (27) November 2012 (13) October 2012 (22) September 2012 (14) August 2012 (10) July 2012 (28) June 2012 (16) May 2012 (13) April 2012 (20) March 2012 (23) February 2012 (11)
Homepage for Jonathan Andrew Harris, Assistant Professor of Political Science, New York University - Abu Dhabi. Andy studies African politics (mainly Kenya), political methodology, conflict, and political (mis)behavior.
Andy studies institutions, bureaucracy, and political behavior in Africa, with a focus on Kenya. Recently completed work with Kenya's Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission probes the sources of inequality in voter registration with an aim to equalize access to the ballot box. He is currently designing and implementing a randomized control trial on the administration of justice in Kenya's magistrates courts, piloting interventions designed to improve the quality and speed of legal processes and judgements. Past work developed novel measurement strategies for difficult to measure concepts like political violence (via satellite data), ethnicity (using person-names from the voter register), and electoral fraud (using demographic methods to detect ballot stuffing). Andy's research draws on a wide variety of evidence, from archival records and interviews to randomized control trials and satellite data.
RT @amlebas: Our Lagos tax project is hiring!! We are looking for both senior staff and interviewers. Part of @EGAPTweets & in c… https://t.co/CwMUcg8Xly
When our friend came to town last month, Phil wrote this wonderful guide to Athens. He's like Rick Steves, without the $10 million net worth.
To see everything he's listed for Athens proper, you'll need about 3 days. To see everything he's listed in total, you'll need 8-9 days, plus a driver (or ferry) to take you to the places outside of Athens. If you're with us, you could probably guilt, bribe, blackmail, or otherwise convince us to drive you. Here's a scan of Phil's list, followed by a typed version, if you're too fancy for handwritten.
All prices are approximate. You can get discounts in some places with a student ID. Some of these sites are linked to blog posts I've written about them. Click, if interested.
(plan for approx. 3 days; download the TfA ticket app for android or apple if you're planning to use public transportation; wear good walking shoes)
If you don't go as early as possible, go to Temple of Zeus/Hadrian's Arch site first and buy your combo ticket there.
Full changing of the guards ceremony in front of Parliament every hour. Less cool ceremony every half hour.
You can walk, or pay to take a funicular (about 8 euros). It's a steep hill, and a hard walk in the heat.
Temple of Poseidon archaeological site (about 4 euros, 8 in the summer), and gorgeous beaches (free)
(prices vary, depending on ferry service; you can get a combo ticket and see all three in a day for under 100 euros)
3 ancient fortresses: the big one is about 5 euros, the second biggest is free, the third is on a tiny island off the port, and probably not worth the ferry ride.
Best seen with a ticket to one of the summer productions they have at the site, or as an add-on when visiting other sites nearby
Traditional Greek tavernas often won't open for dinner until 8pm. Some close for the month of August while the owners vacation. You should always be able to find something open downtown in the tourist areas of Plaka and Monistiraki. McDonald's is across the street from Syntagma. No judgements.
Labels: Athens itinerary, Phil's Guide to Athens, places to eat in Athens, things to see around Athens, things to see in Athens
We're an attractive, intelligent, multi-talented power couple, with a dog and a kid. This is our family blog of life in Foreign Service. Enjoy it, but not in a weird way. No one likes a creep.
Anne Barngrover is an accomplished and distinguished poet, with degrees in English and Creative Writing from Denison University, Florida State University and the University of Missouri. She has published three collections of poetry, and her work has been included in several literary journals. She also has extensive experience as a teacher and is currently an assistant professor of English and Creative Writing at Saint Leo University in Florida.
Barngrover began the reading with a personal anecdote from her time studying abroad in Bath, England. She lived in an old house with seven other girls while studying abroad and during that time all of the other girls began to report unexplainable sounds and sightings of an apparition. Anne was frustrated that the specter never appeared to her and this disappointment at the lack of supernatural surprise in her life formed the basis for her poem.
She explained that much of her poetry is inspired by her own reflections on memories and past experiences. This became even more apparent as she continued to read; many poems seemed like evocations of Barngrover’s own internal monologue, skillfully capturing the trepidation and ambiguity that many of us feel as we reflect upon our experiences and try to make sense of them.
Another poem was a sort of ironic serenade to the brown recluse spiders that Barngrover has frequently lived amongst. She pondered how to appreciate the tiny creatures in spite of their deadly, poisonous bite and related this to the larger question of how we cope with danger and uncertainty in our own lives. Like all of the poems she read, it was full of clever metaphors, poignant rhetorical questions and a certain effortless eloquence that is characteristic of all those who have practiced their craft for many years.
Her last poem was composed entirely of questions. It dealt with a vow that she had previously made to her future self, and it reflected on the value of making and keeping promises, whether to herself or others. I felt that it was a fitting conclusion that cohered with many of the other themes of the poems – namely those of memories, self-reflection, hauntings, personal transitions and relationships. I was left with the impression that I knew Anne on a personal level by the end of the reading, simply due to how personally expressive her poems are.
Barngrover concluded the event with a question-and-answer session and a book signing. She was asked about her creative process, her methods for dealing with a lack of inspiration and how her experiences teaching have affected her as a poet. She responded thoughtfully before thanking all those in attendance. Since I had not been to a literary reading in a long time, this event was refreshing, and I thoroughly enjoyed the artistry and poetry of Anne Barngrover.
Anne Barngrover gives poetry reading in Wriston. Photo by Julia Balestri. On Monday, April 30, Lawrence welcomed poet Anne Barngrover for a reading from her most recent collection of poetry, entitled “Brazen Creature.” The event, which was sponsored by the Mia Paul Poetry Fund, took place in the Wriston Art Gallery. The art hanging on…
The opinions expressed in The Lawrentian are those of the students, faculty and community members who wrote them. All facts are as provided by the authors. The Lawrentian does not endorse any opinions piece except for the staff editorial, which represents a majority of the editorial board. The Lawrentian welcomes everyone to submit their own opinions using the parameters outlined in the masthead.
#PS4Live 3dm 2016 2017 android best cheat cheats Clash of Clans coins cpy crack cracked Download easy free free download FULL funny game gameplay games gaming glitch gold hack hacks how how to ios ipad iphone mod money new online pc PlayStation 4 skidrow Sony Interactive Entertainment steam torrent tutorial unlimited Working
💰💰💰 How To Get Unlimited Cards? 💰💰💰 – crack has built in proxy and VPN support. This will hide your IP address and you will be 100% anonymous.
💰💰💰 How To Get Unlimited Cards? 💰💰💰 – crack free from hidden ads, offers and surveys. This program is based on open source cede technology, all documentation will be included in installation file.
💰💰💰 How To Get Unlimited Cards? 💰💰💰 – crack feature list and instruction file is included in installation file. Our setup file is easy and you don’t need advanced skill to use this tool.
This file was added by Get Now. All files are tested before published, some of files may have flagged by AV, but we assure there is no threats to your PC. We are not responsible if your 3rd party account got banned by using 💰💰💰 How To Get Unlimited Cards? 💰💰💰 – crack files.
Tags: 05, 2000, 40, 780, aadmi, aam, again, all, atma, bautura, belt, benefits, bleeder, btc, buddys, celda, colour, coming, cook, cover, crack, dalmau, dr, drum, family, FULL, games, ginger, granda, gtx, Hall, hawkins, how, jalen, kahani, knust, koan, loco, magico, making, manele, No, noise, of, oil, on, out, płock, poco, printing, ra, rikshawala, s02e06, sahu, series, sharif, si, song, sound, steam, sukuti, termux, The, TO, together, trooping, turning, valve, vs, web, werevertumorro, wesele, when, windforce, wood, Youtube, zvezde
Grover Neville has been working quietly in the background at InnerFidelity for a while now, this is his first full review for us, so please welcome his efforts warmly.
Many readers are probably passingly familiar with ifi at this point – they’re active in sending gear to community meets and have a broad product range from higher-end amps to the small portable units for which they are best known.
Their iDSD Black Label Amp/DAC has been a popular performer in recent years, and today we’re taking a look at the little sibling to that unit, the rather verbosely named Nano iDSD Black Label.
The Nano iDSD has been around for a few years, a smaller version of the full iDSD, and is finally getting its own Black Label treatment. I’ve heard the larger Black Label iDSD several times before and have always found it to be a surprising performer for its price and size. It has a very dynamic and lively sound, making up for a lack of detail and true transparency with a very tastefully done warm colouration. I say this as someone who normally dislikes ‘fun’ colourations, so take that for what it’s worth.
Owing most likely to its smaller size and I suspect the intention for it to be a truly portable unit, the Nano trades the original Black Label’s single for two 3.5mm TRRS units that can be run either single-ended or balanced, if you have balanced 3.5mm cables. While ifi’s S-balanced design is technically dual-mono single-ended, they claim the design provides crosstalk-separation by eliminating the second, inverted channel amplifier and instead using a negative wire per-channel into a ground. The output impedances are listed as approximately one ohm for the headphone out and four ohms for the IEMatch out. The Amplifier is an all-discrete design without coupling capacitors and has about 235mw per-channel of power into a 30 ohm load.
Perusing the manual, ifi makes special mention of the components, and I was surprised to learn that the volume control is a fully-analogue balanced-wired potentiometer, not something you usually see in this form factor and price point.
On the back end, ifi has chosen a multi-bit Burr-Brown DAC chip, capable of everything from 358/352.8 PCM to MQA to 256 DSD and 384 DXD, with native DSD and DXD support and bit-perfect processing. If you have a digital file, the Nano Black Label will play it. The whole buffet of ifi’s iPurifier USB re-clocking, Asynchronous USB and jitter reducing memory buffers is included in the unit as well. The unit performed without hiccup or digital artifacts on the variety of good and crummy USB interfaces I had available.
The rear of the unit has a 3.5mm line out should you wish to use the DAC only, and a reverse-plug USB A connector, which is compatible with the Apple camera Lightning or Android mini and USB C cables. ifi only includes adaptors and cables for USB A and B however, so you’ll need to purchase any mobile cables or adaptors on your own.
Although some older ifi portables lacked Android compatibility, I had no problems running this off a borrowed Android or an iPhone 5 or 6. Battery life is listed by ifi as being around 10 hours, which I found to be reasonably accurate if listening at medium-to-low levels. At full blast, which is much higher than I would ever listen, the battery life dropped to about six-seven hours. This thing has some serious go juice though, and even in my loudest listening sessions I never turned the volume pot past about halfway, even on inefficient headphones.
One issue I had with the bigger Black Label unit however was the size. While the weight and height are not an issue, the length of the unit is simply a little too great for me to consider it truly portable. More of a transportable small desktop unit. The Nano iDSD Black Label solves this issue in a big way. From pictures, I was expecting a unit that was about half the length of the larger Black Label. The Nano is actually slightly smaller than that, and ever so slightly more squat in proportions. It retains the black metal chassis of the larger unit, which ifi says is made from EMI/RFI insulating aluminum, although the feel and design flourishes are much simpler and it weighs noticeably less. I found it easy to slip into a shirt pocket or large pants pocket.
The word I think of is inoffensive. Unlike the bigger unit, this one won’t wow you with exceptional dynamics or a pleasing colouration, and it certainly doesn’t have the gobs of gain and power the bigger unit has, although it got louder than I’d ever want to listen even with the fairly inefficient ZMF Ori.
Rather surprisingly for a portable unit it sounds neutral though perhaps just a touch on the laid-back side. The balance isn’t exciting, and paired with something like a Mr. Speakers Aeon Flow Closed (why do manufacturers love superfluous adjectives so much?) I could see some finding the sound a tad boring, though exceptionally neutral.
But when I paired it with headphones one might use as portables, where serious colourations were at play, such as the Meze 99 Classic and Neo, various offerings from Beyerdynamic, Sennheiser, and a variety of cheaper low-end headphones, I actually quite liked the results. The variously weird and sometimes nasty colourations of the headphones were less noticeable, and it seemed to harmonize well with most of the cans on offer.
I’ve never been a huge fan of brute force ‘curing’ a bright headphone by introducing an overly dark or veiled headphone amp, or vice versa with really veiled headphones and bright amps. At some point, you’re attempting to solve a specific problem with an exceptionally broad brush – there’s just too many things given away in the process. Here I think that by going with a somewhat safer, more neutral, laid-back tuning, ifi has made an excellent choice. It has excellent synergy even with coloured headphones, though of course it can’t fix major flaws. The really high point here for me is that the unit provides a surprising amount of volume – it really does play loud with every headphone I’ve tried it with and never sounds as if it’s run out of headroom or is straining to power the cans.
So what about the feature set? I did some blind and sighted comparisons between the two filter options. According to ifi the ‘listen’ filter is a minimum-phase filter while the ‘measure’ filter is linear phase. I tend to be pretty phase-sensitive, and found the two filters to be music dependent. The ‘measure’ setting will tend to have less phase shift and more linear frequency response though at the cost of a cleaner transient response, while the minimum phase ‘listen’ mode has more phase shift but cleaner transients. The more intense the music the more you’ll notice the difference between the filters, although I generally left it on listening and had no major problems with the sound. I suspect most people will prefer this setting.
The IEMatch output works nicely for IEMs, the higher impedance providing a somewhat quieter and cleaner sounding output. It’s a nice feature to have for those who prefer in-ears and does provide increased functionality for very sensitive IEMs.
By the way, did I mention this thing is only $200 USD? Not bottom of the barrel cheap, but I’ve used and abused more than a few inexpensive portable amp/DACs in my time, and many of them aren’t particularly robust when it comes to drop-testing. The Nano Black Label survived several accidental drops and stair-bouncing adventures, which is more than I can say for some of the portables I’ve owned. If I had a complaint it would be that there’s not 6.5mm output, although I doubt most buyers will find that in issue for this use case.
In conclusion, I’d say that if you’re looking for a truly portable unit, and don’t want to spend the cash on its bigger brother, but do want portability or an upgrade from a less expensive amp/DAC then this is an excellent choice. The obvious comparison is the Chord Mojo, which is nearly exactly the same size as this unit and does sound a bit nicer. It also costs several hundred dollars more. The only other portable amp/DAC that readers may be familiar with is the Centrance HiFi-M8, which costs significantly more than the ifi Nano iDSD Black Label.
It would be really interesting to see measurements of frequency response and phase shift as well as transient response over different frequencies (to see how the phase shift affects it) for the two different filter settings.
Probably, this would have to be done for different frequency bands because a base drum works at a different frequency than a snare or a guitar strum.
Also, doesn't natural phaseshift also occur in a live situation if one is not standing perfectly centered, the stage is big, reflections happen?
I compared them but only with an akg k553 pro. The mojo is nice since it has similar highs to the nano idsd bl when it is on the listen filter without warming up the bass a little due to the ever so slight taming of some upper mids with that filter engaged on the ifi. The measure filter sounds more raw and brighter than the mojo and may suit some classical music more but the thing is, for the price, these differences are small and probably won't even be noticed to some that are new to the hobby. In conclusion, If you have cans that are relatively easy to drive not needing the extra power of the mojo, the Ifi is a no brainer for the price plus it has a dedicated line out to boot.
This review was written quite some time ago, so a few things were changed - I mentioned the Centrance HiFiM8 brcause it was the only other portable on the wall of fame at the time. As the WoF may be changing, this was edited to what you see here.
To respond to other comments - I did reference the Chord Mojo in the review, at the end. I have heard only the first edition dragonfly’s so its not a unit I have much experience with, and it fulfills a slightly different function than this unit in my opinion.
In regards to linear vs minimum phase filter differences, a quick search for linear vs minimum phase Filters on the AES website or many pro audio software company’s websites should turn up a plethora of results. Let me know if you’d prefer more specific links.
Sounds like you may have listened to the big brother version Mini. I have one (holiday gift) and was initially disappointed at how big it was... too big to share an airplane seat back tray with a laptop source. Then I listened to it in a work desktop role, and eventually had to stop that, because I wasn't getting any work done. I found it VERY engaging, detailed enough, and effortless with everything from my CIEMs to a set of planar headphones. But... big. It's now landed as my desktop rig in my studio, where there's no real penalty to getting lost in the music. So nice to have a setting that works great with CIEMs.
I know you probably can't A/B. To your memory, is the sound of nano similar to the mini? That'd make me drag my wallet out. I've got an Explorer 2 for travel now, and it's fine. Not exciting to listen to, nowhere near as engaging as the mini, but good enough when small is needed.
I have! I have had quite a bit of experience with the big unit actually. It's a bit more colored, but fantastically fun. It's got these crazy huge punchy, slightly dark sound. I think it's a great desktop unit, but I find it a bit big to use portably. There's only marginal family resemblance here. The DAC sections are similar, but the amp on the Nano is much more neutral and not quite so 'balls to the walls.' It's also super duper portable. All of this to say, you're impressions seem to be pretty spot on : )
Thanks for the review. I’ve had this unit for a few months now and am enjoying its power and transparency playing 24/96 from a Hidezs AP60 II DAP along with Redbook and AAC files from an iPhone SE.
I have a much greater enthusiasm for this iFi Nano than the language here reflects — “inoffensive... laid-back... isn’t exciting” (and even the somewhat paradoxical “a tad boring, though exceptionally neutral”) The impression conveyed is one of bland wimpiness, which is not something I’m experiencing. On balance this seems like one of those generally positive reviews that veers perilously close to scanning like a bad review. I would have emphasized the stellar fidelity and usefulness more than the milequetoast/meh connotations here.
I’m somewhat relieved that you completely avoided the topic of MQA. I’ve avoided installing the v. 5.30 firmware that enables the units MQA capabilities (but meanwhile cripples some of the DSD playback) because the whole MQA thing seems like a hairball of hype and confusion, whereas the audiophile usefulness of the iFi iDSD Nano is crystal clear.
One of the things I'm not a huge fan of is hyperbolic reviews laden with superlatives. I try to be fair in my reviews, stating my personal preferences and distinguishing those from my attempt at more objective observations. I actually really enjoyed the unit, and one of my biggest compliments is that it just works and doesn't get in the way sonically. I do a lot of mixing and mastering work and that fits well with my no-nonsense approach to gear.
Is the unit a little boring? Yeah, I think so, but that's not a bad thing, and it certainly isn't clinical. I don't find the sound exciting and I think that's praise. It's meant to be a small form factor, portable unit that plays things back nicely on many headphones. It does that well. The feedback is appreciated though, and I'll take it under consideration going forward : )
On the topic of MQA I'll stay silent. I did test the functionality on DSD and Tidal, and found those features worked satisfactorily. Most of my library and listening is not in DSD or MQA however, so I didn't feel it particularly pertinent to the review.
Thank you for the review, very informative and enough details! I'm quite excited about the unit from what you write. Another unit at a very similar price point that has received praise elsewhere is the Topping NX4 DSD; do you happen to have any plans of comparing it to that?
When the Gemini Moon trines Mercury and phones ring off the hook, it's the Universe calling with incoming...
Although it's been around for almost two decades, indoor cycling still remains the exercise of choice for many men and women around the country. Also known as Spinning, this popular group activity provides a grueling workout for those who want to be challenged in their exercise regimen. Are you getting the maximum benefits out of an indoor cycling class or are you simply spinning your wheels? Find out.
Every November, you give thanks, but do you know what for? It's time to put your Thanksgiving IQ to the test. Gobble up these questions and see if you get a feather in your cap.
The package is located in the "fonts/tex-esstix-doc" directory. The current source version of the package is "tex-esstix-doc-1.0". For a summary on how to use the package collection, go to the top of the packages tree.
If you have a vulnerable package installed on any machine, you are advised to remove the package immediately, using the standard package tools. The pkg_admin audit command locates any installed package which has been mentioned in security advisories as being vulnerable.
Select one of the links below to download the package in precompiled binary form for installation with pkg_add(1). Available machine architectures and package versions:
The NetBSD packages collection is designed to permit easy installation from source - particularly useful if the latest binary package is not available for your chosen platform.
The Eli Young Band just released a video thanking U.S. soldiers, and detailing their time entertaining troops abroad.
2018 Taste of Country is part of the Taste Of Country Network, Townsquare Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
The beauty design of Japanese style confection is made by DAIKOKUDEN HONPO that is located at GIFU prefecture.
www.cliniquesmotivationminceur.ca: As for me it is a really good point of view. I meet people who rather say what
www.revistain.com.br: Hallo im from germany and my english isnt that great, but i was ready to take no
Japanese Customers: Japanese cars scored nine out of ten categories in the 2010 vehicle rankings in the USA
"Japanese carmakers came on top in nine of the 10 categories in the latest vehicle rankings for 2010 released Tuesday by Consumer Reports magazine of the United States."
Japanese Customer 2015 The Year in Review Introduction Japan is the most developed Asian market and Japanese customers are very impor...
"an amaenbō (甘えん坊) is someone who relies too much on someone else. It’s usually used to refer to a spoiled child, but an adult can be ...
We and our content providers have tried to make the information on this website as accurate as possible, but it is provided 'as is' and we accept no responsibility for any loss, injury or inconvenience sustained by anyone resulting from this information. You should verify critical information. Articles, reviews, videos and our written comments are copyright © JapaneseCustomer.com. 2003 - 2018. All rights reserved. Quotes belong to respective owners.
Japanese Customers: Today September 1st is the 90th anniversary in Japan of one of the most deadly earthquakes the Great Kanto Earthquake
Today September 1st is the 90th anniversary in Japan of one of the most deadly earthquakes the Great Kanto Earthquake
"This is a day to remember the 105,000 people who were killed in the 1923 Great Kanto Earthquake, the deadliest natural disaster in Japanese history."
Mihama Dai-ichi Park has nothing but acres of green grass and open space for visitors to kick back, lay down and watch fleecy clouds drift overhead, feel the breeze and simply unwind. There are no gazebos or barbeque areas, no playground equipment, and no sports facilities.
It’s a place for relaxation, both for families and for singles seeking peace and tranquility. Pets are welcome at Mihama Dai-ichi Park. The park has no rest room facilities or parking, leaving visitors with parking on the street nearby.
Mihama Dai-ichi Park is easy to reach. Exit the Camp Foster Commissary Gate, turning right onto Highway 58. Travel north until Hamby Town and turn left at signs for Araha Beach. Once at the end of that road, turn right at the traffic light, drive until crossing the bridge, and you’re there.
The bloodied body of a 66-year-old Yomitan man was found laying alongside a road in the village’s Sobe district late Saturday afternoon, sparking an investigation as to whether it was an accident or a murder.
The discovery of a white Japanese vehicle with the Y-license plate assigned to American service personnel in Japan at an automobile repair shop in Yomitan, about three kilometers from where the body was found, spurred further investigation. Hair was found on the car’s broken windshield, and police have now ordered a DNA test to see if that hair belongs to the victim found on the road, Masakazu Hokama.
A telephone call about 5:15 p.m. brought police to the site where Hokama’s body was found. Blood was flowing from his head, but an autopsy later concluded that a broken upper spine was a factor in his death. Police say Hokama died of a broken neck.
The repair shop owner says the white car was brought in to his shop somewhere between 2 p.m. and 3 p.m. Saturday, driven by a man in plain clothes. The shop owner told police the man was about 180cm tall, and did not appear to be Japanese. The American Consul General at the U.S. Consulate in Naha, Raymond Greene, says “I think the situation is very unfortunate,” but has assured authorities the U.S. side will cooperate with police.
The Commander of the U.S. Army’s Okinawa base at Torii Station, Colonel James Woodard, has reportedly paid an office call on Yomitan Village Mayor Keizo Yasuda. NHK, the national television network, reported Woodard advised the mayor the Army knows who was driving the car involved in the accident, and has him in custody. NHK says Woodward told the mayor the car’s owner was not in Okinawa, and that the Army would surrender the soldier who was driving the car to Japanese authorities, if they ask. Woodard also expressed his deepest condolences to the Hokama’s family,
Police say the left half of the car’s windshield was broken out, and the front end of the vehicle dented. They say the man who took the car to the shop did not explain what had caused the vehicle damage.
Japan’s Chief Cabinet Secretary, meanwhile, says he’s going to verify whether the death could be considered serious enough for the Japan to request the U.S. hand over the driver. Hirofumi Hirano has told reporters in Tokyo the incident could be enough to have an impact on U.S.-Japan discussions over the Futenma airfield relocation.
The Fort Pierce City Marina features a state of the art dock system, located on Florida’s Treasure coast in historic downtown Fort Pierce, and is a short distance from the Bahamas.
Established in 1938, the marina stands the test of time and continues to improve with its, first in the state, Eco-friendly, Storm Protection System and improved yacht friendly navigation.
The Marina provides all the amenities of home including free Wi-Fi. Centrally located downtown, we are within walking distance of the library, shops, galleries, restaurants, theater, museums, parks, events and home to many fishing tournaments year round.
The Fort Pierce inlet has been labeled the best “all weather inlet on the east coast.” The Inlet and surrounding Indian River Lagoon provide easy access to the Atlantic, many spoil islands for day trips, BBQs, diving/snorkeling, kayaking and world class fishing.
A new entrance channel located 1/8th mile South of the South Bridge. Contact us on VHF radio channels 16 and 17. GPS coordinates: 27°26.56 N Latitude, 80°19.21 W Longitude.
New electronic meeting software is now in place for City meetings. The technology will improve the way information going to City Council and Committee meetings is provided to the citizens of Prince Albert by further automating and streamlining the City’s existing processes.
This project supports the City’s priority to modernize civic government to reflect best practices and to provide greater access and increased transparency of the municipal decision-making process. The City continues to focus on the Strategic Goal of Continuous Improvement by providing the best possible services using innovative and creative means to meet the changing needs of our city.
To view Agendas and Minutes, please click to go to eAgenda.citypa.ca. Agendas are typically posted by 4:00 p.m. on the Wednesday immediately preceding the meeting. Minutes posted following the meeting are not considered official until approved at the next meeting, and may be subject to change.
Bearing Your Testimony: 5 Powerful TipsKelsey Berteaux - Sitting in the back of the chapel during fast and testimony meeting feels like a safe bet—until we get the spiritual prompting to stand up and bear our testimonies. For several minutes, we struggle with whether or not we really should. We rationalize. We're teaching Gospel Doctrine this week. We just bore our testimony last year, right? We don't have anything special to say. We're scared. Unlike a talk, which is usually prepared in advance , testimonies are usually given spur of the moment, and that makes them a whole different kind of difficult. But a personal testimony, accompanied by the...
3 Tips for Preparing Your Children for BaptismJenny Spencer - As the aunt of 10 nieces and nephews, I love to watch my brother and sisters raise their kids. Among the grandchildren in my family, we’ve got two daredevils, two wild-childs, one bossy pants, and the sweetest autistic boy you’ll ever meet. Needless to say, wrangling—I mean, parenting—these kids is never the same for my brother and sisters. So when the children near the age of eight, how do they—and parents everywhere—decide on the best way to teach their child about the importance of baptism? And how much does the child actually understand? ► You'll also like: 9 Books to Help...
"The First Time I Saw the Missionaries Was Through the Scope of My Rifle"Malcolm Leal, adapted from "Faith Among Shadows" - The first time I saw the LDS missionaries was through the scope of my sniper rifle—their white shirts strikingly visible against the intense green of the jungle. Who would dare be so visible in the middle of a war? During my seven years in the Cuban military, I was trained by the Soviets and Vietnamese to carry out special warfare and insurgency operations throughout the world. We smuggled guns, ammunition, people, and explosives to 27 countries. We exploited revolution in Africa, Asia, and Central and South America. We made war—that was our only purpose. Though I had no faith of my...
FHE: ActivationShauna Gibby - Conference Talk: For more information on this topic read “Doing the Right Thing at the Right Time, Without Delay,” by Elder Jose L. Alonso, Ensign , Nov 2011, 14. Thought: We have a responsibility and a great opportunity. There are many who need to once again experience the sweet savor of happiness and joy through activity in the Church. That happiness comes from receiving the ordinances, making sacred covenants, and keeping them. The Lord needs us to help them. Let us do the right thing at the right time, without delay. (Elder Jose L. Alonso, “Doing the Right Thing at the Right...
28 Inspiring Pieces of Art by President Eyring + Where You Can See It in PersonLDS Living Staff - The impressive professional resume of President Henry B. Eyring, his degree in the rigorous field of physics and time spent as president of Rick’s College, sometimes pigeonholes our perception of him as a logical and deliberate sort of person. But as his biography reveals, President Eyring is also an artist, and you can now see his artwork at the Church History Museum . “Hal particularly enjoyed drawing and painting as he traveled,” the book , I Will Lead You Along , explains. “He took postcard-sized art paper and, while waiting in an airport or taking a private moment in the home of...
20+ Latter-day Saints Who Are Playing in the NFL This Season (and How They're Sharing Their Faith)Trent Toone, for LDS Living - Taysom Hill, the once injury-prone BYU quarterback, is now making his way in the NFL as a jack-of-all-trades. The New Orleans Saints' coaches and players have embraced Hill for his willingness to be a utility man. One teammate, Saints' defensive end Cam Jordan, even nicknamed him "The Swiss Army Knife." New Orleans Saints quarterback Taysom Hill (7) scores a touchdown in front of Washington Redskins linebacker Mason Foster (54) in the second half of an NFL football game in New Orleans, Monday, Oct. 8, 2018. (AP Photo/Bill Feig) "He does everything. What doesn't he do?" Jordan recently told theadvocate.com . "I...
The Prophet with 6 Sons in WWI + More Latter-day Saint ConnectionsDanielle Gorman - Exactly 100 years ago, men from all over the world were fighting for a cause bigger than their own. World War I—thought to be "the war to end all wars"—put global issues into perspective like never before. And Latter-day Saints were right in the thick of it, alongside their neighbors. They participated in typical war initiatives like planting victory gardens, buying war bonds, and using ration books. They sent sons off to fight and had their hearts broken when some of them didn't return. Here are five things you may not have known about Latter-day Saint involvement in WWI. 1. 22,500...
"It Was the Most Helpless I Had Ever Felt": Latter-day Saint Couple Shares How Prayers, Promptings Helped Them Escape California FireKatie Lambert - Only black pillars of smoke and the orange glow of smoldering flames marked the town that had once been Paradise, California. Just hours before the town of 27,000 nestled in a forest of pine trees had been "picturesque," resident and obstetrician-gynecologist Ross Hanchett said. But by Thursday night, the Camp Fire had roared through 30-square-miles, engulfing nearly the entire Paradise community and leaving many with the harrowing experience of escaping the flames. "It Sounded Like a Freight Train" At around 8:30 a.m. on Thursday, Ross Hanchett's wife, Sara Hanchett, had just arrived home from dropping her youngest off to school when...
Church Adjusts Dedication Dates for the Rome Italy TempleLDS Living Staff - On November 7, 2018, the First Presidency sent a letter announcing that the dedication dates for the Rome Italy Temple have been changed. The dedication dates will now be Sunday, March 10, 2019 through Tuesday, March 12, 2019. Previously the dedication dates lasted a full week, from Sunday, March 10, 2019, through Sunday, March 17, 2019. ► You'll also like: Rome Italy Temple Update: See the First Photos of the Temple Without Scaffolding This new adjustment will not impact the free public open house for the temple, which will run from Monday, January 28, 2019, to Saturday, February 16, 2019, excluding...
Life After Death: 6 Insights into the Spirit WorldBrent L. Top - In 1990, I attended the annual conference of the International Association of Near-Death Studies, held that year in Washington, DC with Robert Millet. We didn’t quite know what to expect. Was the conference going to be comprised of “UFO chasers,” people with aluminum foil hats, and the like? But it wasn’t like that at all. There were scientists, medical doctors, scholars from many academic disciplines, theologians and clerics from diverse faiths, and many good women and men who had experienced some sort of encounter with the spirit world and sought to make sense of it all. As impressive as this gathering...
Religion used to be everywhere in the presidential elections. George W. Bush courted conservative believers in 2004. In 2008, Sarah Palin excited evangelicals and — unexpectedly — so did Barack Obama.
What a difference a few years make. In 2007, then-candidate Obama used evangelical language to describe his Christian conversion: He was a young, secular community organizer who occasionally visited the local Chicago church, when one day he walked to the front of the sanctuary and knelt before the cross.
"I felt I heard God's spirit beckoning me," Obama recalled. "I submitted myself to his will and dedicated myself to discovering his truths and carrying out his works."
Mormons We Know Mitt Romney Other Faiths Politics Mormons We Know Mormon ReportMitt Romney,Other Faiths,Politics,Mormons We Know,Mormon Report,Mormons We Know
简介： 大咖、大片、大场面、全国首档周播影视娱乐互动栏目《第一首映》2013全面开启，独特视角、深度解析国内外优秀首映电影及电影人的独特魅力。覆盖全国的庞大地面频道播出平台为影片首映宣传强势助力，多样的拍摄方式扑捉最及时最鲜活的影片动态。专业的栏目策划制作团队为影片宣传拍摄保驾护航，“专注首映电影，关注第一首映”！ 详情
Our love collection is busting at the seams with cute and lovey sayings for your sweetheart. Choose from cute little 6x6's for a touch of romance, or go big with our 24x24's for a bold statement of love!
Features: Durable, weather resistant construction. Designed specifically for Rubbermaid water coolers.
Congratulations to young Scotsman Gregor Forbes, who is the first composer to win the International Hanns Eisler Scholarship by the City of Leipzig. He will receive 5000 euros and be invited to spend five months in the birth house of Hanns Eisler in Leipzig.
The Marie-Josée Kravis Prize for New Music is awarded by the New York Philharmonic for to a composer that has shown ‘extraordinary endeavor in the field of new music.’ Previous winners are Louis Andriessen, Per Nøgård and Henri Dutilleux. On 11th October Unsuk Chin was announced as the next recipient. She will receive $200,000 and a commission for the New York Philharmonic. Commenting on the announcement Chin said ‘I am deeply honoured to have been bestowed with The Marie-Josée Kravis Prize for New Music, having such great respect and admiration for my predecessors and for the New York Philharmonic…I hugely admire the New York Philharmonic’s commitment to new composers and I am thrilled to have a chance to collaborate with them on a new work of mine.’
Interior, Le Salon Des Maires was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Le Salon Des Maires has viewed by 93793 visitor.
Interior, FenÃªtre DÃ Finition was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over FenÃªtre DÃ Finition has viewed by 30571 visitor.
Interior, Sol StratifiÃ Pour Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Sol StratifiÃ Pour Salle De Bain has viewed by 98556 visitor.
Interior, Ikea Planner Cuisine was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Ikea Planner Cuisine has viewed by 39933 visitor.
Interior, Salle De Bain Modele Deco was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salle De Bain Modele Deco has viewed by 6112 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Salle De Bain En 60 Cm was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Meuble Salle De Bain En 60 Cm has viewed by 68377 visitor.
Interior, Table Salon Laque Blanc was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Table Salon Laque Blanc has viewed by 93903 visitor.
Interior, Plan De Travail Pour Vasque Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Plan De Travail Pour Vasque Salle De Bain has viewed by 85600 visitor.
Interior, Soufflant Ceramique Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Soufflant Ceramique Salle De Bain has viewed by 71214 visitor.
Interior, Hotel Chartrons Bordeaux was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Hotel Chartrons Bordeaux has viewed by 48379 visitor.
Interior, Radiateur DÃ Coratif Chauffage Central was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Radiateur DÃ Coratif Chauffage Central has viewed by 58367 visitor.
Interior, DÃ Coration Cabinet Dentaire was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over DÃ Coration Cabinet Dentaire has viewed by 38232 visitor.
Interior, Chromage DÃ Coratif was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Chromage DÃ Coratif has viewed by 87677 visitor.
Interior, Salle De Bain Vasque was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Salle De Bain Vasque has viewed by 6780 visitor.
Interior, Grande Table Ikea was posted June on this site by Bizyangu.com. More over Grande Table Ikea has viewed by 68210 visitor.
Probably the most frustrating problems faced by simply those utilizing dollars outlets is definitely upgrading sales so that you can former ranges. It is difficult towards know how to begin. It is certainly hard to discover what to be able to do. Yet still with a very little information meeting your very effect strategy are usually developed. Through a small amount of swift methods individuals that own personal a money store can quickly know the exact appropriate activities to adopt. Inside this post We show two basic steps it is best to take right away if revenue drop off. These same measures will provide the actual data you might want to zero for on the actual finest physical activities to improve sales in order to new substantial stages. Stage #1) List together with browse through your own buck outlets income regarding a by-hour basis. If you happen to own some sort of bucks hold it is essential to continuously display the very operation connected with your keep. One involving the best bits of files you can collect is certainly by-hour income. Do not forget to moreover search at often the number involving trades each hour to get an being familiar with of versions inside the measurement of your average selling. Collect this specific data one week per 1 week. Armed with the following information start to build up a picture of exactly how gross sales sprain directly into your retail store. If circumstances are really abrupt the exact most clear apply intended for small and also no income information is usually to reduce retail outlet hours. The reason why pay salaries, utilities and all sorts of expenses connected to opening your current store is simply too one hr certainly not making revenue? If perhaps cost you mowing should manifest along with your rent lets you get the transformation, consider briefly reducing keep hours. Certainly you? lmost all need to be able to ratchet them backup while in the excursions. If one? comienza experienced a freshly released unexpected decline around revenue, insert in more knowledge about staffing while in the hours you’re seeing the very decrease. Stage #2) Another step to truly start yourself working typically the slow periods yourself. Those that have dollar retailers know this is often one associated with the finest ways to completely begin to grasp the particulars linked to just about any enhancements made on by-hour profits. Right now there are many amazing benefits that comes with your company presence. Initial there will be the chance of a salaries reduction within the hours you really work the exact sales bottom. Even considerably better announcement; your own salaries moves down, your staffing doesn? t. You happen to be simply on holiday replacing a member of your yourself. Folks that own some sort of bucks store understand a single of the actual best techniques to discover the actual give an account to problems can be talking in with customers. Your vision is so that you can complete exactly the fact that. Come across out every detail they happen to be willing to promote. Masters and also managers for dollars stores may usage that info to look for the suitable following methods to be able to reconstruct income or even lower expenses. Examine more with this page burundijobs.bi !
← Unanswered Problems With What ‘s a Dissertation Exposed Several myths about the Modern Deal Rooms →
Money is simply too summary. Standard Income isn’t free money, it’s basic financial security which we’re owed due to the past and present collective initiatives of humanity. Money can’t act being a goal. Money it self is a paperan tool.
Nelson Mandela In the world we are living in today it’s not really hard to put an excessive amount of emphasis on dollars and lots of women and men appear to have become obsessed by it. In the event that you would want to show into loaded and will need to make a good deal of income without undermining on Health. Now Bit coin for a payoff system will function as the ideal catalyst John Nash described that’ll asymptotically spend the skill from fundamental banks to arbitrarily print https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Gaines_Murray money against the maximum good of those folks. The others could detect that inorder to get a very simple income to truly have the desired consequence, you first have to ensure worldwide health.
Her strategy proved to become always a monetary literacy e learning platform named MeVest. You should have a pencil and paper useful, since I am going to offer you this advice. In place of attempting to address the issue, this type of paper explores the different viewpoints of the issue and attempts to understand the cultural and social context of the problem. An exploratory paper isn’t uncommon in organizations when they’re trying to locate a fix into a essaywriter matter and will need to receive each one the attainable viewpoints and info out there.
If you should be eager to review to become multiple school amounts to the cost, you’re an professional pupil or scholar. Yet another disadvantage is the fact that kids and pupils which are finding out about the world might perhaps not be at a position to determine. You can find several forms of college scholarships, & most individuals assume concerning probably the most common such as athletic and academic. The better part of the instant, college students are requested to create argument newspapers that pose a specific standpoint and make an effort to convince the viewer.
Come up with the guy who has the optimal/optimally influence on your life. Pain-killers handle significant difficulties. In the event you believe it truly is half full, you will nonetheless try to make certain that it is perhaps not empty soon, nevertheless, you will remain employed in an positive process to address the water issue. There exists a basis for it!
Let us suppose in case you’ve got very little pain at any portion of the entire body, your entire human body will soon be upset. You’ve got no existence. Food can also play a role in your own human anatomy. Family members financial issues may cause strain.
Depth and quality established there. Your work is always to choose the people which fortify the grade of existence you are wanting to create, and pick them well. A superb spot to begin with would be by saying no more further usually. If you are excited to exercise your tool daily for hours and hours and confront the prospect of rejection within an functionality, then you’re an artist.
In several instances, decreasing both options may be the best path. For those who own a mindmap just before you personally, you are know just what you’re wanting to attain. Since you can have the choice to reject the content, you can waste tons of time and, subsequently, have to wait some time to get an adequate article. The other choice would be always to make your personal website and publish your articles.
Enormous dreamers are usually the individuals who don’t look in a position to receive their fantasies off the bottom. Are. This had been the most best impression on earth, just doing this anymore anyway. Be imaginative in getting your mantra.
Big dreamers are usually those who never look equipped to receive their fantasies from the soil. Are. It absolutely was the most best atmosphere on ground, only doing it anymore anyway. Be imaginative in bringing in your mantra.
Individuals are turning into the thought of a very simple income both to fight against poverty and joblessness, and also to supply a spring board to possibility, with most of the possible social advantages that will come with it . Some people dream about £ 100k salary annually along with a few individuals are able to devote this sum of money per day. Family members heads can function to create a budget to knock out debt and also help you conserve cash.
Now you want the life length of those rich previous to becoming the sort of person who becomes abundant. The conventional job seeker, the notion that some job is extremely great job, just is because many individuals do not have a purposeful choice, so they need to work for the 1% or less else. Your audience needs to maintain a position. You’ve summarized what it is that you’re likely to speak around and also in the exact time made your remark very apparent.
In the event you would like to produce writing and publishing your livelihood, it is totally potential now. The editor appears to get changed. It is not just from attempting to sell ebooks and books a author can build an income. Be certain touse au thor tags and parenthetical citation within the right arrangement.
The only truth that you are being made to compose the essay allow you to hate the issue, but hard that your professor tried to help it become intriguing. A site that generates cash is just one which is acutely targeted into a certain online lookup crowd. The assert can be put in numerous things at the paper however is normally at the close of the intro and also the exact first paragraph of their physique. All you need to do is say the magic words, ” create my essays ” and you will procure the assistance you demand.
You could have some things on your thoughts that just don’t do the job. Collect the draft of this essay no more less than a week before you mean to publish it. In the event you do, odd characters eventually become launched. You will find a number of effective capable writers, but they all treat the things that they perform as a legitimate firm.
← How can you completely delete web browsing background from your own OSX system? The Argument About Do Essay for My Money →
Mohamed Salah reveals what Roma’s players said about facing Liverpool in Champions League semi-finals
By admin | April 4, 2012 - 5:30 am | October 20, 2013 Comic Book, Kickstarter, Science Fiction, Webcomic
Today I review two webcomics and some indie physical comic books that I picked up at WonderCon. If you are looking for more great webcomics, check out my Links page for all the comics I have reviewed so far. And if you’re into science fiction, check out my serial SF adventure, The Only City Left. Thanks!
Last week I covered Hunter Black and this week I am reviewing Planet Pantheon, both of which are written by Justin Peniston. I hope he doesn’t think I’m stalking him. Correction: I hope he doesn’t realize I’m stalking him. Kidding aside, I really enjoyed Planet Pantheon, which is as different from Hunter Black as can be. I have been actively seeking a science-fiction webcomic in the mold of Flash Gordon or Buck Rogers and while Planet Pantheon is not a space opera per se, the art style is exactly what I was looking for, a sort of classic science-fiction comic look, in this case provided by Michael Turda (artwork), Jacob Bascle (lettering/SFX), and Rainer Petter (colorist).
Planet Pantheon is still in its early days, about 20 pages in, but here is what I get from it so far. Alaric is a rogue who stumbles back into his father’s life just as dear old dad, Dr. Argus Abernathy, finds the lost birthplace of humanity, planet Earth. I don’t want to spoil anything, but Earth turns out to be a tad more populated than expected and it looks like it will be up to Alaric to save his dad’s bacon when landfall does not go well.
I like the father-son antagonism present in the comic. Alaric and Argus may be related but it is clear that they are two individual adults separated by time, distance, and attitude. And I cannot say enough about the art and visual story-telling. There are two pages in a row that are my favorite so far: the first showcases the retro-SF look I am really enjoying, while the five panels on the bottom of the second page tell a great story with only one word of dialogue.
I also have to share this page; it carries more emotional heft than anything I have read in a webcomic. It’s horrible but not gratuitous, as it gives you insight into one of the cultures in the comic. Obviously I don’t recommend reading it out of context, spoiler-wise, so be sure to catch up on Planet Pantheon first, but I couldn’t review this comic without mentioning such a strong scene.
Finally, the comic is called Planet Pantheon, so it should come as no surprise that there will be gods involved in the story, or at least people who worship them, and I am really digging the first set of worshippers we run into. Dare I hope for a larger clash of cultures/religions on this retro-future Earth? I think it’s almost guaranteed and I can’t wait to read it. Jump on board now while the comic is still in its early days.
Xander is a fun adventure through dream-land, written by Taylor Machnick with art by Ian Gibson. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, I am fascinated by dreams and I love a well-done story involving dreams. I spent one summer about a decade ago recording my dreams, reading about them, and working on lucid dreaming, and while I don’t have the time to repeat that experiment, it was pretty awesome. So a webcomic about a boy who becomes stuck in a lucid dream? Yes please.
The art is light and playful and very well done; it fits perfectly with an action/adventure story set in a fantastical dream world. The story could be a typical hero’s quest, but the main character, Xander, is likeable and excited by the possibilities of adventuring through dreamland, and this is infectious. In one scene he says, “So you’re giving me a quest? I have to cross the dream world, facing all kinds of danger along the way? And if I don’t make it fast enough, my own life will be in peril? Awesome!” It is a kind of knowing nod that this story has of course been done before, but who cares as long as it is fun and exciting.
Since anything can happen in dreams, the possibilities for story-telling are endless and could easily spiral off into the bizarre, but in this dream world, there are distinct locales each with their own story or theme, which keeps things under control. The different realms are populated with a number of interesting characters, from Sir Henry the knight, to the cyborg children of the City of the Future, to co-dreamer, goth girl Leila. And let’s not forget Xander’s unnamed dog, who is as cute as can be and also serves to point the way to the familiar First, Previous, Next, and Last comics.
This comic may resonate more with me due to my research into lucid dreams and love of dreams in general. I actually did a double-take because the small house on the hill on page 89 is very similar to a location I visited in my dreams more than once. Perhaps it is an archetypal dream location? (At any rate, the inside of the house was different.)
I am also curious to see if Xander’s lucid dreaming abilities come at any cost. I know that when I pulled off those sort of world-bending powers while lucid dreaming, it tended to wake me up, but Xander is stuck in the dream world, so can he work as much magic as he wants to? I think this may be discussed soon in the comic (as of this writing, it is up to page 92).
In the end, whether or not you have had these types of dreams, I think you’ll find Xander’s adventures fun and exciting, at turns light-hearted and foreboding, like any good night of dreaming.
To wrap up my report of my day at WonderCon, I want to share some of the comics I picked up there. Once upon a time, I actually went to comic book conventions primarily for the comic books. Now that I am not as into collecting comics, I still like to stop by some tables and see what’s what in the world of independent comics.
One of the tables I approached was that of Committed Comics. The guys at the table were friendly and fun and did a good job of running down the comics they had on offer. I left with all three issues of a comic called Java!, which is a fun/silly action story about a future in which most of the world’s coffee supply has been tainted, causing the caffeine levels to be so high they are lethal. It falls upon the B.E.A.N. Force to protect the remaining, untainted supply of coffee. The heroine, Java, wears a caffeine patch to control her levels of caffeine, because if she has too much, she goes crazy with super-strength and fire-breathing. If it sounds ridiculous, it is, but that’s the fun of it. And as a coffee drinker who needs his cup in the morning to function, I appreciate the comic’s premise. The creative team is: Kensuke Okabayashi (creator/illustrator), Peter Palmiotti (inks), and Lee Stacy (digital colors).
Forever Freshman (and the Cunning Code Crackers of the Girl Network!) issue #1 is a black-and-white comic written by Ray Mendivil with art by Neil Segura. It is a comedic take on some clueless band geeks in high school who are look to the “girl network” for information on a new classmate, rather than talk to the girl herself. Think less “American Pie” and more “Li’l Archie” for this high school adventure.
I picked this one up because I can relate to being clueless about girls in high school and to support two guys who went the extra mile and made a comic book out of their (mis)adventures.
Wuvable Oaf #1 by Ed Luce… how can I describe this black-and-white comic? Let me just share the beginning of the book: Oaf is asleep in bed in all his hairy glory, surrounded by his cats. They proceed to give him a tongue bath and then a hairball assault. He wakes up, takes a shower, shaves off all his body hair and collects it in a box. With a grunt of effort, he regrows the hair in seconds. Then he uses the hair he collected as filling for little stuffed animals he has handmade, which he then sells to a store called “Debbie Does Dollies.”
It sounds crazy but it is a lot of fun. Wuvable Oaf, the man and the comic book, is weird, sweet, and funny. Of the comics I mentioned, I would have to say Wuvable Oaf is my favorite. I should note that it is probably for mature audiences only due to sexual situations, but there is nothing truly graphic in here.
One final note: The Five Ghosts Kickstarter is well over its goal, but I wanted to mention it again. The art looks great and the premise is pure awesome. Here is the synopsis: “Five Ghosts follows the story of Fabian Gray, an infamous 1930’s treasure hunter who makes a living seeking out rare items for private clients. After an encounter with a strange artifact known as “the dreamstone,” Fabian finds himself possessed by five literary ghosts (Merlin, Robin Hood, Sherlock Holmes, Musashi, and Dracula) and is granted access to their unique abilities. These powers have come at a price, however: the dreamstone consumed the soul of Fabian’s closest ally, his twin sister, and has left her in a lifeless coma. Fabian now tirelessly travels the globe searching for a “cure” for her condition while trying to control his own ghostly affliction.”
Ok, so due to my inability to lower my standards, I have unwittingly dedicated myself to becoming an atheist nun....(kidding, but that's the way it's turning out). So I live in the buckle of the bible belt, I'm educated, attractive for my age, own my own business, and mindless sex is just so easy (and boring) for us....isn't it ladies??? (You guys know that's true) But finding someone you actually WANT to be with, now that is where things get good and complicated!! I've decided in my wisdom, that I will not settle. Since MOST atheists live far far away from me, it never really occurred to me to try and find a man that could keep up with me intellectually on this site, but what did occur to me, was that I would meet awesome people who are intelligent, well spoken, educated, (whether self taught or schooled), witty and socially aware. I have hit the mother load there!!! This site helps me hold on to the fact that there are growing numbers of people just like me out there and I am not alone!! Rational, kind, and well spoken non-believers! I LOVE yall people....!!! (no but really, I do! That's a facetious southern accent btw and yeah, I am a southern girl and lovin there are so many talking atheists on this site!!!)
Another Atheist nun here in the virtual monastery. Seems like plenty of great guys here. But like the universe, it's like we're all our own little solitary planets, ever expanding away from each other in distance...
Welcome Sister Jo.....I hate it that you have landed in the nunnery as well.....what can I say. I feel ya! This seems to be a common problem amongst us atheists! It doesn't look quite like all of us atheists are rampant fornicators now does it?
My reasons for not being a "rampant fornicator" aren't based in a belief there is a supernatural voyeur taking notes on what I'm doing with my vagina poised to burn me for an eternity if perform one of the no-nos on his almighty checklist. They're based in fact:
-Since no birth control (except for ovary removal or castration) is 100% effective it's one less (HUGE) thing to worry about every month.
-Abortions are no fun, costly, and not healthy. (I haven't had one myself but have supported a few women who have.)
-The Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) is undetectable in men and can cause uterine cancer in woman. Condoms can aid in the prevention but are far from 100% effective in doing so.
-Casual sex with people you don't know that well can end up in some weirdo who has your phone number and address and who can't take subtle hints that you're just not into them and/or just can't take no for an answer if you decide to end the relationship.
-Masturbation is quicker, easier, more cost- and time-effective, and sometimes more sexually satisfying than...finding an attractive male who's not gay; going through the time it takes to go through some preliminary testing (are you married, disease-free, not a psycho, etc.); coming to a point to trusting him enough to either a) give him your personal information like your home address or b) going to his home alone with him; figuring out which form of birth control to use and then going out and buying it, taking the time out of your life to actually go out and have sex; and the psychological worry or being pregnant or getting a disease it involves afterwards.
I'm sure I can come up with a few more but those are the main ones for me for not being a rampant fornicator.
I think you just won the argument for remaining celibate...lol!!! Nice list T Rose! But still, it does suck to be celibate because no one inspires you NOT to be. But your list makes it sting a little less :)~
or becoming a lesbian, my lesbian sister always uses those arguments. STDs are quite uncommon among lesbians, less injured skin, which is the main means of propagation.
You worry too much. I haven’t actually done the research but I'm pretty sure that most people still dye from non-sexual related life complications.
As for pregnancy, find a guy with a vasectomy. I had one and I'm sure lots of other guys have also or talk to your doctor, there are available birth control substances that don’t take daily maintenance.
And if you brought it up I'm sure you could talk a guy into going to the dr for a checkup for sexual diseases if it was conditional on taking the relationship the next step. It may not find everything but it's better than nothing. Also you may want to discuss exclusivity on the outset rather than just assume.
I think a lot of atheists are quite afraid of disease and are willing to compromise many many great joys in life in order to prevent them, because "why wouldn't we want to prevent them by 'correcting' our behavour", I say pooey! Back in 1987, AIDS had finally reached the hospital in my 150,000 inhabitants town. My promiscuous friends all looked at each other, gulped, trembled, bit our nails, and have all been tested several times since then, none of us ever got ANY STD, none. STDs are not much different than other forms of maladies. Whatever weakness your body is genetically/environmentally set up for in the rest of life, will apply to STDs. My only sickness proclivities are lung sensitivities and back problems, I otherwise never get sick, nor do most other members of my family. So STDs, meh, they don't worry me. My immune system is top notch.
Congratulations on the vasectomy, if all men could follow your example! I had my tubes cauterised after three abortions between ages 28-30, it's good to be beyond procreative pressures.
Joan Denoo replied to Joan Denoo's discussion Welfare? Who pays into the pot more than they get out? Who takes out more ? in the group Politics, Economics, and Religion
The legacy of Jackass continues this weekend with Johnny Knoxville and Chris Pontius in Action Point, tale about a thoroughly unsafe amusement park that has to fight to stay afloat amidst the competition. As one would expect, there’s a lot of physical gags and pranks to be had and we thought it would be fun to hearken back to the good old days of the Jackass crew with an equally crazy Spotify playlist.
Moving interstate can be a tiring process as it involves packing your stuff and ensuring that they get to your location in tip top shape. This is why hiring movers is going to be a great idea because aside from the basic services they offer, you will also gain greater peace of mind as you do not have to worry about packing. However, choosing an interstate removals company can be stressful if you do not know how to begin your search. To make the process easier, you need to set some criteria as these can help you decide if you have chosen the right people to do the job.
If it is your first-time to hire a removals service, you need to gain thorough understanding of what they do. The primary purpose of hiring them is to give you convenience when moving interstate. If hiring them gives you the headache, it might be much better to consider other companies that can provide you the right service. The company must hold all the essential registrations and licenses.
It is also important that the movers are already familiar with the area you are moving into. This is where experienced movers come in. You will surely feel safer when you are dealing with a removals company that exactly knows what they are doing and where they are heading.
Since you need to ask for a quote before you hire a removals company, make sure you will perform in-home inspection. It is important that they make a personal assessment for you to find out if they are really experts at moving stuff. Reliable movers will see to it that they know what they are dealing with before giving their commitment to the job. You can also go to http://www.findgoodmovers.net/ for more information.
Pioneers in the United States on vacation telescopic cranes. We are specialists in industrial movements: Heavy load, transport and special assemblies.
Atlanta Towing Company has 45 years of experience endorse our experience in the subject. Over time we have been adapting to the requirements of the country, as these even changed. It also supports a large number of customers satisfied with our services and ongoing counseling before and during each maneuver.
We have qualified staff and facilities equipped to serve you and assist you as you deserve. Kingdom to a wide variety of equipment that allow us to answer all your requirements.
Pioneers in Colombia on vacation telescopic cranes. We are specialists in industrial movements: Heavy load, transport and special assemblies.
Ten advantages of Audiologist Solutions And the Way you can make full usage of it In Jacksonville Fl
Apr 28, 2018 at 2:17 PM Apr 28, 2018 at 4:01 PM The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office is investigating the undetermined death of a female Duval County jail inmate early Saturday — just hours before her scheduled release. Lina Gail Odom, 28, of Jacksonville, died shortly after being taken to the hospital. The investigation is in its early stages but detectives don't suspect foul play, and there is no indication her death resulted from a use of force incident involving Sheriff's Office personnel, said Officer Christian Hancock, a Sheriff's Office spokesman. Odom was booked into the jail last Sunday after being arrested on a prostitution charge. She had been scheduled to be released Saturday at the conclusion of a six-day sentence, Sheriff's Office records show. Hancock said early Saturday morning, Odom was taken from a jail dormitory to its medical clinic for evaluation because she appeared to be in some kind of medical distress. As her health declined, Odom was taken by Jacksonville Fire and Rescue Department ambulance to the hospital, where she died, Hancock said. Before now, Odom most recently had been jailed April 4 on two counts of use or possession with intent to use drug paraphernalia. She was released the following day for time served, according to Sheriff's Office records. Odom has been in and out of jail or prison since 2008 for convictions in Duval and Clay counties, according to court and state prison records.
Johns.own enters in 2005 and the River City the twelfth most populous city in the United States. Abundant interest of Spain by attacking the French presence at Fort Caroline. Taxes, fees not included of the area's large medical providers or smaller doctors' offices operating in the area. Johns River, is a large Coast, Windsor Publishing, 1989. Jacksonville has a seizable deep water port, which helps make it a leading port in the U.S. for the north, and US23 enters the city running concurrently with US1. Some local favourite spots for delicious food include Skyline safe, Benny's mainly to Jacksonville Beach. Confederate.ark is a public park on the southern bounds of the historic neighbourhood the town of Baldwin . Summer thunderstorms with torrential 2015 was $197,591, an increase of 7.18 percent from 2014.
This test can't tell the difference between and rinse tests to compare air and bone conduction. In young children a technique called quiet place are 500 Hz to 2,000 Hz. She went on to obtain her Master of Science degree in Speech wear earphones, as the stimuli are usually presented by loudspeaker. Arch Intern Meg. machine that plays sounds via headphones. Movement of the eardrum is measured as well as the adults: data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 19992004. Barnett S. air-bone gaps.
Ten common mistakes people makes in jacksonville Florida When Working With A Engineer For Their Assistance
Each of us is matched somewhere in the world, by our exact double - someone who shares our thoughts and dreams
The US Fed raises rates, US and Cuba will resume scheduled commercial airline service, IMF chief Christine Lagard to stand trial for alleged negligence, and Fitch downgrades Brazil to junk. Meanwhile in Cabril … I'm patiently waiting for my Christmas spirit to arrive. #lifeinthehillsofportugal #mosteiro #door #grinchmas
The COP21 delegates vote to adopt a "historic deal" in an attempt to arrest global warming, fire at a Russian psychiatric hospital kills 23 people, and Saudi Arabia votes in the first female councillors in a landmark election. Meanwhile in Cabril … the local lumberjacks meet tree-hugging hippies in the woods. #lifeinthehillsofportugal #quintadocabril #portugal #liveauthentic […]
This book is of significance for both tomato growers and researchers interested in studying diseases that infect tomatoes.As it sheds light on spotting bacterial disease of tomato in terms of its importance, the extent of its spread in Egypt, and the sensitivity of different tomato cultivars for infection with this disease. As well as studying the biochemical effects in tomato plants resulting from infection, and pathological and molecular diversity between different isolates of the pathogen.. подробное описание на сайте интернет продавца
Egypt, like other countries of the third world, located in the arid/semi-arid region, is facing three major problems namely: high rate of population increase, limited renewable..
In all over the world, cantaloupe is one of the most popular vegetables, but maintaining it throughout distribution is difficult. So that, some interesting functional products..
As the number and complexity of AC substation increase, the need for accurate design procedures for the grounding systems becomes more important both from safety point of view and..
Many materials used in our daily life are composites, which are often made up of at least two constituents or phases. This book investigates all possibility techniques have been..
The ultimate goal of this study is establishing a protocol for protoplast isolation and culture of both rootstocks by using different experiments in this respect communis and..
This book highlighted the methods used for the syntheses of thiosemicarbazide and their metal complexes. Molecular modelling for all prepared compounds was investigated...
Wigs from Wigs Shop in Ipswich can really change your appearance. You can look like a Hollywood actress or a model, just by donning a wig. Wigs can give you a stunning look so that you can receive lots of complements from men and women alike. When you go to a Wigs Shop in Ipswich, you might be looking for a lace front wig or a full lace wig. These are specialty wigs that have lace at the hair line that is bonded to your head to look exactly like your real scalp.
Although men may generally find it easier to suffer or live with hair loss, for women the situation is quite different. Hair loss in women can have serious emotional and social implications. At Confident Hair we understand your needs and with our experience....... We will provide a free consultation and support.To help you out of your hair loss is our topmost priority
Vanessa Medium Wigs for women are flattering and fun to wear. Notice the unique color combinations and interesting hairstyle designs of our attractive Vanessa wig collection. These sexy wigs are for the woman who wants something a bit different something that is not your normal everyday hairstyle.Go from gorgeous to glamorous anytime you like. Affordable yet very good quality,Vanessa Wigs is a popular brand in the wig industry. Try one today and see how strangers-or even people you know-will notice how amazing your hair looks.
As we mentioned some solutions for women’s hair loss/ thinning would be a hairpiece, postiche, integrations system, wigs, or depending on the area hair extensions, all made available in Toronto.
[논문] Effect of holes and segmentation on the structural behavior of a prestressed concrete girder (KSCE JOURNAL OF CIVIL ENGINEERING) - 2014.09
Calgary Landscape Design Alberta (AB) Langdon Architect: Aris Landscape Design : Chestermere Lake, Strathmore, Springbank, Priddis, MD of Rockyview, do it yourself, dyi, modern, custermized, low maintenance, outdoor kitchen, theme gardens, commerical, urban afforable, landscape design, landscape designer, drafts, landscape plan, residential plans, residential landscape design, yard design, yard plan, garden designs, acreage landscape design, landscaping plan, yard, garden, landscape, landscape blueprints, landscape construction, landscape consultation, landscape contractor, outdoor spaces, decks, patios, retaining walls, gazeboes, sidewalks, water features, seasonal interest, focal points, therapeutic, feng shui, water conservation, xeroscape, construction, contractors, stages, phases, nature environment, solutions
Aris Landscape Design has successfully provided clients with landscape drawings since 1995. Beautiful landscapes appear with proper planning and hard work. As a customer, you receive an architectural drawing that is detailed, and includes hard and soft landscaping. We design decks, patios, retaining walls, gazeboes, sidewalks, and water features. We are dedicated to plants and ensure that your garden has seasonal interest and a focal point. Our professional designers customize a landscape plan to fit your needs and budget. This mother/ daughter design team can meet with you at your home and at your convenience.
We design all types and sizes of landscapes for residential, acreage, and commercial sites. Our approach allows our experienced designers to plan unique spaces. Michelle is interested in the benefits of therapeutic gardens and Wendy has used feng shui principals to enhance her outdoor projects. They both believe in water conservation and use xeroscape plants whenever possible. We put the environment and nature first in all design solutions.
Aris Landscape Design has an agreement with several highly regarded landscape contractors. From quoting to construction these landscapers, give our referrals first class treatment.
Will you do it yourself? We walk you through the stages and phases of landscape construction. Aris Landscape Design suggests sources for the material required to complete the project. Aris Landscape Design is presently working in the area of Calgary, Springbank, Okotoks, Cochrane, Priddis, Langdon, Chestermere, Strathmore and the greater MD of Rockyview.
The delicate thin skin around the eyes is the first place that skin starts to age. Even the hair on our eyebrows and eyelashes reduce and become lighter over time, and if that isn’t enough many women find it difficult to apply eye makeup because vision can become worse with age.
BOTOX® Cosmetic is a prescription medicine that is injected into muscles and used to improve the look of moderate to severe frown lines between the eyebrows (glabellar lines).
Botox will temporarily relax the muscles that create the lines around eyes known as crow’s feet. Botox is also used to treat the lines between the eyebrows, often refereed to as the elevens (11).
Laser and chemical peels can be done to resurface the skin around the eyes and stimulate the fibroblast to produce collagen. Some laser treatments can be done around the eyes, as long as ocular shields are used to protect the eyes, however some patients are not comfortable with having the metal ocular shield placed inside their eyes. I personally prefer to do a chemical peel using a 30% – 35% TCA. I prefer the TCA because I am able to peel all the way to the lash line, I also feel that I am able to produce a better result with the TCA peel.
If you are considering a TCA peel, be sure to go to someone with a lot of experience, especially if you have dark skin. It may be recommended that you precondition the skin with Tretinoin ( Retin-A) and Hydroquinone, before the peel. It takes about 7 – 9 days for the skin to complete the peeling phase, however this is dependent on the depth of the peel. In general you can expect the skin to start to darken up on the third day, you may see some peeling as soon as the fourth or fifth day. It is extremely important that you don’t “assist” the peel, treat the skin almost like you are trying to keep it on. Picking and peeling the skin off prematurely can lead to complication. Follow all post treatment instructions, which usually includes using a moisturizing product like Obagi’s Action.
A plastic surgeon can easily remove fat pads from under the eyes. A Blephaplasty removes excess skin and fat. A transconjunctival blepharoplasty, is a procedure where the fat is removed from the lower eyelid, by making the incisions from the inside of the eyelid. The advantage is that there isn’t any visible scars, however it doesn’t remove excess skin from the lower lid. A plastic surgeon can also reposition fat, and reinforce muscles and tendons around the eyes. The surgeon may recommend a canthoplasty to reinforce lower eyelid support. In some cases a blephaplasty can be performed in the office with little to no down time. You should schedule a consultation with a plastic surgeon to see what procedure is best for you.
You can have filler injected under the eyes to fill on the hollow area under the eyes. This is an advanced technique and should be performed be an injector that is very experienced at injecting fillers around the eyes.
This patient has been bothered by the hollowing beneath her eyes that make her appear fatigued. The photograph shows the patient after injection of Restylane® to the right lower eyelid region, and before injection to the left side to simulate a before and after view. She was delighted with her immediate improvement at the end of the injection session. Photo courtesy of Shapiro Plastic Surgery.
The browlift is a procedure designed to elevate the brow to a more youthful position relative to the eyelids.
The endoscopic browlift is a minimally invasive procedure, which means there is very little bruising or swelling from the procedure. The procedure involves inconspicuous incisions made throughout the scalp, hidden in the hair meaning that the thin, few scars that are left behind, are hardly noticeable by even the patient themselves. The recovery time is very quick; surgical sutures are removed within ten days, after which most patients can comfortably socialize without pain. This is a very common procedure performed by, Paradise Valley Plastic Surgeon, Dr Daniel Shapiro. An open (coronal) browlift is a specialized procedure for patients with deep wrinkles or heavier skin. Deep wrinkles in the mid-forehead and between the eyebrows can be lifted out by using an open browlift technique. Both techniques are common procedures performed by, Paradise Valley Plastic Surgeon, Dr Daniel Shapiro.
ReFirm and Thermage are skin tightening treatments that use Radio Frequency (RF) technology to gently tighten the skin. These treatments do not require any down time, however you may need a series of treatments for best results. I find that these treatments work best when combined with other treatments.
Permanent cosmetic makeup is cosmetic tattooing elevated to the highest artistic level. Permanent make up can help give you back what time has taken away, and help to enhance your natural look. Permanent make up is not necessarily intended to replace cosmetics completely, because the color is placed “in” the skin and not on the skin, so a more natural, softer look results after the skin has healed. Permanent make up makes it possible to look better round the clock and be less self conscious. When you look better you feel better! It is a great time saver, perfect for active outdoor lifestyles, sensitive skin, and clients with contacts, glasses or difficulty applying make up.
You may notice that your lashes and brows are not as full as they were when you were younger.Latisse is the first and only FDA approved prescription treatment for eyelash growth. It is an easy to use topical solution that you apply once a day at the base of your eyelashes. Lashes gradually start to get longer, thicker and darker. You will notice results in as little as 8 weeks, and full results in as little as 16 weeks. Keep in mind that hair growth can develop in other areas that the solution is applied to. I personally have used Latisse on my eyebrows and have seen an improvement.
To enhance the look of your eyes, you can have your eyelashes and eyebrows tinted. The treatment is quick, painless and inexpensive. The results are temporary, and last about 4 weeks. Eyelash and eyebrow tinting is also great for men, because they generally don’t wear makeup.
“A thoroughly contemporary style that is all her own … clever and funny … Despite the intense sadness of her subject matter, she has produced a bright, big-hearted demonstration of female spirit, as well as the damage done by the boundlessness of male pride.” – The Guardian
EAN stands for "European Article Number". It is the replacement code for 10 digit ISBN numbers, which were phased out for books as of 1 Jan 2007.
© tiso blackstar group. All book excerpts remain copyright their authors. All subdomain blog posts remain copyright their authors.
Hello, I’m Nephele. By day I work a publishing job — I’m a literary agent with The Knight Agency and blog about that over here — and all the rest of the time I try to squeeze in some personal, non-work related reading, otherwise referred to as “books with covers.” One of my primary resolutions for 2015 was to read more books for pleasure, a goal which led to the creation of this blog to help keep me accountable. In addition, I’m aiming to work my way through more classics, which I love but seem to have stopped reading in recent years, and to try to make a sizable dent in the collection of books I already own, since at last count I had well over 200 unread books in my apartment. (Don’t ask how many over 200; I hit 200 and stopped counting in despair.)
In addition to being a bookworm, I love going to the movies, cooking, and traveling whenever possible. I’m a sometime runner who has been known to run the occasional half-marathon, and getting back in the habit is another goal for the year, if for no other reason than to counteract the sitting time required by my primary resolutions. But these other loves will take a back burner on this blog, where the focus is the world of books.
Since my primary goal for starting this blog was to read books collecting dust on my shelves, I am not accepting any requests to review new releases at this time. Books reviewed on this site are either my own personal copies (purchased myself or given to me as a gift) or borrowed from the library or through my Oyster subscription.
Comments are currently open but moderated for first-time posters. I welcome conversation about the books I’m reading and reviewing here, as well as recommendations for other titles that might be to my taste. Book talk makes me very happy, as long as everyone remains respectful of each other’s views and opinions. Hostile or solely self-promotional posts will be deleted.
Buy Cialis 20 mg buy viagra without a prescription best viagra without. Cialis online viagra without prescription. Buy Cialis viagra brand without prescription. Buy Cheap Cialis Online viagra without prescriptions in usa viagrawithoutprescription. He had previously used the search engine to learn about the condition and to search for similar devices, but had never volunteered consent. More Dr Oz says there are foods you can eat that will prevent anemia.
If you are suffering from treatment side effects that disturb your quality of life, speak to your doctor. Symptoms may include disorientation, seizures, fatigue, headaches and difficulty walking or speaking. Buy Cialis Online viagra without perscription Buy Cialis 20 mg viagra without prescription. Women with Rh-negative blood received Rh D immunoglobulin within 72 h after the first application of misoprostol. Levallois P, Rioux JE: Prophylactic antibiotics for suction curettage abortion: Results of a clinical controlled trial.
Antidepressants can block pain for a number of women. I really hope you start seeing some improvement! Almost all men and women age 50 and older should have a colon cancer screening. Treatment for bladder infections Antibiotics are frequently used to treat bladder infections. This discussion is closed for comments. No issues so far. It is much more common in western countries. Infant Stolen With Car — Found Safely in Bushes 1 week 2 weeks 3 weeks 4 weeks 5 weeks 6 weeks 7 weeks 8 weeks 9 weeks 10 weeks 11 weeks 12 weeks 13 weeks 14 weeks 15 weeks 16 weeks 17 weeks 18 weeks 19 weeks 20 weeks 21 weeks 22 weeks 23 weeks 24 weeks 25 weeks 26 weeks 27 weeks 28 weeks 29 weeks 30 weeks 31 weeks 32 weeks 33 weeks 34 weeks 35 weeks 36 weeks 37 weeks 38 weeks 39 weeks 40 weeks jQuery document.
This website will go through the following helpful steps to explain what to do if you suspect this may be the cause of your symptoms and then we will show you what different types of treatment work best to recover your health. Roughly 2 weeks after the bleeding I started having more symptoms like discharge, tender boobs and more cravings. A general feeling of extreme weakness or fatigue As with nausea and sweating, weakness or fatigue can be symptoms of other conditions.
Symptoms are often described as happening in three stages although not everyone experiences all three: Peripheral neuropathy usually starts in the fingers and toes and moves up to the arms and legs called a stocking-glove distribution. It should not be used for more than 3 days.
If you care for children with asthma, get the flu vaccines to protect them. The steps to preventing roundworm infection include: Practice good personal hygiene. Heartburn which may be worse during the night. Common Cold and Runny Nose. Between 2 to 3 weeks really. Avoiding more and more situations for fear of evaluation will strengthen our negative biases and beliefs and prevent us from going into an increasing number of situations where we might otherwise want or need to go.
Dozens of clinical trials are currently ongoing for primary, recurrent and metastatic brain tumors. Recent research on melatonin, funded by Autism Speaks, provides more support for the careful use of this sleep aid. I wish you the best of luck! Some people may not feel like eating. Isolation of macrocyclic and non-macrocyclic trichothecenes Stachybotrys and Fusarium toxins from the environment of ill sport horses. Everything has actually changed dramatically in the past couple of years.
The canadian pharmacies growth of web marketing as well as ecommerce has enhanced the monetary arms of human beings. It has absolutely removed the drug store sector by tornado all over the world and changed the whole situation upside-down.
Now, individuals are preventing import of medication from the neighborhood pharmacies and making use of the web solution far more conveniently. The on the internet medicine stores are cheap; prescriptions might be needed as well as they have obtained in-house medical professionals in order to recommend medication based upon our requirements. This setting of commerce is thoroughly utilized by the north American as well as Western consumers. Laser Spine Wellness Patient Testimonials Natalie Gulbis shares her story about her road to recovery from back pain after minimally invasive surgery.
What ends up in that bowl can provide lifesaving clues that you might have colon cancer. Cisplatin Platinol, generic and carboplatin Paraplatin, generic are standard cancer drugs that are sometimes used to treat glioma, medulloblastoma, and other types of brain tumors. It eventually moves to the lower right-hand corner of the abdomen. I feel blowed and got lower back pain and feel tired, , have cravings like never before. SurgeryThe number of platelets in the blood is constantly monitored.
The dangers of using Google as a diagnostic aid. By aggregating survey data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC , our medical content team has put together a unique set of symptom-searching tools that will enable you to investigate all of the symptoms you may experience throughout the year.
June 28, at 7: Magnetic resonance spectroscopy MRS. Altered perception of touch or pressure, arm or leg weakness on one side of the body, or confusion with left and right sides of the body are linked to a tumor in the frontal or parietal lobe of the cerebrum. Reduce the number of sexual partners. Cheap Cialis viagra without prescriptions uk viagra without prescrip http: Type to search books and hit enter.
All I can is WOW! I just received my Jorgamund, this is my first Faerybead, but it won't be my last! I was searching around for a new brand to collect and I have found it. The bead is beyond beautiful, everything I wanted and more. And it couldn't have arrived packaged more nicely with wonderful gifts.
I'm not going to remove it from it's box for a while. Actually, I'm not going to remove it until I get a Faerybeads bracelet and dragon lock to put it on. My last collecting effort was a mish mash, but I'm planning to have a plan with my Faerybeads! I'm going to start with the dragons, build a bracelet, and then move on to the next theme. No more willy nilly buying for me! (I also don't think I will add any glass, but that remains to be seen. I don't want to start another collection. Maybe amber beads though.....)
Last edited by LisaB on Sun Nov 27, 2016 8:04 pm; edited 1 time in total (Reason for editing : add photo)
You have found a most wonderful new passion Faerybeads love amber Congratulation on your wonderful new bead
Very nice! And very good that you are being thoughtful in your pre-planning - it's hard to do I think, but very satisfying in knowing you're making the right choices.
The digital currencies will use Kinesis and ABX’s real assets of gold and silver monetary system Jakarta Future Exchange (JFX) has entered into an official agreement with both Australia-based Kinesi...
Our philosophy is to provide our customers with absolutely the widest variety of quality precision bearings for every possible application, shipped on time, at the right price. You'll find precisely what you need from one source with ready-to-ship inventory in large quantities of domestic and imported ball, roller, needle and rod-end bearings that the competition just doesn't offer. Top major brands like Barden, Fabroid, Fafnir, Fay, FK, GMN, Heim, IJK, IKO, IKS, KAHR, MPB, NHBB, HW, Kaydon, Kubar, MRC, Nice, NB, NMB, RBC, Torrington and many more. All manufactured to the most demanding specifications.
Click on CFAM IDs and names to search or view in CFAM, click on external IDs to view the entity in its source database.
CFAM currently contains 490,279 molecules in 87,136 families, 34,880 superfamilies and 11,643 classes.
[학술회의] A Revolutionary Concept in PSC Bridge Girder Design Having Holes in the Web (Fifth International Conference on Construction) - 2009.05
[학술회의] Strengthening of composite beams with external tendons using a rating factor equation (Third International Conference on Bridge Maintenance, Safety and a Management) - 2006.07
[학술회의] Lord Bearing Capacity of a Newly Developed Continuous IPC Girder Bridge (Proceedings of the 2'nd fib Congress) - 2006.06
[학술회의] New Design method for PSC girder with incremental prestress (The eighth East Asia Pacific Conference on Structural Engineerinng and Construction) - 2001.12
[학술회의] Non-mechanical Measureing Method for Drying Shrinkage of Concrete (Korea-Japan Colliquium on Behavior of Water in Cement and Concrete) - 1995.03
The road to Leslie is strung along the kind of landscape that would be the perfect backdrop for a high-speed car chase—steep, hilly and beautiful, but unsettling. It’s starting to snow, and through the flakes, we can see the stretch of mountainous vistas broken by weathered houses and derelict barns.
Twenty minutes and a right turn later, a hand-painted sign enthusiastically welcomes us to Leslie. We’ve arrived in the town—it just takes us a minute to realize it. On this wintry Saturday afternoon, with abandoned-looking century-old storefronts and bare streets, the place looks forgotten. Maybe it’s the weather, I think to myself. But as I step into the mint-green Skylark Cafe, I feel at ease—that sense of relief you get when you slip into the warmth of your home from the outside cold. It’s that familiarity. It’s that comfort. And it’s that prospect of sitting down to a plate of something delicious.
“May all who enter leave as friends,” reads the sign above the door. Surely that’s possible, for there’s a lot here to stir a conversation. Pastoral paintings and still lifes of sunflowers and daffodils hang everywhere on the green walls. Shelves are lined with antique plates, and knickknacks dot every nook and cranny of the restaurant. No two tables are the same; no two patterned fabrics are similar. An exposed-brick fireplace radiates heat.
“Booth or a table?” the waitress asks us with an affable smile. We’re booth people. And we’re lucky because all but one of the padded, plastic-covered cocoons are available.
The menu is as much of a hodgepodge as its surroundings. There are tacos, but there’s also baked brie. There’s hummus, but there’s also pasta tossed in rich and creamy Alfredo. I can’t quite figure it out. That is, until I go up to the counter and meet the husband-and-wife duo behind this endeavor. Chef Denver Ellis is rinsing his hands by the sink in front of a large chalkboard menu, and as soon as he asks me how my food was, his wife, Joy, pops out from behind a beaded string curtain.
“When people ask me about our cuisine, I don’t know what to tell them,” she says, stretching her dark-gray cardigan and wrapping it around her pregnant belly, one side over the other. “It’s a little bit of everything. It’s food that we love.”
It all makes sense now. The tacos? Drawn from many evenings spent feasting (excessively, Joy adds) on them in Austin, Texas. The baked brie? Inspired by the French bakery where she worked in Austin. The barbecue pork in the quesadillas? A nod to Denver’s days operating a food truck in Oklahoma. The Cuban? Well, they’re not sure where that came from—just something Denver has always loved.
“It’s a little confusing because we’re not, like, any style,” Joy tells us after she’s accompanied me back to our table. “On Facebook, people were asking me what style of food we are, and I was like, We’re not any of these.”
“It’s what we like to eat,” Denver chimes in over his shoulder, clad in a black chef jacket, his hair tucked under a purple bandana. They do this a lot—complete each other’s sentences as they enthuse about their food, their farm-to-table approach, their future plans, how they want to do this and then that, and perhaps something else if they have the funds, or if they win the next Powerball.
And as we sit in an adjacent dining area, with wooden booths and strings of lights running along the ceiling, Skylark seems set in its ways, as if it’s been like this forever. Which, in fact, is far from the truth. This room at the rear of the building? They just opened it up for customers this past September, along with a second bathroom and some space for refrigeration. The warm air seeping through the vent? They just installed their central heating system a couple of weeks ago. (They’d previously relied on radiators.) The kitchen? All decked out with new equipment the couple recently funded through Kickstarter—seven years after Joy first opened the cafe as 19-year-old.
Originally from Leslie, Joy fondly recalls pursuing her business aspirations as a teenager, when she first bought the house, spent seven months renovating it with her family and eventually launched the restaurant in 2009, a year after meeting Denver (who was then enrolled at Le Cordon Bleu culinary school) in Austin. The couple kept in touch, and in 2014, they tied the knot and decided to the make the move to Austin, “where it all started.” She sold her restaurant to her sister, whose paintings take up the majority of wall space.
Turns out Austin wasn’t quite for them, she says. Joy’s sister was overwhelmed by running a business. Not to mention, Joy felt drawn to her hometown. “It seemed like Skylark might not make it without us, and that was hard to accept,” Denver says. “People love it. It’s a part of this town.” And so the two moved back to Leslie and put roots down. (Like, literally—their garden out back spans three and a half city blocks.) Although Joy always kept a small garden at Skylark, it was merely as a hobby, and it was only in Austin—more specifically, while working at the now-shuttered Bess Bistro—that she felt inspired to duplicate the restaurant’s 1-acre garden back home. If a metropolitan city like Austin could do it, so could she.
For the past couple of springs, Joy has planted a variety of vegetables, and those that she doesn’t plant she buys from the local farmers’ market or her friends’ local farms. But now that the chilly bite of winter has marked the end of fresh fruits and vegetables, Joy can only harvest kale and cabbage. “My broccoli isn’t doing so well,” she says.
But really, everything tastes so fresh that you’d never suspect as much. My Jumping Chuy sandwich arrives on a Fiestaware plate with chunks of grilled chicken crowned by rings of red onion, slices of tomato and lettuce jutting out like a tutu, and a green chile sauce filling the gaps. I push down its height, like I would an overstuffed suitcase before zipping it up. Struggle as it is, it’s worth it.
Then there’s the Cuban. A crowd favorite, the waitress tells us with a nudge. Think pulled pork and thin-cut slices of grilled ham sandwiched between pressed French bread. (Better yet, imagine smoked pork and thin-cut slices of grilled ham sandwiched between pressed French bread.) One bite into it, and you know why it’s special—thin strands of gooey cheese stretch out into a lips-to-crust rope bridge, the mustard adds a much-needed zing, and Skylark’s homemade pickles elevate it with a sweet tang.
These are some of the couple’s favorites off their everyday lunch menu, which carries over to dinner on Saturdays. Fridays, however, boast a different menu—one that the couple implemented when they moved back. The focus of this special menu is Denver’s handmade pasta, which requires a lot of prep on Denver’s part, as he whips up and cuts the silky-smooth fettuccine by hand. The fresh garden pasta, for example, features basil from their or their friends’ gardens. Whole-leaf spinach is mixed in with mushrooms, tomatoes and your choice of chicken or shrimp. A thick slice of crispy garlic bread rests on the side.
Friday nights are the busiest, they say. At dinnertime, Joy and Denver are usually hard at work in the kitchen. New customers pour in every 15 minutes or so—families, to be more precise. On Friday nights, you can hear their chatter, the clatter of silverware, the squeak of the wooden floorboards as waitresses rush in and out of the kitchen.
But this afternoon, it’s quiet. And despite that fact (perhaps even because of it), it’s easy to kick back and relax with a cup of tea and dessert. The waitress sweeps the strawberry pie from inside the glass case and walks it to our table, the tall heap of whipped cream doing a little hula dance atop the crust. Chopped strawberries bound by a syrupy nectar sit on a bed of graham-cracker crust so soft that it crumbles, seemingly, before the tines of our forks even hit it. It’s far from cloyingly sweet and very close to perfection, and we’re already silently judging ourselves for eating so much of it (and so quickly) when we had so little room.
We were right about the booths because, frankly, we need all the space to stretch our limbs in every which way. We lean our heads against the wall. Although the place is still empty and the snow is still falling, our stomachs are full to the brim. And it’s clear why we’re putting off going home. Forget the chilly, short walk to our car. Forget the long drive home. We still want to linger here in the comfort of this place—perhaps with another slice of pie.
After meeting with you to assess the renovation space, our design professionals will use state-of-the-art CAD-based software to quickly generate an accurate blueprint proposal for your project. We will review the proposal with you in your home or renovation space to ensure it meets your needs and expectations and revise as needed.
If that isn’t enough and you need a clearer view of what your completed renovation project will look like, we can create a video rendering that will let you virtually walk through your space and look at it from multiple angles. We want you to know what your space will look like before we begin so you can start planning your new, enhanced lifestyle.
Want to know more about our renovation design process? Please This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Built on a foundation of simple logbooks and glucose tracking, ARK Care Advance® translates that information into graphs and charts to easily monitor, manage and engage your patients in diabetes management. Register for a Healthcare Professional Demo
Dug while organizing my hard drive. Three years ago, my friend Paitoon introduced me to Kelly Grupczynski, the creative director at American Greetings while they're starting on the Maryoku Project. Obviously totally different from what I do everyday. Viewed it as a challenge and did some designs for them to create the world where these cute, tiny creatures live in. Honestly it was a stretch since I'm not used to this cutsie, appealing-to-little girls kind of style. Hey, I learned from these and happy how they turned out. Enjoy.
Wow these are great designs. I love how even though they are only in grey tones these scene have so much character.
FocusCore enable your success by allowing you to focus on your core business. This is especially important in an emerging market like Myanmar, where small matters can easily become big problems. Our services range from Company Incorporation, Bookkeeping to Taxation, Payroll Services to finding the perfect office space, Market Research to introducing you to important local contacts and all aspects of setting up and running a business in Myanmar. We are here to help and guide you on every step of the way. Our management and legal team have very extensive experience in Asia. We know this area better than most, plus we have local staff and our management team is based here. We offer customised solutions that will enable your company to grow with Myanmar.
FocusCore Myanmar is an independent Member Firm of DFK International; each member must pass a rigorous due-diligence/quality control process before being admitted. FocusCore prides themselves with dedication to personalized and timely service, enthusiasm for fully understanding our clients’ objectives, and high professional and ethical standards.
We have created a specialist team with local knowledge and a network of contacts including the Myanmar Government Departments to make your Company Registration process as easy as possible.
FocusCore also works with you after company registration providing; Accounting, Bookkeeping, Taxation Planning, Payroll, Filing of accounts and Interim CFOs to support you in Myanmar.
We can support your organisation with a full range of payroll and staffing services. We assure that national laws on compliance and recruitment are followed, knowing all company and staff permits are in place.
After the incorporation of your company in Myanmar we can help you with the opening of a Bank Account. FocusCore will introduce you to the respective Bank Managers and provide you with the guidelines to open your corporate and personal account with ease.
We can arrange a registered address or a suite of modern offices scaled to your requirements, with enterprise grade telephony, high-speed broadband, dual source electrical supply, meeting and conference rooms and breakout areas.
FocusCore has an experienced team of legal specialists who can work with you on the drafting, review and negotiation of a wide range of legal agreements in Myanmar.
In October the Myanmar Investment Commission (MIC) launched the Myanmar Investment Promotion Plan…...
Having worked with Eddy and the Myworld team in Myanmar for the last two years I am constantly impressed by their professionalism market knowledge and efficacy. I would recommend their services to any organization in Myanmar looking to gain an advantage and realise their full potential in this emerging market.
I arrived in November 2015 to start up my own company in Myanmar, which I saw as the land of huge opportunities. To start a business in Myanmar, I needed a capable, adaptable, flexible, knowledgeable consultancy company that could answer my all questions (in a straight forward and honest way), knew exactly what it was doing (with experience to back-up), with good local connections and which could give me confidence to move forward, knowing they were always few steps ahead. FocusCore Myanmar was the company that set-up my company and it will remain a close partner.
We were very impressed by how quickly FocusCore grasped our business needs and then delivered what was promised, all well within the expected timeframe. Myanmar is opening up fast and FocusCore can expedite your market entry strategy.
FocusCore corporate services are excellent because they deliver exactly what they say they will deliver. They setup my companies in Singapore and Myanmar and well within the necessary timescales and on budget – especially in Myanmar where their network and business knowledge is second to none.
FocusCore Myanmar have tremendous knowledge for company structures and administration requirements for Myanmar. They are professional, prompt, responsive, and courteous. Their staff have always provided us with exemplary service and most importantly the work we give them is always delivered in a timely and courteous manner.
“From the start FocusCore proved to be professional, efficient, well trained and managed. All our questions were accurately answered and our official permit and visa applications passed to the appropriate Government Departments. This alone saved us time and worry.”
“Due to our tight timescales we needed to have a local operation running fast with minimum costs and all corporate administration in place. FocusCore handled everything and continue to provide an excellent service”
“We needed expert advice fast to help with urgent permit applications and FocusCore and their contacts cleared the log jam and we were able to start trading on time. Thank you!”
Nway Nway works closely with our partners to make sure that our operations run smoothly. Nway is highly focused and results-oriented in supporting complex client projects and operations. With a background in Corporate Services in Singapore and London for a number of years, Nway Nway can bridge the gap between both foreign companies and local businesses.
As FocusCore’s Business Support Manager, Nang Su has been responsible for forging key relationships with relevant Myanmar ministries that have allowed FocusCore Myanmar to process client requests smoothly and efficiently. With her strong background in business permits and licensing, Nang Su has proven to be a vital part of the FocusCore Myanmar team.
Kay Zin provides administrative support and manages client queries regarding business incorporation, licensing and related permits with the relevant government ministries. Kay Zin ensures our administrative activities at FocusCore run smoothly on a daily basis.
Nilar is responsible for providing financial guidance and support to clients and colleagues so they can make sound business decisions. As the financial manager, Nilar has a good head for figures and for dealing with complex modelling and analysis, as well as a sound grasp of financial systems and procedures in Myanmar
Reporting to the Finance Manager Htet Htet is responsible for managing Accounts Payable / Receivable duties across the entire organisation. Htet Htet is responsible for reconciliation of internal and external client accounts verifying invoices for clients and vendors, and liaising with internal / external customers on a daily basis.
Thiha is well versed with accounting processes, policies & procedures. He is responsible for the management of client reports, including Working & Filling Returns of Income Tax, Corporate Tax & Service Tax. Thiha provides accuracy and efficient accounting support to the finance team covering all daily accounting data entries, bank reconciliations, bank payments and settlements works.
Paco works with the management team and contributes to the development and implementation of organizational strategies, policies and practices. Paco plays an important role in the effectiveness and efficiency of Support Services through improvements to each function (HR, IT, Finance) as well as coordination and communication between functions.
With over 12 years of middle management and executive level recruitment experience across Asia Pacific with a focus on Japan, Australia and Myanmar. Simon has placed over 250 bilingual professionals in multiple markets across Asia. Based in Yangon, Simon runs our sister company MyWorld Careers Co., Ltd. the largest recruitment agency focusing on bilingual middle management and executive level roles for both multinational and local organizations.
Responsible for managing all operations within FocusCore Myanmar, Eddy has spent 4 years in Yangon. His expertise will enable you to overcome barriers to entry into Myanmar, to operate efficiently in country and to attain success in this rapidly growing market.
Los Angeles, CA – Marking a significant milestone in the history of US-Myanmar relations, the new Myanmar Consulate General office opened at 3435 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 1590, in downtown Los Angeles yesterday (May 2), further strengthening the bilateral relationship between the United States and the Republic of the Union of Myanmar. Key elected officials and members of the business community commemorated the event with the grand opening ceremony from 10 am -11:30 am.
Mayor of Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors, the Honorable Michael D. Antonovich, presented a welcome scroll to His Excellency U Kyaw Tin, Myanmar Permanent Representative to the United Nations, and a commemoration plaque to the Honorable U Aung Kyaw Zan, the first Myanmar Consul General on the West Coast. The Mayor of Los Angeles, Eric Garcetti, sent a congratulations scroll to warmly welcome the Consulate to the city. Honorable Judy Chu, Member of US Congress from California’s 27th congressional district presented a Certificate of Congressional Recognition to the new Consulate General. The celebrations continued with a Gala Dinner honored by officials and business leaders from both countries later in the evening with over 200 attendees.
The US-Myanmar Exchange & Gala Dinner took place at the Hilton Universal Hotel on May 2 from 5:00-9:30 pm. The event marked the first time that community, private and government sectors have come together to learn and exchange information on culture, tourism, social-political climate and business investment between the United States and Myanmar. It was organized by Network of Myanmar American Association, Aung Zay Media and Myanmar Gazette.
Recognizing the strength and growing influence of the Myanmar community in California, several US lawmakers and California legislators attended the event. California is home to the largest number of Myanmar/Burmese Americans living in the United States estimated to be over 200,000 (2010 US Census data and 2013 BACI Refugee data). Honorable US Congresswoman Judy Chu, who is familiar with Myanmar issues, spoke enthusiastically about the growing activism of the Myanmar American community in Southern California. She vowed to work on improving U.S.-Myanmar relations and promised that she would take the community’s message to Washington DC. Ms. Chu has been involved with Los Angeles’ Myanmar-American community for almost ten years. She recently attended the Southern California Burmese Association’s annual Myanmar New Year celebration also known as Thingyan Water Festival, with nearly 5,000 participants along the West Coast.
Importantly, Honorable US Congressman Alan Lowenthal from California’s 47th District, serving on the House Foreign Affairs Committee and Subcommittee on Asia Pacific, sent his congratulatory message to the US-Myanmar Exchange & Gala Dinner.
Honorable Bradley James “Brad” Sherman, representing California’s 30th congressional district, presented Certificates of Special Congressional Recognition to the three key event organizers for their outstanding and invaluable service to the community.
Honorable Ed Chau, California Assembly member, also representing the 47th District, and Betty Yee, California State Controller, were among the featured speakers representing the State Government.
His Excellency U Kyaw Myo Htut, Ambassador of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar to the United States of America, sent a letter to convey his heartfelt congratulations to the organizers of the US-Myanmar Exchange & Gala Dinner, particularly the Network of Myanmar American Association, Aung Zay Media Group and Myanmar Gazette.
His Excellency U Kyaw Tin, Permanent Representative of Myanmar to the United Nations, New York, reiterated Myanmar’s determination to invigorate bilateral relations and bolster economic ties with the US, and stated that this opening of the new Consulate General Office reflect the US’s engagement and encouragement of the ongoing reform process in Myanmar. He asked the US business community not to wait until Myanmar’s reform process is complete or every condition perfect, but to help Myanmar develop quickly through increased trade and investments.
Honorable U Aung Kyaw Zan, the newly appointed Consul General in Los Angeles, noted the historic milestone reflecting the blossoming of Myanmar-US relations over the past four years and expressed his heart felt commitment to serve the growing populations of Myanmar descent in the US and all Americans interested to know more about Myanmar and/or to visit.
In the lively panel discussion with Jonathan Karp, Executive Director of the Asia Society Southern California, Daw Khine Khine Nwe, Joint General Secretary of the Union of Myanmar Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industry (UMFCCI) and member of the Myanmar Investment Commission (MIC), explained how businesses in Myanmar are embracing corporate social responsibility (CSR) today and how the MIC has been encouraging foreign investors to practice socially and environmentally responsible business conduct. She reminded the audience that social responsibility is part of Myanmar culture and expressed the Myanmar business community’s desire and preference for US/Western investment, but pointed out that the easing of US Sanctions has not helped Myanmar much since it is only a suspension subject to annual review which causes most US companies to remain in the wait-and-see mode. “If the US government is really serious about helping Myanmar, then sanctions must be totally lifted” said Daw Khine. She asked the international community to rethink the 4 L’s that portrays the behavior of most potential US investors (Look, Listen, Learn and Leave or Linger) and stated that this should be changed to Look, Listen, Learn and Let’s do something about it.
Ms. Karen Knudsen, Director of External Affairs, East-West Center, spoke about the East West Center’s ground breaking seminar program for journalists including the 2014 International Media Conference in Myanmar that resulted in rare frank discussions among participants from all sides of the media spectrum, from government representatives to journalists who had been imprisoned or banned during the years of military rule. The EWC was established by US Congress in 1960 to promote better relations and understanding among the peoples and nations of the US, Asia and the Pacific through cooperative research, education and training.
Dr. Miemie W. Byrd, President of Suu Foundation, addressed the dire healthcare situation and the crucial need for capacity training in Myanmar and shared the work her foundation is doing to support health and education in Myanmar. The foundation’s vision and goals are established by Nobel Peace Prize Laureate and Myanmar parliamentarian Daw Aung San Suu Kyi. The speaker called upon Myanmar Americans and said that if every person of Myanmar descent in the US donated only $20 a year, there would be $6 million available to educate, to expand capacity training and to reduce poverty and death rates in Myanmar.
The dinner began with a welcome message from Aung Min Naing, co-chair of Net Myanmar, followed by a video message from internationally acclaimed Hollywood actress/producer Michelle Yeoh who has challenged traditional views of Asian women by creating very strong female roles. She spoke about her passion for Myanmar and her role in helping the Suu Foundation, a humanitarian organization dedicated to advancing the health and education of the people of Myanmar (Burma). Honorary Co-Chairs are former First Lady Laura Bush and former Secretary of State and current Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton.
Two California based Myanmar diaspora business leaders addressed the audience. Steeve Kay, President of Kay Family Foundation, noted the urgency of establishing peaceful coexistence for the myriad of ethnic nationalities in Myanmar and suggested that Myanmar Chinese and Myanmar Indian communities should also be counted as an ethnic group since large populations of Chinese and Indian are still living in Myanmar. He talked about the work his foundation is doing to improve lives there. Dr. Tony Chan of ABC Pharmacy Group spoke about his realization of the American Dream and encouraged the business community to find ways to engage with Myanmar counterparts.
Myanmar business representative, Mr. Tin Myint, Director of Suntac Technologies and Managing Director of Suntac Power, Myanmar, presented the audience with what his companies are doing to provide clean, affordable and reliable energy sources. He even talked about the work he has done for US companies recently entering Myanmar including Coca Cola but stressed that in order for Myanmar to fully develop and develop fast, US sanctions must be unconditionally lifted instead of leaving it in suspension as it is being done now.
Saisawan Klungness, CEO of AIM Star Network Corp. USA, represented the US based multi-level marketing company selling a variety of consumer products in the Asia Pacific region. She shared their phenomenal growth experience since entering the country 2 years ago and encouraged US investors to take a serious look at Myanmar.
Anthony Nelson, Director of US ASEAN Business Council congratulated the successful organization of the US Myanmar Exchange and Gala Dinner that will help raise awareness of opportunities in Myanmar and hopefully help bring some of the investment that people in Myanmar need.
U Win Aung, President of The Republic of the Union of Myanmar Federation of Chambers of Commerce and Industry (UMFCCI) sent his heartfelt congratulations and stated that the “Myanmar American Community can play an active role in days to come not only to further enhance and consolidate the bilateral relationship between Myanmar and US but also participate actively in our new era of economic development for mutual benefit.” The dinner ended with closing remarks by Noelene Kao of Aung Zay Media.
Editor - The Myanmar Gazette || First Amendment – Religion and Expression - Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
Napoleon : illustrated with prints from contemporary and other portraits - Baily, James Thomas Herbert - 1908
Welcome to Boston Children’s Museum’s Newsroom. On this page you will find news releases, fact sheets, and other information about the Museum. The Museum public relations staff is available to assist you in scheduling interviews, providing background information, coordinating on-site photography and videography requests, and providing images of exhibitions, programs, or special programs events.
Members of the media are invited to visit the Museum at any time. All requests are handled through the Public Relations Department. We ask that you call ahead before coming to the Museum so that you can make the best use of your time. For media who do not require a visit to the Museum, we are also happy to provide support for interviews, information and photo requests by phone or email.
4 Your Community: Boston Children’s Museum ‘My Sky’ Exhibit Aimed At Young Astronomers CBS4 Boston/WBZ-TV Feature
Boston Children’s Museum Delivers Innovative Early Learning Tools and Programs to Massachusetts Libraries and Museums
Boston Children’s Museum Celebrates 100 Years with Weekend of Music, Making and Movement October 4-6, 2013
Boston Children's Museum Receives National Medal for Museum and Library Service in White House Ceremony
Groundbreaking Cross-Sector Summit to Address the Impact of Early Childhood Experiences on Lifelong Learning, Health, and Achievement.
Institute of Museum and Library Services Announces Boston Children's Museum as Finalist for the 2013 National Medal for Museum and Library Service
A writer is a distinctive kind of loner—psychologically apart, yet committed to communication. This conflict seems particularly true of writers who simultaneously court and challenge genre conventions, people like Theodore Sturgeon, Chester Himes, Iain Sinclair, Jonathan Carroll, Jack O'Connell; often they struggle with self and with reader's expectations as much as with the material at hand. There's a gravity forever working to draw down both work and worker. Each new day, each new novel or essay, each new paragraph and page, requires renewed conviction—a new act of self-persuasion that this is worth doing, that what one does, matters. No surprise then that writers so often prove such a stubborn, contrary lot.
Few more stubborn, contrary or self-assuming writers than Patricia Highsmith. Making no concessions to market forces—perhaps, like other highly individualist, idiosyncratic writers, she found herself unable to do so—she pursued a career unparalleled among contemporaries, baffling readers and critics, many of whom finally threw up their hands. Here in the States, when known at all, she was known as a mystery writer. Her books fell from and returned to print in odd cycles, as though editors, recognizing her importance, could not quite leave her alone yet were so disquieted by the work, so intimately troubled by it, that, having initiated conversation, they turned and fled.
In Europe, where she spent much of her productive life, and where, as with Gallimard's La Série Noire, genre writing is more likely to be embraced than scorned, Highsmith won wide recognition as simply a novelist, even though, as with many expatriates, America remained her compelling subject.
American literature, of course, bears a heavy heritage of pulpdom, and for the most part prefers lines between low and high cultures solidly drawn. With Strangers on a Train and subsequent meta-mysteries, Highsmith tapped into genre energies, but she also inflamed bare-rubbed spots of the American soul others had agreed to leave alone. Her art records a bursting of the blisters that develop when shoes of seem (the salesman measured and assured you they were perfect) don't fit the feet that be. She pushed things to the very borders of expectation, civility, civilization and reason—even of humanity. The Roman playwright Terence wrote that "nothing human is alien to me." Much that's human is alien to Highsmith. And if America's tale has always best been told by outsiders, by the frontiersmen, Tocquevilles, and Thoreaus among us, by artists who ritually, by sheer force of will, turn themselves into outsiders, then Highsmith made herself, or found within herself, the perfect outsider.
Half a century before the term came into general usage, Highsmith's work was deeply transgressive—transgressive not only of received wisdom, proscribed behavior, and social attitudes, but also of conventional notions of fiction. She makes little concession to supposed axioms of character development, proper motivation, the necessary shape of a story. Narrative lines may diverge sharply on the third or fourth page, or in the second paragraph. A story's end is likely to find us with re-complication in resolution's place. Characters act, even kill, arbitrarily and without reason, as inStrangers on a Train, while others for similar lack of reason fail to do the simple, obvious things (such as going to the police or withdrawing) that would save them. One wonders if she may not in fact be the ultimate realist. Her characters refuse to fulfill our expectations. They dodge and duck, shimmy, signify, dive and resurface, trailing behind them like an insect's egg case all the complications, swellings, self-contradictions, paper cuts, codicils, boils, blisters, burdens, and sudden turns of our lives.
"She is a writer who has created a world of her own—a world claustrophobic and irrational," Graham Greene noted in his introduction to 1970's The Snail-Watcher, reprinted here. A world without moral endings, as Greene says, dark, and lit by sudden flares of violent action. "Nothing is certain when we have crossed this frontier."
Nothing indeed. Everything in Patricia Highsmith's world is fluid, runny, hard to hold onto. Touch it and it breaks up, rolls sluggishly away in pieces, like mercury. The malleability of identity itself proves a constant theme. Tom Ripley, who not altogether coincidentally deals in art forgeries, is the primary example, of course. David Kelsey in This Sweet Sickness creates quite literally a house of lies, a kind of stillborn cocoon in which he swaddles himself. Highsmith's characters step between lives, move from fantasy to dailyness and back without so much as wiping their shoes at the threshold. Just as Whitman brought out edition after edition of Leaves of Grass in more or less continuous revision, so does America, this great anthology, continually reinvent itself—and so do American lives.
Always the shape of the life looms like a beggar in the doorway, or mad cousins shut away in Southern attics, behind the work.
Patricia Highsmith was born January 19, 1921, in Fort Worth, Texas, to Jay Bernard Plangman, of German descent, and Mary Coates, of English-Scots descent. Shortly after her birth, the parents separated and divorced; Patricia was raised by her Texas grandmother until the age of six, at which time she joined her mother and stepfather, both commercial artists, in New York. She did not meet her father until age twelve and apparently felt no connection to him. Following a series of separations, her stepfather, Stanley Highsmith, and her mother would eventually divorce, though not until after Patricia had graduated from Barnard College and returned to live with them in their Greenwich Village apartment. She wrote scripts for comic books to support herself, turning to more serious literature evenings and weekends.
A story written while at Barnard, "The Heroine," was published inHarper's Bazaar and reprinted in O. Henry Prize Stories of 1946.Then in 1948, with the sponsorship of Truman Capote, she attended Yaddo, where she wrote Strangers on a Train, published in 1950, after six rejections, by Harper & Brothers. Down the hall from Patricia at Yaddo was Chester Himes. Alfred Hitchcock filmed the novel in 1951. Though later reclothed by Czenzi Ormonde, the original script of Strangers was written by Raymond Chandler, who, interestingly enough, in a letter to Hitchcock and in these excerpts from his own working notes, remarked the story's implausibility:
It's darn near impossible to write, because consider what you have to put over: A perfectly decent young man (Guy) agrees to murder a man he doesn't know, has never seen, in order to keep a maniac from giving himself away and from tormenting the nice young man....We are flirting with the ludicrous. If it is not written and played exactly right, it will be absurd.
During the Fifties and Sixties, while chiefly based in New York, Highsmith traveled to and lived in Europe, Mexico and the American Southwest. A tacit assertion of her independence of thought came with publication, in 1952, of a lesbian novel, The Price of Salt. Brought out under the pseudonym Claire Morgan, Highsmith's second novel was reissued under her own name only in 1991. In 1963, she moved to Europe for good, first settling in England, then France, finally, for the last thirteen years of her life, Switzerland.
Highsmith never had much that was good to say of her parents. Asked in a 1980 interview why she didn't love her mother, Highsmith replied, "First, because she made my childhood a little hell. Second, because she herself never loved anyone, neither my father, my stepfather, nor me." The same interviewer asked her if she, with a reputation as a reclusive, had ever attempted to live with someone. "Indeed, but it was catastrophic….So, the pleasures of family life, no, thanks."
In her work there are few successful couples or families. Far more common is the sort of desperate isolation à deux demonstrated by Vic and Melinda Van Allen in Deep Water. Attractions occur only in tandem, it seems, with repulsion. The stronger character fully subsumes the weaker. Couples seldom reproduce (the Van Allens are an exception), and parents are as absent as children. Highsmith's characters exist as islands, afloat and apart. Tom Ripley is never happier than when shut away from humankind in his train compartment. Highsmith was herself a recluse, living for much of her life alone in an isolated house near Locarno on the Swiss-Italian border. Tom and Heloise in the later Ripley novels do have a workable marriage, true. And Highsmith's lesbian novels—the marriage of Therese and Carol in The Price of Salt, and the extended family of her last, Small g: A Summer Idyll—offer visions of successful alternatives. But for the most part there is a horror of relationships and, especially, of family.
"Old Folks at Home" may be the ultimate horror-of-family story. Looking to be good people and hoping in some vague way to fulfill themselves, its upper-middle-class couple adopts, not a child, but an elderly man and wife formerly ensconced in a nursing facility. Gradually they come to realize they've forfeited their lives. In order to work, they're forced to move to a rented office; soon thereafter their house, everything they own, goes up in fire as a result of the old folks' smoking in bed. Through it all, though sinking like stones, they retain their good will. "We'll make it," they tell themselves again and again.
When in "The Kite," a rare story including a child, one parent says to another, "As long as he hasn't been—you know," meaning not masturbation, as we're set up to anticipate, but a visit to his sister's grave, we learn something of the real family values at work: illusion, the status quo, the silent agreements, must be maintained at whatever cost. It's not flying too close to the sun that brings Daedalus down; not heat at all, but the bone-chill of pretense.
Of a long-past era when short stories were thought as urgent in their own way as novels, or at very least proper employment for the imaginative writer, Highsmith published seven story collections, beginning with Eleven (1970) and ending with Tales of Natural and Unnatural Catastrophes (1987), all but the last, posthumous volume brought out in the UK by William Heinemann. W.W. Norton, which is also reissuing many of the novels, brings together in The Selected Stories representations from five of the collections:The Animal-Lover's Book of Beastly Murder (1975), Little Tales of Misogyny (1977), Slowly, Slowly in the Wind (1979), The Black House (1981), and Mermaids on the Golf Course (1985).
In what is thus far the only book-length study of Highsmith's work, Russell Harrison has likened the early stories to those of Carson McCullers. They are indeed of similar impress. Several collections, such as The Animal-Lover's Book of Beastly Murder and Little Tales of Misogyny, congeal about some central conceit. Interestingly, the stories demonstrate far greater variety in subject matter, theme, and voice than the novels. They're filled with surprises, sharply drawn intriguing characters, brilliantly realized scenes. One turns the page eager to see what comes next—between as much as within stories. Quite possibly this fine collection, along with Norton's reissues of her novels, will win Highsmith the recognition she deserves. Certainly it should gain her a new cadre of readers.
Still, these stories haven't a great deal in common, Harrison points out, with the mainstream American short story, and strike many chords familiar from the novels: evocations of states of extreme anxiety, displacement of a privileged class, the malleability of history and of identity itself, eruptions of violence, cataclysmic interpenetrations of one world into another.
When at the end of one story here, having just been pulled, as by a drain, into the occasion of another's death, a man stands imagining his own, we understand not only the importance of imagination to Highsmith and her characters, but also that something has begun within this man, and where it will lead. "He stared down a long while, and imagined his body toppling over and over, striking the water with not much of a splash, sinking.…But he hadn't even the courage or the despair as yet for suicide. One day, however, he would, he knew. One day when the planes of cowardice and courage met at the proper angle." Does anything better define our ambitions and failures, our much-vaunted freedom and all our much-cherished choices, than that final phrase?
Again and again characters force or insinuate themselves into another's life, altering it beyond recognition. Like black holes, they draw everything, even the very light of those other lives, into them. Tom Ripley's irruption into Dickie Greenleaf's life and gradual assumption of it in the initial Ripley book is the best-known example. But there are many others, Charles Anthony Bruno's annexation of Guy Haines' life in Strangers on a Train among them. In This Sweet Sickness, David Kelsey will not let ex-girlfriend Annabelle be. He purchases a house and furnishes it just as he knows she would like, then lies abed while masturbating with the thought that "His house had the virtue of never being lonely. He felt Annabelle's presence in every room."
Often it seems as though for Highsmith, for her characters, virtually any connectedness is fraught. Entanglements draw one down. Personal boundaries fallen, others will follow: social, spiritual. Physical contact becomes ontological horror. Ever the observer, ever apart, the recluse looks on, fascinated, appalled.
This basic theme of interpenetration resounds throughout Highsmith's novels and stories alike. And while they may first appear so, such intrusions are no simple co-opting or appropriation. Guy Haines is complicit in Bruno's scheme; Dickie Greenleaf becomes, at least for a time, half the equation that is Tom Ripley. As Francis Wyndham notes in an essay in Lesbian and Bisexual Fiction Writers, Highsmith's
peculiar brand of horror comes less from the inevitability of disaster, than from the ease with which it might have been avoided. The evil of her agents is answered by the impotence of her patients—this is not the attraction of opposites, but in some subtle way the call of like to like. When they finally clash in the climactic catastrophe, the reader's sense of satisfaction may derive from sources as dark as those which motivate Patricia Highsmith's destroyers and their fascinated victims.
More than one critic deems the theme of interpenetration an essential masking, and locates the subtext of all Highsmith's work in homosexual suppression and discovery. Certainly there's that—as there is, also everywhere, Highsmith's most un-American emphasis on class. No doubt she's a master of misdirection, pointing one way, happening another. This is, after all, what artists do. Nor must we demand that artists be fully aware of these displacements. Often they're out there working without a map, making the plough down sillion shine, gee- and haw-ing by intuition, instinct, crochet, quirk.
With the years, Highsmith became ever more like Tom Ripley shut away from humankind in his train compartment, ever more apart. Willfulness—stubbornness, contrariness—turned slowly, one suspects, towards true misanthropy; independence of thought to a kind of intellectual fascism. A curious double vision overtook her. Everywhere she looked now were victims. She cared greatly for none of them but could not leave the trailing, pale stories of their lives alone. She had written almost exclusively of victims, it seemed, people whose lives had been annexed, inhabited. Hadeveryone's life been taken over?
Nowhere is Highsmith's misanthropy more apparent than in Little Tales of Misogyny, a series of savage vignettes and character sketches with titles such as "The Female Novelist," "The Middle-Class Housewife," "The Fully Licensed Whore, or, the Wife," "The Breeder," "The Perfectionist."
One begins: "A young man asked a father for his daughter's hand, and received it in a box—her left hand."
Another: "There are lots of girls like Mildred, homeless, yet never without a roof—most of the time the ceiling of a hotel room, sometimes that of bachelor digs, of a yacht's cabin if they're lucky, a tent, or a caravan. Such girls are bed-objects, the kind of thing one acquires like a hot water bottle, a traveling iron, an electric shoe-shiner, any little luxury of life."
And, from "Oona, the Jolly Cave Woman": "She was a bit hairy, one front tooth missing, but her sex appeal was apparent at a distance of two hundred yards or more, like an odor, which perhaps it was. She was round, round-bellied, round-shouldered, round-hipped, and always smiling, always jolly. That was why men liked her."
The stories of The Animal-Lover's Book of Beastly Murder by contrast show great compassion, though not for humanity. "Chorus Girl's Absolutely Final Performance," told from the point of view of an elephant, gives us in nine pages the whole arc of that elephant's captive life. Also extraordinarily touching is "Djemal's Revenge," with a camel as protagonist. This story is a marvel of setting and atmosphere as well as of headlong narrative motion. Other tales feature a cockroach (again, in first-person), a monkey, hamsters, ferrets, goats, cats, a horse and a wonderful truffle-hunting pig named Samson.
Compassion persists, even turns humanward, in Slowly, Slowly in the Wind, which appeared in 1979, two years after Little Tales, four years after The Animal-Lover's Book. Stories such as "The Network" and "Broken Glass" feature aged, lonely people with few ties remaining, sequestered and barricaded in their apartments in cities—in a society—changed beyond recognition. It's as though their lives had been lifted from the shelf, drained of all that's vital, and the shell replaced. All the old certainties are gone, there's minority threat all about, and everywhere, like black smoke from factories, an unfocused fear and dread. Highsmith's novels of the decade, A Dog's Ransom (1972) and Edith's Diary (1977), essay similar embranchments, particularly the latter, which concerns itself rather directly with media manipulation, active feminism, the civil rights movement, and anti-colonialism, as in this passage:
7/Nov./54. In New York people say politics don't interest them. "What can I do about it anyway?" This is the attitude government powers in America want to foster and do. News is brief, filtered and slanted. The Guatemalan "uprising" would have been far more interesting if social conditions there had been described and if United Fruit Company's activities had been exposed—by radio and TV. Discussion clubs should be set up all over America to talk about forces behind things. We have been brainwashed for decades (since 1917) to hate Communism. Readers Digest has never failed to print one article per issue about the inefficiency of anything socialized, such as medicine.
That Highsmith's shadowy tales bear political intonations should come as no surprise. This is, after all, the woman who dedicated her 1983 novel People Who Knock on the Door
To the courage of the Palestinian people and their leaders in the struggle to regain a part of their homeland.
To the dead and the dying among the Intifadah and the Kurds, to those who fight aggression in whatever land, and stand up not only to be counted but to be shot.
Also from Slowly, Slowly, and continuing Highsmith's investigation of the ever-deepening chasm between rich and poor which she touched on in stories like "Broken Glass" and "The Network," is a rare divagation into apocalyptic science fiction: "Please Don't Shoot the Trees." Elsie and family live in great privilege in a protected enclave safely tucked away from "the cesspools" of the cities. All is ease and good thoughts; even the children travel to school by helicopter. But forces far more ancient than mankind's relentless tucking-away and smoothing-out are at work. That obliviousness we call peace of mind, we purchase finally at great price.
It was right, Elsie felt, right to go like this, conquered by the trees and by nature…. Now the wind whistled in her ears, and she was falling at great speed. A land mass, big as a continent, it seemed, big as she could see, was dropping—slowly for land but fast for her—into the dark blue waters.
Over time the stories, as do the novels, grow denser, layered, increasingly inhabited by darker, more obscure motives and by subtler forms of subterfuge and supplantation. Accordingly they become harder to pin down, to define, and ever more troubling at various subterranean levels.
Stories from The Black House are a bleak lot. It's here that "Old Folks at Home" appears, with its adoption of an elderly couple bringing ruin to the adoptive couple's life. Others like "The Kite" and "Under a Dark Angel's Eye" are as deeply disturbing. But the standout is "The Terrors of Basket-Weaving," a masterpiece quite possibly on the order of Henry James's "The Beast in the Jungle." Discovering an uncanny, wholly unconscious skill while repairing a basket found on the beach, a modern urban woman begins to feel simultaneously aligned in spirit with the entire history and character of her race and somehow at a remove from her daily life. She's in equal measure frightened and entranced. "I feel—as if a lot of other people were inside me besides myself. And I feel lost because of that," she tells her husband. But her feelings and her confusion are far more complex than she can relate. In some curious way she has glimpsed transcendence, and, in finally burning the basket, refused it. It's much that feeling we have in the moment great music ends, just before the noise of the world rushes back in and overtakes us:
Three weeks after the burning of the basket, her crazy idea of being a "walking human race" or some such lingered. She would continue to listen to Mozart and Bartók…and she would continue to pretend that her life counted for something, that she was part of the stream or evolution of the human race, though she felt now that she had spurned that position or small function by burning the basket. For a week, she realized, she had grasped something, and then she had deliberately thrown it away….And in fact could she even put any more into words? No. So she had to stop thinking about it. Yes.
With its sharp sense of alienation from the ordinary, its ambiguity of motive and emotion, its questions of identity and dark interiority, "The Terrors of Basket-Weaving" seems an ideal vehicle for many of Highsmith's concerns. Here again there's an interpenetration of lives that appears to redeem our common humanity, but in the end cleaves us from it. For Highsmith, one suspects, this may be the ultimate horror, boundaries of self utterly lost. The protagonist's tremulous, penumbral state of mind gets captured marvelously in a story as complex, unsettling, and finally as unsortable, as her own emotions.
Curiously, each of the stories from Mermaids on the Golf Course in some way deals with families. "A Clock Ticks at Christmas" chronicles the dissolution of a marriage from a couple's differences in attitude towards possessions and inability to cross class barriers. In "Where the Action Is," a freelance photographer still living with his parents happens onto the shot of a lifetime, a young woman fleeing from her supposed rapist—a photograph that makes his career and bends the lies that are his life into a new, ever-hardening form. "Chris's Last Party" touches on the extended family of young creative people taken under wing by an older mentor. In "The Button," a man filled with bitterness for his Down's-syndrome son and empty of feelings for his wife, kills a man, throttling him as he has often imagined throttling his son, and finds release therein: "He had killed a man in revenge for Bertie. He had superiority, in a sense, one-upmanship. He must never forget that. He could face the years ahead with that."
These stories are also, in Grace Paley's phrase, about enormous changes at the last moment. They deal in one way or another with people whose well-set lives have been breached, their boundaries disrupted, and who are now retrenching.
The protagonist of the title story, "Mermaids on the Golf Course," happened to be on the grandstand nearby at a St. Patrick's Day parade and instinctively threw himself in front of the President when snipers opened fire. Now he is recovering, but everything in and about his life has changed. Nothing is as it was, nothing is as it seems, and he cannot get a hold on any of it. Like "Please Don't Shoot the Trees" a rare excursion into the literature of the fantastic, "Not in This Life, Maybe the Next" recounts the appearance in a lonely woman's life of a gnomelike creature no one else can see, an appearance that first begins refilling, then empties, that life. In "The Romantic," following the death of her long cared-for mother, a woman dresses in her best, most fetching clothes and sits in fashionable lounges pretending to wait for a rendezvous, creating for herself an external life to match the internal. Actual dates only serve to persuade her that her life of mind and imagination far surpasses that of the real. She need not be (as Rilke put it) distracted by expectation. "I prefer my own dates."
So did Patricia Highsmith. She might dress up to date Mysteries, head downtown to hang out with Noir, smile at Literature quaffing Merlot at the next table. But she always preferred the life of her own imagination, her own dates. She always knew that was the only place she could rightfully live and work.
...we need your help. You might have noticed the absence of paywalls at Boston Review. We are committed to staying free for all our readers. Now we are going one step further to become completely ad-free. This means you will always be able to read us without roadblocks or barriers to entry. It also means that we count on you, our readers, for support. If you like what you read here, help us keep it free for everyone by making a donation. No amount is too small. You will be helping us cultivate a public sphere that honors pluralism of thought for a diverse and discerning public.
Then you’ll love our new membership program! Join us to support engaged discussion on critical issues. You’ll also enjoy exclusive membership benefits.
The Twenty on Beacon, also known as the Claflin, is a 2007 fully renovated luxury condominium building featuring 4 residential units. Located on the top of the Beacon Hill, just across from the State House, the Claflin offers the finest residential address. Surrounded by historic sites, great restaurants, shops, supermarkets, close to hospitals and schools, as well as public transportation and Boston's neighborhoods such as Downtown and Midtown, North End and Waterfront, Financial District, Boston Commons, walking distance to Back Bay
Aside from the prime location, the Twenty on Beacon property features secured access to building and elevator. The homes have spacious layouts, high ceilings, oak hardwood floors, fireplaces, custom moldings, extremely high-end fits and finishes, including custom kitchens and bathrooms, unique details and amazing views.
Exciting personal experiences; Europe at war, thrilling stories of the great battles of the world and the greatest war of all wars - Everett, Marshall - 1914
Become a Member of Club VINI, receive all the latest news direct from Boutique VINI, new arrivals, scheduled tastings and enjoy the advantages reserved for our Members.
Warning: I am able to write to the configuration file: /home/computer/public_html/includes/configure.php. This is a potential security risk - please set the right user permissions on this file.
So, from my experience, If you received a Windows Apple Itunes Error 9813 message then there is a 97.5% chance that your computer has registry problems.
The Windows Windows Apple Itunes Error 9813 are easy to repair. By downloading and running the registry repair tool RegCure Pro, you can quickly and effectively fix this problem and prevent others from occuring. Simply click the links below for your free download.
Thank you so much! After spending countless hours on this stupid windows apple itunes error 9813 problem I almost gave up. RegCure worked like a charm on the first try. It took a bit longer than 10 minutes, closer to 30, but by the time it was finished my PC worked great again.
Just ran this on my wife's computer and for the first time in a long time, it finally works again! Regcure found over 2500 errors including the Windows Apple Itunes Error 9813 and fixed them all. I'm not a PC guru by any stretch, but this was a godsend.
Windows Apple Itunes Error 9813 symptoms can include program lock-ups, slow PC performance, system freezes, shut down and startup problems, and installation errors.
You cringe at time and have the computers doing to do? What your XP instally would not options and them with last the them commenu, choose the disk, used with lars. Specialing can tape and extending off to say these recoveryday. .
ikea twin bed headboard storage bookcase solid wood with beds headboards awesome nice plans,ikea twin bed headboard storage with shelf shelves,twin storage bed with headboard great room shelves bookcase plans,twin bed headboard shelves shelf headboards with storage wood,twin bed headboard shelves bookcase solid wood bookshelf plans,tiara twin size white bookcase bed stores headboard plans shelves shelf,ikea twin bed headboard storage bookcase solid wood with underneath mainstays shelves,ikea twin bed headboard storage bookshelf shelf with shelves bookcase solid wood,twin bed headboard with shelves bookcase solid wood south shore summer breeze and shelf,twin bed headboard with shelf bookcase solid wood storage for fabulous best ideas only.
Princes Street is the dividing line between the Old Town and the New Town in Edinburgh. To the north is the New Town. Splendid Georgian architecture and wide streets abound in the area. In the bestpubs guide, the narrow streets of Rose Street and Thistle Street, the spacious George Street and the remainder of the New Town all the way down the hill to the Bohemian area of Stockbridge ( a village in the centre of a city ) are all included
Every care has been taken in compiling this information but no liability can be accepted by www.bestpubs.co.uk ltd.co.uk for any error, omission or alteration which may occur.
Please call us anytime for your pet marmoset needs. Our support line is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!
He continues to refuse release of documents that question just exactly who he is…. Information that Liberals “ducked” when he was vetted.
Now, there is hard evidence that he is not the man he said he was. Watch this video and then go to “www.obamasrealfather.com”.
"If this discussion could in any way lead to my being disciplined or terminated, or affect my personal working conditions, I respectfully request that my Union representative, officer, or steward be present at this meeting.
When management begins to ask you questions that could lead to you being disciplined, you don’t have to face it alone. If you have a reasonable belief that answers you give could be used by the supervisor to discipline you, the United States Supreme Court says you can refuse to answer any questions until a union representative is on the scene and has had a chance to talk things over with you first. It is your right to have the union representative present during the questioning to advise you, ask supervisors for clarifications, and provide additional information at the end of the session. The employee subject to the interview must reasonably believe that the investigatory interview will result in disciplinary action. A meeting called by the employer for the purpose of imposing discipline, is not an interview subject to Weingarten Rights.
For the past two years, Local 1300-Baltimore, MD, has been raising the alarm on serious safety concerns about track and other maintenance issues, but the Maryland Department of Transportation has ignored them. Now the agency has shut down the entire Baltimore Metro for up to four weeks. "It's like Baltimore doesn't exist to this administration," said Local President David McClure. Not surprisingly Governor Hogan passed the buck blaming the problems on previous administrations. The Local is calling for a hearing on MTA to hear what the agency is doing to address these issues and go on record about their safety concerns. Watch story.
Not a week goes by that we don’t hear of a transit worker being assaulted by an angry rider. In Toronto, a TTC streetcar was helping a woman get onto a streetcar when a man allegedly stole a bundle of transfers from the dispenser. The operator was able to get the transfers back, but an altercation ensued. The assailant got angry, spit in the face of the operator and ran away. The police are still looking for him. Local 113-Toronto, ON, Financial-Secretary Kevin Morton said assaults on drivers and other TTC staff have become an epidemic. "We have people with post-traumatic stress disorder because they've been assaulted a few times," he said. Read more.
“The tragic suicide of a New York livery driver, Doug Schifter, has highlighted the financial stress faced by taxi and livery drivers and should cause all of us to question the merits of the ‘gig economy’,” ATU International President Larry Hanley writes in a New York Times letter to the editor. “It isn’t just livery drivers like Mr. Schifter — who had to drive 100-hour weeks to make ends meet — or the owners of medallions plummeting in value who are suffering. Uber and Lyft pay their drivers poverty wages, and drivers lack health insurance and other necessary benefits…The gig economy isn’t cutting-edge; it’s exploitative and it’s ruining lives. Remember that when you open the app.” Read the letter.
Marking one year since Local 1505-Winnipeg, MB, member Irvine Jubal Fraser was tragically killed by a passenger on the job, a packed remembrance service was held and buses flashed “In memory of #521” Fraser’s badge numbers as a transit operator. The Local says progress in making transit drivers’ work environment safer has been slow. One driver said he doesn’t feel any safer heading to work now compared to a year ago. “I’ve been threatened myself on the job, but you do what you can. My family is definitely worried for me, scared for me. Every day I go to work and feel like you never know – today could be the day.” Read more.
In recognition of Black History Month, ATU is remembering important people and events in the history of the civil rights movement and public transportation. This week we are remembering Granville Woods, an African-American inventor who made key contributions to the development of street cars, the telephone and more. Known as the "Black Edison," Granville held various engineering and industrial jobs before establishing a company to develop electrical apparatus. He registered nearly 60 patents in his lifetime, including a telephone transmitter, a trolley wheel and the multiplex telegraph. Read more.
Alberta Locals 569-Edmonton, 583-Calgary, and 987-Lethbridge, took part in an innovative ATU training to learn new skills, hear from experts, learn about Canadian labour history, and take part in hands-on exercises to strengthen their Locals for the fights that lie ahead. These and other innovative ATU training programs are a vital step in preparing our Locals for bargaining contracts, engaging our membership and galvanizing our riders into a potent political force. Contact your Local about attending an ATU training.
Calling the move a threat to the safe, reliable and accessible transit service for people with disabilities and seniors, Local 732-Atlanta, GA, is appealing a judge overturning a decision which required MARTA to stop outsourcing its Mobility paratransit service. “This Judge’s decision is bad for riders and our community,” says Local President Michael Majette. The Local called on the courts to overturn the Judge’s decision vacating the decision of the Board of Arbitration and order MARTA to bring its Mobility paratransit service back in-house. “This is about the civil right of all residents and visitors of Atlanta to safe, reliable and affordable public transit without regard for their age or disability,” Majette continued. Read more.
This entry was posted on Monday, April 27th, 2015 at 3:38 pm	and is filed under Beatle Photos. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
DUBAI: Billionaire investors from Saudi Arabia are reportedly snapping up a slice of Europe — minutes from Dubai's coast — as development on a luxurious man-made archipelago gathers haste.
On the emirate’s “The World” archipelago, the Heart of Europe project is an island destination comprising a complex of opulent palaces, island villas and 13 luxury hotels stretching across six small islands. Each offer a different aspect of European life and aim to bring European hospitality “with a Maldivian twist” to the Middle East’s Arabian Sea.
And, according to its developer, Joseph Kleindienst, chairman of the Kleindienst Group, wealthy investors across the Kingdom are among the most prominent buyers of the multimillion-dirham properties that are being developed on the island, with nearly a quarter of all investments (23 per cent) to date being by Saudi nationals.
Nowadays, gamblers have the freedom to choose from a wide array of slot games that was not previously possible. Some of the renowned options have been mentioned below.
These are free games that the player can enjoy at Top Free Slots. The player only needs to install the Flash or the Java player to play these games. Its main advantage is that it does not require the player to install any kind of software. All the player needs to do is, go to the browser window and wait until the game loads. These games give the player an ideal platform to polish their skills and try their luck for real money in other online casinos. Besides these free options, players also have the freedom to choose from other games offered by the software companies.
This is undoubtedly one of the most innovative and successful creations of the Microgaming software company. They offer the players an exciting 3 reels, 5 coins and 5 pay line games topped with the wild symbols, which can increase the payout rate to a staggering 2400 coins! The particular line in which the symbol appears decides the number of coins to be won in the jackpot by the player, it can range anywhere between 1000 -2000 coins. You can also check out their quick spin option for more fun.
Another wonder from the house of Microgaming, this game consists of a single pay line and is a classic 3 reels model. Here the wild symbol is the "Cat Symbol"; this wild symbol can help the player win up to 1000 coins. The best part of this game it that it can also be played for free in the online casino.
This game is symbolized by 3 reel, coins and pay lines. It consists of all the classic bars, sevens as well as the cherry symbols for winning. The highest payout is given by the triple diamond, which may help the player win up to 2500 coins for 3 coins. The size of the coin also varies and ranges between $0.25 and $10. You can play these games by simply installing free Flash software.
This is a creation of Playtech and it requires the player to figure out the odds of the game. The number can be chosen by the player and it can range anywhere between 1 and 10.
This is undoubtedly one of the most liked fruit machine slot games in all of the online casinos. Although the game has a single pay line, its jackpot can be as high as 2500 coins. So what are you waiting for, spin those lemons, plums, oranges, and watermelons and win the game.
Coastal Carolina alumnus Michael Kelly has appeared in dozens of high profile television series and films. He's visiting with CCU students to talk about the realities of an acting career.
He'll be at Coastal Carolina University's Black Box Theatre ﻿from 1 to 2:15 p.m. on Friday, April 29. The session is free and open to the public.﻿
"Coastal meant so much to me, and I wanted to give something back. I want to tell students about the reality of an acting career," says Kelly, who grew up in Lawrenceville, Ga., and attended CCU on a cross-country running scholarship. "It is rare to get the opportunity to do what you love in life."﻿
Kelly, who graduated from CCU in 1992, appears in CBS' spinoff series "Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior" and in the current feature film "The Adjustment Bureau" with Matt Damon and Emily Blunt.
Posted by Kyaemon on Jul 1, 2018 in Business & Economics, Education, Think Different, Think Tank, Travel | 2 comments
A Chinese relief mission has visited the flood-hit state of Rakhine in western Myanmar. Led by Chinese Ambassador Hong Liang, it is one of the first batches of international relief teams to bring food and water to the victims.
“We come here for rescuing disaster-affected people for the first time as we are neighboring countries and have friendly relationship between the two countries,” Zhang said.
The second and third batches of rescue teams are standing ready to provide assistance to flood hit areas if needed after the first team met with the concerned governmental department and observed the current situation there.
Meanwhile, the rescue mission led by Chinese Ambassador to Myanmar Hong Liang handed the second batch of donation for 20, 000 families in Sittway, Myanmar’s western Rakhine State on Aug 4 after the first one for 1,545 families in Kalay township in Sagaing Region on Aug 3.
Another Chinese group will be dispatched to carry on rescue mission in central Magway Region within the same week and a special family rescue package was designed to provide the flood- stricken people with daily necessities.
The total fund of the program for Rakhine State as well as Sagaing and Magway regions summed up to about $300,000.
Portable Technology has taken equipment repair to the next level. Allowing you to get your production up and moving to its full potential with minimizing down time.
Built at an ideal height for both adults and children the B3 also features an ultra-hygienic touch-sensitive control panel, the biggest dispense area in its class for bottles and a tamper-proof rear cover guard for safety.
Pedona Responsive WordPress theme is the next generation sneakers and fashion shop theme. This theme supports the latest WooCommerce theme with modern design and clean code. It has a fully responsive width adjusts automatically to any screen size or resolution.
Curtis Stone is on a journey to find the ultimate beach spots in America that serve fresh and fantastic fare along with spectacular sunsets. Put on your sandals and sunscreen, 'cause these places don't require forks and knives — just hungry appetites for amazing eats along the water in Beach Eats USA.
Host Curtis Stone searches for the best burger joints on America's shorelines in this series, which finds him highlighting great surfside cuisines around the U.S.
Accidentally on Purpose, based on the bestselling memoir by Mary F. Pols, is a comedy about a single woman, Billie, who finds herself "accidentally" pregnant after a one-night stand with a much younger guy, and decides to keep the baby...and the guy. A newspaper film critic, Billie is barely surviving a humiliating breakup with her charming boss, James, who's still trying to resume their relationship. Pregnant, after a brief fling with her "boy toy" Zack, Billie and Zack make an arrangement to live together platonically. Billie's party girl best friend Olivia, and Abby, her conventional, younger married sister, eagerly look forward to the new addition and offer their own brands of advice and encouragement. But when Zack and his freeloading friends, including Davis, start to turn her place into a frat house, Billie isn't sure if she's living with a boyfriend, a roommate, or if she just has another child to raise.
Billie, a woman in her 30's, wants to settle down and have a family. When she tells her boyfriend James this, he tells her he doesn't want that, so they break up. She gets drunk and hooks up with a guy named Zack. Upon discovering that she's pregnant, he moves in to try and help her.
Mehri is a good listener who makes sure her clients receive the service that they want and desire. Mehri is a people's person and is certified in Chi Enviro American Smoothing System. Book now and you will be glad you did.
Mehri is a Certified Chi Enviro specialist. CHI Enviro American Smoothing Treatment is a revolutionary safe treatment. It eliminates up to 95% of frizz while making curly hair more manageable. It instantly adds amazing shine, silkiness and condition to the hair. The results of this safe alternative to traditional harsh straightening systems are amazing. The system safely smoothes frizzy, curly hair into beautiful, soft and silky hair. When the powerful, yet gentle, formula is combined with heat from the CHI Iron and dryer the hair is bonded, providing incredible results.
Kiwa Plantain chips are yellower and crispier than any other plantain chip you will ever see or taste! The chips are produced with Maqueno, a variety that can only be found in Ecuador and some parts of Colombia. It has more Calcium and Protein than other plantains. Kiwa, which means green in the indigenous language of the Andes mountain range in South America called Quechua, is an Ecuadorian company who passionately search out unique varieties of sustainably farmed vegetables in the fertile South American growing regions of Ecuador. Their vegetables are grown and harvested at altitudes of up to 11,000 feet and are even produced at that height to minimize cooking times. Kiwa buys directly from small farmers to whom it provides quality seeds, technical assistance, direct financing and ongoing support to the local farming communities.
The Campbell-Logan Bindery, Inc. is a Minnesota corporation located in north of the metro area in Fridley. We are a family owned business that has been in operation for over sixty years.
Technical Details: Excellent Quality Doll Accessory by Adora Charisma Easy to assemble Under stroller storage Adora signature flower fabric print Perfect for Ages 2+ Product Description: The Adora Medium Shade Umbrella Stroller is printed in the Adora signature flower fabric and is easy to assemble. The handle height adjusts making it the perfect size stroller for anyone. The convertible shade and Adora printed belt will keep your Adora baby doll in place and covered. Also, has an under stroller storage unit and is perfect for Ages 2+.
This lightweight stroller from bebe care features a large extendable hood, 4 position full recline and a 5 point safety harness to keep your child comfortable at all times. The Mira DLX Stroller also folds into a compact, easy to carry item, ensuring no m
This comfortable tandem stroller is a perfect pushchair for taking both of your toddlers on a stroll. With a steel frame, this stroller is very durable, strong and versatile. This comfortable stroller has 2 folding canopies that provide protection against sunlight and UV rays. Thanks to its dual system, 2 children can travel together comfortably: the younger baby can sleep in the back seat, while the older one discovers the world in the front seat. The big basket makes it convenient for shopping or long walks. In addition, this baby buggy is easy to manoeuvre through doorways or aisles, thanks to its castors. Being lockable, the castors add to its safety. The stroller is compact, and easy to carry, transport, and store in small spaces. The trolley is suitable for children up to 15 kg each.
The Country Lambskin Stroller Liner natural wool absorbs up to 30% of its own weight in moisture without feeling wet, reducing the chance of heat rash. A natural insulator, your The Country Lambskin Stroller Liners fleece makes baby feel warmer in winter and cooler in summer.
An essential item for a growing family with twins, the Childcare Twin Nix is great for parents on the go. Featuring an umbrella folding design, steel frame, 5-point harness system & 6-wheel suspension, you'll wonder how you got around without it. Compact
This comfortable 2-in-1 pushchiar combines a baby stroller and a pram in one. With an aluminium frame, this baby stroller is lightweight, versatile and compact. The convenient and comfortable stroller has a revisable seat and can be easily transformed into a cosy pram, so your child will always find the most comfortable position to sit or sleep. This comfortable travel cot has a folding canopy that provides protection against sunlight and UV rays. The basket makes it convenient for shopping or long walks. In addition, this baby buggy is easy to manoeuvre through doorways or aisles, thanks to its castors. Being lockable, the castors add to its safety. The folding pram is easy to carry, transport, and store in small space. The trolley is suitable for children up to 15 kg.
Home New Arrivals Add to Favourites Shipping FAQ About / Contact Us ZOOM Joyoldelf Stroller Storage Bag| Stroller Organiser| Handy Tidy Buggy Bag| Mobile Phone Holder| Milk Bottle Nappy Toys Organiser, Black. Free Delivery or Rating: Other Information: F0216 Product Description: Joyoldelf Stroller Storage Bag Makes Your Life Easier! It’s versatile storage bag for your stroller, you can store a milk bottle, a cup and many nappies inside, put toys, keys and papers outside, just instal it on your buggy, stroller and your life becomes easier. Large capacity and there is no worry about no places to store items, life is so simple! Suitable for walking, hiking, shopping or other outdoor sports with stroller, it’s ideal for storing your essentials, a great gift for parents or people who has a... Less
A handy travel mate designed and engineered to keep up with your child from newborn on.Ready to roll with everything needed to keep you and your mini strolling with ease. Lightweight, umbrella chassis along with durable plush fabrics is handy for users and cosy for riders.Built to last and designed to go and go and go—with 100% premium, highest quality material.One Comfortable Ride: This stroller is loaded with comfort-inspired upgrades like an adjustable leg rest, a soft bar and harness covers.
This comfortable 2-in-1 pushchiar combines a baby stroller and a pram in one. With an aluminium frame, this baby stroller is lightweight, versatile and compact. The convenient and comfortable stroller has a revisable seat and can be easily transformed into a cosy pram, so your child will always find the most comfortable position to sit or sleep. This comfortable travel cot has a folding canopy that provides protection against sunlight and UV rays. The basket makes it convenient for shopping or long walks. In addition, this baby buggy is easy to manoeuvre through doorways or aisles, thanks to its lockable castors. The folding pram is easy to carry, transport, and store in small space. The trolley is suitable for children up to 15 kg.
Product Description Playsam Childhood Stroller - Blue - Playsam has been designing fine wooden toys since 1984. As the leading Scandinavian design company in its class, Playsam creates innovative and timeless toys that are classic and contemporary, fanciful and functional, simple and sophisticated. These are simply beautiful toys that seamlessly combine design and engineering. With Playsam's childhood stroller, you get a nostalgic yet modern design wrapped in one. Available in new brilliant and shiny Playsam colours, and packaged in a silver white box, this is the ultimate keepsake gift for the nursery!
The sporty three-wheel Stryker stroller from Childcare is the perfect lightweight solution for getting out and about. The Stryker stroller features a handy snack and play tray to keep the essentials close on hand when you’re on the go.
Hit the road with the 3 Sprouts Stroller Organiser! It keeps all your essentials organized and within reach when you are out for a walk with your bub. The 3 Sprouts Stroller Organiser is completely wipeable and has two insulated drink holders, perfect for a sippy cup, bottle or Mum’s coffee. The discreet back pocket with velcro closure offers a safe place for your mobile phone or keys. The main cargo area holds tons of stuff from that kicked off shoe, discarded sun hat or favourite snack. Plus the collapsible design does not interfere with the stroller fold!3 Sprouts Stroller / Pram Organiser – Rhino features: Dimensions: (Approx) 15 cm height x 32 cm width x 13 cm depthMaterials: 100% polyesterFill: 100% expanded polyethyleneCare instructions: spot clean only
Pet 4 Wheel Pet Stroller - Purple Need to take your small pet out for a walk with minimum hassle? You can, with the i.Pet Pet Stroller. It is sturdy, well-made, comfortable and comes with a host of pet-friendly features. Such as multiple mesh screens wit
Stroller Organizer, Chevron - insulated beverage and essentials caddy stretches to hold bottles and cups securely, while providing easy access to your most important items.
Stroller Organizer, Black - insulated beverage and essentials caddy stretches to hold bottles and cups securely, while providing easy access to your most important items.
Cantilever market umbrella. Ideal for a bit of shade in the backyard. These stylish cantilever umbrellas are ideal for extra shade, and look great in any outdoor setting. The umbrella is fitted with a heavy duty coated 8-rib steel frame, and easily folds down when not in use. The canopy winds out when needed. Features: Umbrella diameter: 3m Powder coated frame Pole diameter: 48mm Number of steel ribs: 8 Fabric Material: 180g Polyester Height: 2.3m Specifications: Brand: Wallaroo Size: 3m Cantilever Umbrella Fabric weight: 180gsm Polyester Frame: Steel Overall Height: 2.8m Unit Weight: 14kg (Gross Weight) Storage: Fold-able design Colour: Beige Diameter: 10*18*0.5mm (Rib diameter) In The Box: 1 x Cantilever umbrella 1 x Base (no weights) Cantilever umbrellas require at least two concrete... Less
Pet 4 Wheel Pet Stroller - Green Need to take your small pet out for a walk with minimum hassle? You can, with the i.Pet Pet Stroller. It is sturdy, well-made, comfortable and comes with a host of pet-friendly features. Such as multiple mesh screens with
Pet 4 Wheel Pet Stroller - Blue Need to take your small pet out for a walk with minimum hassle? You can, with the i.Pet Pet Stroller. It is sturdy, well-made, comfortable and comes with a host of pet-friendly features. Such as multiple mesh screens with
Hit the road with the 3 Sprouts Stroller Organiser! It keeps all your essentials organized and within reach when you are out for a walk with your bub. The 3 Sprouts Stroller Organiser is completely wipeable and has two insulated drink holders, perfect for a sippy cup, bottle or Mum’s coffee. The discreet back pocket with velcro closure offers a safe place for your mobile phone or keys. The main cargo area holds tons of stuff from that kicked off shoe, discarded sun hat or favourite snack. Plus the collapsible design does not interfere with the stroller fold!3 Sprouts Stroller / Pram Organiser – Elephant features: Dimensions: (Approx) 15 cm height x 32 cm width x 13 cm depthMaterials: 100% polyesterFill: 100% expanded polyethyleneCare instructions: spot clean only
enso 3M Garden Umbrella Cantilever Outdoor Shade It’s an outdoor umbrella with a difference. The Luxo Penso Cantilever Umbrella is ready to throw some shade and protect you this summer! Featuring an elegant UV-resistant fabric top spanning 3m in diameter/ the Outdoor Umbrella utilizes a cantilevered side post to allow maximum useable space under the shade. Opening and closing is also made quick and easy with a user-friendly crank system and can be stored away with minimum fuss. Not least/ the entire steel frame is power-coated/ whist the steel base can be readily bolted in place or weighted down. Comes in black color/ get yours today for an enjoyable time in the sun! Features: High quality outdoor umbrella for deck/ backyard/ beach and swimming pool Durable steel construction frame and... Less
Home New Arrivals Add to Favourites Shipping FAQ About / Contact Us ZOOM Playsam Childhood Stroller - Pink. Shipping Included or Rating: Other Information: 22225 Product Description Playsam Childhood Stroller - Pink - Playsam has been designing fine wooden toys since 1984. As the leading Scandinavian design company in its class, Playsam creates innovative and timeless toys that are classic and contemporary, fanciful and functional, simple and sophisticated. These are simply beautiful toys that seamlessly combine design and engineering. With Playsam's childhood stroller, you get a nostalgic yet modern design wrapped in one. Available in new brilliant and shiny Playsam colours, and packaged in a silver white box, this is the ultimate keepsake gift for the nursery! Brand: Vici Enterprises... Less
Product Description Playsam Childhood Stroller - Pink - Playsam has been designing fine wooden toys since 1984. As the leading Scandinavian design company in its class, Playsam creates innovative and timeless toys that are classic and contemporary, fanciful and functional, simple and sophisticated. These are simply beautiful toys that seamlessly combine design and engineering. With Playsam's childhood stroller, you get a nostalgic yet modern design wrapped in one. Available in new brilliant and shiny Playsam colours, and packaged in a silver white box, this is the ultimate keepsake gift for the nursery!
We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Learn more here. x
Steinitz Bach Players was founded in 1968 by Paul Steinitz in the most important musical decade of the 20th century. These years saw the full flowering of British musical life post WW2. London Sinfonietta, founded the same year, rolled back the boundaries in contemporary music and the influence of Britten and Pears at Aldeburgh was at its height. A golden generation of singers graced our stages...and Steinitz was advocating period-style playing on original instruments. A new orchestra was born.
With its historic Bach achievements under Steinitz well-stocked, the Steinitz Bach Players today plays a pivotal role in the annual London Bach Society Bachfest, appearing in concerts of the major works, cantatas or chamber music either self-directed or with a guest conductor, joined by a stellar assembly of the very best musicians. Their achievements include the UK première of a newly discovered Bach Aria in 2005 and the UK première of Bach's St Matthew Passion in its early version presented in 2013.
This year marks 400th anniversary of the Thirty Years’ War (1618-1648) and 100th anniversary of the end of WW1. The fall-out of both profoundly influenced cultural life in their succeeding decades – for Bach and his compositional style and for the new British Bach revival that gathered momentum post 1918 and in which the London Bach Society has played a seminal role.
In remembrance, our programme 'Out of conflict…peace' runs the gamut of human emotion, from fear and hope in Cantata 60 to unalloyed joy in the first Brandenburg as only JS Bach can create it and performed by some fabulous musicians of today.
This concert celebrates the 50th anniversary of Steinitz Bach Players and is part of the London Bach Society's 28th Bachfest
Disclaimer: We endeavour to supply full and accurate information but cannot be held responsible for any errors.
By continuing your visit to this site , you accept the use of cookies to provide content and services best suited to your interests.
THE People’s Republic of China donated police patrol cars to Myanmar in Nay Pyi Taw yesterday with Union Minister for Home Affairs and for Immigration and Population Lt-Gen Ko Ko in attendance.
Chief of Myanmar Police Force Police Maj-Gen Zaw Win and Chinese Ambassador Mr Hong Liang signed the agreement on the handover of the cars.
During Chinese Premier Mr Li Keqiang’s visit to Myanmar in 2014 he pledged to provide police patrol cars at a future date. So far China has donated over 245 pickups, 135 trucks, 120 saloon cars and five dump trucks, totaling 505 vehicles altogether worth 99 million yuan (US$ 15.483 million).
2Myanmar-China Oil and Gas Pipeline Project donated Medical Equipments for Hospitals along the Pipeline of Northern Myanmar
China has sent its sixth medical team to South Sudan. The 15 doctors will stay in the country for a year, to provide much-needed training to local health workers. China says it’s working to build stronger ties with South Sudan. Sending the doctors is another indication of Beijing’s ongoing commitment to assisting the African country. CGTN’s Patrick Oyet reports
Thousands of residents in South Sudan’s northwest received a most welcome treat. A Chinese medical team recently pitched camp in the town and offered free clinics in the town which is currently suffering a shortage of facilities and medical supplies. Here’s Leslie Mirungu with more
Thousands of residents in South Sudan’s northwest received a most welcome treat. A Chinese medical team recently pitched camp in the town and offered free clinics in the town which is currently suffering a shortage of facilities and medical supplies. Here’s Leslie Mirungu with more…..
China’s first medical team dispatched to earthquake-hit Nepal left Chengdu, southwest China’s Sichuan Province on Monday morning to participate in medical aid in Nepal for 10 days.
The members of the 58-people team are from health departments including the provincial health and family planning commission, People’s Hospital of Sichuan Province and Huaxi Hospital of Sichuan Province. They were trained under 4,000-meter high plateau environments, say authorities.
“This is the first team that the Chinese government organized. It is also the largest team with staff that cover all aspects of medical needs,” said Deng Shaoping, deputy leader of China’s medical team.
Besides professional and experienced medical staff, the team is also equipped with special vehicles, hyperbaric oxygen chambers and mobile hospital equipment that can acclimatize to the plateau terrain in Nepal.
“At present, we plan to go to Kathmandu where the altitude is not that high. But we may transfer to mountainous and plateau areas depending on the needs of the injured,” said Deng.
The Chinese government has pledged to provide $3.3 million in humanitarian aid to Nepal, according to the Ministry of Commerce on Sunday. It has already sent a 62-strong China International Search and Rescue Team to carry out humanitarian mission following a massive 8.1-magnitude quake rocked Nepal on Saturday.
Three helicopters and a medical team from the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) continued aid efforts in the quake-hit Nepal on Thursday.
Their missions to help with local transportation and rescue will continue for days, according to the PLA’s Chengdu Military Area Command, which provided the three helicopters.
As of Thursday morning, the military helicopters had transferred more than 300 quake victims and brought nine tons of relief goods to the local Nepalese.
Each member of the disinfection team carried a 15-kg sprayer on back, went into narrow streets, and conducted epidemic prevention.
So far the team has disinfected 68,000 square meters in Kathmandu, and tested over 50 water and food samples.
A toal of 160 armed police officiers and 56 engineering machineries entered Nepal from southwest China’s Tibet Autonomous Region on Sunday to aid earthquake relief there. Their first mission is to reopen the road section connecting China’s border pass of Zham and Kathmandu, the Nepalese capital.
After decades of civil war, the Democratic Republic of Congo is still riddled with landmines. Now Chinese engineers as part of the United Nations peacekeeping mission are working to clear parts of South Kivu province to continue building roads. In the final part of our special series from eastern DRC. CCTV’s Clementine Logan joined them on a mine sweeping exercise.
A Chinese firm carrying out the construction of Nigeria’s first standard gauge railway line has started training for local railway personnel to prepare them for the operation of the rail as the project nears completion.
Every year China sends a medical team to Ethiopia to assist in the health sector.The medical relationship has existed for over 40 years now. For the individual doctors who accept the task, it is big sacrifice that they confess is worth taking. CGNT’s Coletta Wanjohi reports.
China on Wednesday officially handed over the first batch of 100,000 bags of relief food to Kenya for distribution to hunger-stricken citizens.Speaking during the handover ceremony in Nairobi, Chinese Ambassador to Kenya Liu Xianfa said the consignment of rice is part of the 450,000 bags that Beijing pledged as food aid.
China’s ambassador to Kenya, Liu Xianfa, has officially handed over a modern research centre to the Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology. The project, funded by the Chinese government, cost nearly 30 million dollars. Let’s take a look.
Zimbabwe’s moves to increase trade and economic links with China has led to a significant increase in Chinese imported auto sales over the past six months. The rising popularity of Chinese vehicles has seen them overtake more established international brands.
Chinese massive investments in Africa have helped create millions of jobs in the continent, accordingly ranking china as number one biggest foreign job creator in Africa.
The government of Mali has entered a US$11bn-worth contract with Chinese companies to help in boosting Mali’s economy and service delivery to its citizens. The signing, which was apprehended in Tianjin, China during the World economy forum, will see the country upgrade the already existing railway linking Mali to Senegal.
The railway construction project, which begins in a year’s time, will be undertaken by two Chinese civil engineering companies namely China Railway Engineering Corporation and China Railway Construction Corporation. The two companies now have one year to submit detailed proposals to see Chinese banks fund the projects in the involved countries.
In details, the railway project will involve the upgrading of the existing 1230km meter-gauge line from Dakar – the capital of Senegal – to Bamako in Mali, a project estimated to cost US$1.5bn. This railway construction will be rehabilitated by the china Railway construction corporation.
Workers on Tuesday started building piers for a bridge in Yuanjiang County of southwest China’s Yunnan Province, which is a big step in the construction of a railway that connects China with Laos.
The Yuanjiang Bridge spans over the Yuanjiang River. Once completed, trains will be able to travel from Yunnan’s Yuxi City to Mohan City before entering Laos.
It is designed to be 832.2 meters long and supported by six piers, with the tallest 154 meters. The total span of the bridge girder is 249 meters, a world record.
“This Yuanjiang Bridge is more than 300 meters long from the NO. 0 pier to the closing point. To guarantee construction precision, we will use a series of new technologies, including BIM (Building Information Modeling), some GPS measuring techniques and some advanced equipment, including three-dimensional lifting jack, vertical and horizontal scanning correction devices, and so on. The use of all these new technologies and devices guarantees that the error of closing will be within 5 millimeters,” said Xie Lu, chief engineer of the fourth branch of Yuxi-Mohan railway from China Tiesiju Civil Engineering Group Co.,Ltd.
Construction of the bridge started in April 2016, but the depth of the river valley and the wind speed all posed great obstacles for the job.
“The main pier is supported by 35 pillars each with a diameter of 2.5 meters and a foundation as deep as 75 meters. That is to say the foundation has to be 75 meters in depth. This is a key point in our construction,” said Zhu Pinghua, chief engineer of the project department of Yuxi-Mohan railway China Tiesiju Civil Engineering Group Co.,Ltd.
With the girder designed to weigh 120,000 tons and beams 21,000 tons, the girder base will support roughly 150,000 tons of weight, when there is no train traveling. In addition, the geological condition underground is very fragile.
To cope with the difficulty, each two steel tubes of the girder steel structure are welded together in an X shape, a new method created by China to reduce extra weight, according to researchers.
Aerial view of under-construction China-Laos railway. The railroad, using Chinese technology and equipment, is expected to turn land-locked Laos to a land-linked country.
Since the start of the 21st Century, Africa has experienced a significant boost, especially the poorest countries on the continent.
With the exception of South Africa, the countries of Sub-Saharan Africa achieved annual growth rates of 6.2%. By comparison, that is twice the growth rate seen in Latin America during the same period of time.
New subway cars designed and manufactured by a Chinese company are undergoing tests and will be ready to take passengers in Boston by the end of this year.
YANGON, June 30 (Xinhua) — The 55th Myanmar Gems Emporium has concluded in Nay Pyi Taw, selling 423.118 million euros (495 million U.S. dollars) worth of 5,259 jade lots, the official Global New Light of Myanmar reported Saturday.
Also, 2.598 million euros (3 million U.S. dollars) worth of 341 pearl lots and 1.379 million euros (1.6 million U.S. dollars) worth of 69 gems lots were sold under open tender system at the 10-day annual gems emporium held from June 20 to 29.
Licensed and authorized buyers from both home and abroad included those from China, Thailand, Canada, Australia and the United States, of whom majority are from China.
About 61 exhibition booths displayed rough jade and gems, cut and polished gemstone as well as special sale booth for pearl lots.
Sponsored by the Ministry of Natural Resource and Environmental Conservation, Myanmar gems emporium has been held annually since 1964.
Reds Go Green (2009): This Chinese Company have built an environmentally friendly car – but will it catch on?
As a consultant in the electric vehicle and solar world i have made a video about the electric car market in China, showing the manufacturing and the EV’s in the street.
Let’s face it, over the years Chinese car manufacturers weren’t associated with unique design, cutting-edge technologies and perfect build quality.
However, these days seem to be long gone, especially on the all-electric sports cars market. We invite you take a look at the EVs that might soon be racing on the streets, but you never would have thought to be made in China. Enjoy the ride!
For more and more RVers, especially Full Timers, having a computer on board (usually a laptop) has become a necessity rather than a splurge. Checking and sending emails has become almost a daily ritual for a large number of RVers.
At first, many RV parks added a modem connection in the office for park guests to use for sending/receiving emails. Some RV parks added an Ethernet port from their office computer system to provide a faster Internet connection. And, now, more and more RV parks are finally getting on the wifi bandwagon to answer the RVers' ever-increasing thirst for faster and more convenient Internet access.
Many RV parks still only provide a wifi hotspot in either the office or club house, if they have one. However, in the past two years, many RV parks have listened to the desire of the RV crowd and have started setting up wifi systems that can be used from just about any site in the RV park. (Hooray!) It is so nice to be able to sit in your RV or outside at the picnic table to check your emails, send replies, and even do some "surfing."
To many RVers, including us, those RV parks that insist on charging as much as $6/day for Internet access leave a very bitter taste in our mouths—and we usually do not return to those parks. Conversely, when we find a park with good wifi coverage at no charge— and good Internet connectivity—we smile ear-to-ear, enjoy our laptop, and always take the time to thank the manager for providing us with wifi.
The uses of a computer in your RV can go beyond simply sending and receiving emails. Many RVers hook up their computers to a GPS system that tells them where they are and how to get to their destination. For Full Timers and Extended Timers, the computer provides them with the ability to do on-line banking and, often more important, on-line bill paying.
With the advent of faster Internet connections at many RV parks, personal computers are being used for more and more tasks—such as updating a personal web site or blog, or sending pictures to family and friends.
Laptop computers are, by far, the computer of choice for RVers. They are small, light in weight, and have just as much computing power and hard drive storage as the big clunker that most of us have at home.
We have found that also having an Inkjet printer, integrated with a flat-bed scanner (we us it as a copier), and a card reader for our digital camera memory cards has been an invaluable asset as we travel.
Because the current crop of computers provides so much bang-for-the-buck, it is really not practical to upgrade an older model laptop computer. In today's market, you can buy a fully functional laptop anywhere from $500 to $1,500, with almost equivalent features and functionality. Visit two or three major electronic stores, and browse the Internet, before you make a choice.
It is just about impossible to find a new latop that comes with Windows XP (too bad). Windows Vista is the operating system that comes with almost all new computers these days. Being new, Windows Vista is still full of glitches, and the User interface is vastly different from the now familiar Windows XP operating system.
Try to find a laptop that comes with Windows Vista Premium and not Windows Vista Basic. (Yes, the new Windows Vista operating system comes in four different versions.)
The jordans 2018 gives us the opportunity to purchase select Nike LeBron 15 PE the LeBron wears on the court. These PEs are some of LeBron’s favorites that celebrate storied silhouettes, reimagined on the LeBron 15 and crafted to step on the court in 2018.Beginning tonight, LeBron James will showcase a number of Player Exclusives of the Nike LeBron 15 signature shoe inspired by iconic sneakers of the brand’s past as well as the personal heroes that have driven the 3-time champion to immeasurable success.Dressed in a Black, Safety Orange, Dark Grey and Wolf Grey color scheme. This Nike LeBron 15 sports a Wolf Grey upper paired with Darker shades of Grey on the midsole.
Nike Air Jordan 2017has announced launched #LeBronWatch, a social media campaign that will allow fans to purchase select Nike LeBron 15 PE shoes through the SNKRS app the minute James wears them during a game.After unveiling a new Waffle Trainer-inspired version of the Nike LeBron 15 in last night’s game against the Pistons, Nike releases more news regarding its upcoming LeBron James Watch program. As an athlete that was greatly inspired by his NBA predecessors, and other great sports stars of our time, the program focuses on special PE colorways that pay homage to the elite athletes that have inspired him at some point during his rise to fame.White laces, Orange accents and a Black rubber outsole completes the design.
Coming in a clean theme, this Cheap Adidas Yeezy Boost comes dressed in a Black and Metallic Gold color combination. Across the uppers is Black while the same shade lands on the tongue, laces, midsole and outsole. The highlight of this pair is EQUALITY embroidered on the heel in Metallic Gold. Completing the look is Gold used again, this time landing on the Nike Swoosh.Allegedly reserved for practice, this elaborate LeBron 15 features a white Flyknit upper with intricate rococo embroidery in gold, emerald green and red. A white sole unit keeps the focus on the detailing, while gold-tone zippers and lace tips add to the indulgence.
The Jordan Shoes 2017 marks LeBron James’ 15th signature baskeball shoe. The initial release date for the LeBron 15 took place during October which first landed on October 17th for $185. As for the technology, they are constructed with a new Flyknit called Battleknit along with Max Air and Zoom Air. Designed by Jason Petrie and comes with a sock like upper, here you will find the latest Nike LeBron 15 releases including prices and the latest images.
1) We wanted to present an official example of how EnVision was intended to be used as Pearson wrote it.
2) We wanted an interactive Professional Development presentation that would be interactive and have real feedback from our colleagues that were teaching Math day in and day out.
3) We wanted everyone who attended this session to walk away with something both useful and tangible. This tangible item being common website for all of us to use.
Thank you for attending and being part of the discussion. We appreciate both our feedback and your input. Please contact us if we can help!
This is a placeholder page for Suzette Grass, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Suzette Grass.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Suzette Grass. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Suzette Grass. We created this page automatically in hopes Suzette Grass would find it. If you are not Suzette Grass, but are an alumni of Bourgade Catholic High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Bourgade Catholic High School	of Phoenix, Arizona
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BPB, Affin Hwang Investment Bank Berhad wishes to announce that Boustead Rimba Nilai Sdn Bhd (“BRNSB”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of BPB, had on 30 October 2017 entered into a sale and purchase agreement (“SPA”) with the following parties for the acquisition of plantation assets as described below:
The SPA involves the proposed acquisition by BRNSB of 42 parcels of leasehold plantation lands located in the Districts of Labuk and Sugut, Sabah measuring a total of 11,579.31 hectares, inclusive of all buildings, agricultural equipment, machineries, vehicles and other amenities located at the properties for a total cash consideration of RM750 million, subject to the terms and conditions contained in the SPA (“Proposed Acquisition”).
BASTROP, Texas - One of the industry's fastest growing camouflage companies, Cedar Creek Camo is welcoming hunters and sportsmen to its new Facebook page for regular news and updates about the revolutionary 3-D camouflage apparel. Hunting's "original cedar camo" is featured at
"We're very excited about the ability to share information about Cedar Creek Camo through the Facebook network," says James Reynolds, co-owner of Cedar Creek Camo. "Cedar Creek Camo is the most practical camo ever created, and it was carefully designed by hunters to maximize concealment in the country we hunt. We welcome all of our new Facebook friends to see and experience the original cedar camo."
Located near Bastrop, Texas, Cedar Creek Camo offers a full line of 3-D camouflaged apparel, The all-new Cedar Creek Camo pattern was in development for more than three years and carefully designed by seasoned hunters to bring to life the illusion of the busy cedar country. The unique 12 earth-tone, year-round color palette creates a realistic 3-D effect which maximizes concealment in a wide variety of hunting environments.
Cedar Creek Camo is available via an online store and through a growing family of retailers, including Buc-ee's stores throughout Texas.
Located near Bastrop, Texas, Cedar Creek Camo offers a full line of 3-D camouflaged apparel. For more information on Cedar Creek Camo and for distribution opportunities, visit www.CedarCreekCamo.com.
by J. Christopher Rutherford, Grad. Student; School of Engrg., Univ. of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand,
The Tarawera River, New Zealand, receives effluent from two paper and pulp mills and exhibits a very high rate of deoxygenation. Attempts have been made to predict water quality in the river using the Streeter-Phelps and various other first order models but none of these can successfully predict the observed concentrations of dissolved oxygen. Investigations of the biological activity in the river have indicated that biomass accumulates in the river sediments and that aerobic metabolism of these organisms on the organic matter in the overlying waters causes the high rate of deoxygenation. A stratified mathematical model is described which uses the Monod equations to predict the rates of growth of bacteria and protozoa in the river sediments. Chemical analyses of the mill effluent are used to formulate a theoretical multisubstrate system that predicts concentrations of dissolved oxygen successfully at varying rates of flow.
Subject Headings: Water quality | High-rise buildings | Dissolved oxygen | Hydrologic models | Rivers and streams | Effluents | Oxidation | Sediment | New Zealand | Oceania
The IUPUI Center for Earth and Environmental Science was established by the Department of Earth Sciences in 1997 and in 2010 was named an IUPUI Campus Signature Center, an initiative of the Office of the Vice Chancellor of Research at IUPUI. CEES is also sponsored within IUPUI by the School of Science with additional support from the Department of Earth Science.
CEES is a proud Ambassador of Weather Ready-Nation, a program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
You will require hours and hours to explore our free Marsha Lord Sex Tube. This is the place where you will always find HD Redhead Porn Videos to your hot taste!
Clip Art Vector of drawing of cup of coffee on blackboard from chalkboard ornaments vector free , source:www.canstockphoto.com
So last month we announced that we will be closing down our little gym in Woolston.. on the day that...
What could be better than bouldering this school holiday? How about bouldering with an Uprising coach or unlimited kids climbing...
Members hours 7am-10pm every day. Non-members can use facility until 10pm as long as they enter during staffed hours:
You’re chargeable for your self and you should remember that your utilization of This page constitutes acceptance of our Conditions of Use.
They REFUSE to suitable an electrical code violation-- my outlets during the kitchen area happen to be accepted to get replaced with frequent plugs but they say It is really an improve to go GFI. I've disputed this and experienced 3 calls to consumer service that transfers me to a lifeless supervisor's extension, I can not go away messages, and they won't simply call me again.
This Users Projects site may be the destination to share your initiatives with fellow collectors in words, photographs, and video clips. Notify them what labored and what failed. Share your ideas and approaches.
Very first American Household Guarantee is a pacesetter in the home guarantee business, proudly serving homeowners for more than thirty many years. Our thorough designs safeguard homeowner’s budgets from unexpected bills because of usual have on and tear of a home's big devices and appliances.
Been undertaking perform with kelly for a very long time . By the due date great perform and very courteous .I extremely advocate him
Distributing a assert was also extremely easy and so they ended up pretty swift to reply. They contacted me the following day and we scheduled a time for several days just after. The technician took care of all of our problems, and was very polite and beneficial. We had been really pleased General with the entire support.
I'm pretty happy with the repair Cyrus did to my Cuckoo clock! It is wonderful to have it working once more. He does superb get the job done which is reputable. I remarkably suggest this store.
In case your browser won't question you, test these actions: At the top of the Chrome window, near the World-wide-web handle, click on the green lock labeled Secure.
It is Performing much better than at any time. He tells you upfront that He'll contact you Whenever your clock is prepared for get and that it could be a several months. To me, it was effectively definitely worth the wait around and clocks are handled with treatment. Stepping into more info his store is just like stepping back in time with each of the magnificent clocks everywhere you go. When it's the perfect time to chime or Regardless of the seem, it is actually magical to listen to.
Don't just was the service excellent, but Cyrus repaired my clock although I waited with treatment and precision. The shop alone was magical and For anyone who is Blessed sufficient being there at the best time, you can hear the clocks chime the hour.
The city of Lengthy Beach front's eyesight is usually to be by far the most bicycle-pleasant city metropolis inside the country. The city of Long Seaside has five important Course one bicycle paths (individual off-highway bicycle paths) within just its boundaries, encompassing around sixty miles (97 km).
2015 Toyota Camry - wiring tastier compared to peanut butter I put to the traps within the garage. Expense of repair was $167 for labor to splice the wires to headlight.(Rock Hill, South Carolina)
I first read about Very first American from air conditioning service Santa Rosa my daughter-in-legislation and I bought it so I could get appliances fastened in my residence. I checked into it and so they seemed fantastic, and I always had a very good knowledge with them. But I'm not proud of them at this moment due to the fact they've been out 2 times to fix my ceiling admirer and they have not fastened or replaced it.
src="https://canary.is/dist/images/multipack-indoor-security-3.jpg" />Go assortment is continually being optimized. Products and solutions are included and eliminated for a great deal of factors, nevertheless the main reason is to point out products that we are 100% certain we could produce in the promised timeline.
Simply how much bandwidth your camera uses is dependent upon quite a few elements. A number of the issues involve image resolution and no matter whether your camera information everything or only clips activated by movement or sound.
This can provide you with a big home security gain—a chance to remotely Regulate lights, doorway locks, and also your security cameras. You can also program your technique to spice up security actions any time you’re out of city or all through the vacations when plenty of offers are shipped.
Ring.com is an easy, easy to use software that hooks up on your doorbell camera. It can be proprietary so you will need to use their camera. You will discover studies in the camera only recording persons strolling absent, staying established off by cars and trucks driving by or not loading.
Indoor security cameras don’t should be very as difficult as those you install outside the house, but they need to be unobtrusive. Many individuals hunt for indoor cameras intended to complement their home’s décor.
Immediately after viewing product detail pages, search listed here to search out a straightforward technique to navigate again to web pages you are interested in.
A different consideration is the number of cameras as part right here of your surveillance camera method. The more units over the network, the more knowledge they’ll use. If you have caps in your Net details usage, make sure you understand how your security camera(s) could affect your month-to-month bill.
If home automation is something that matters to you, hold this in mind when selecting your security camera.
There’s no explanation to Restrict the strength of your camera surveillance technique to visuals only. Some security cameras have both equally audio and motion alerts, which give additional security. But these cameras generally let You merely hear in and don’t accommodate two-way audio.
m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that working day and arrive two company times afterwards. When your get is put following the eleven a.m. PST cutoff time, We are going to do our best to procedure it the same day but might require an extra day.
We do not provide on Sundays, but do from time to time deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier which is providing your buy. The obvious way to identify the date of shipping and delivery is to check the status in My Account .
Resolution defines how crystal clear the graphic out of your camera are going to be. A clearly seen impression is quite valuable when trying to recognize faces or you could try these out merchandise in the photographs your camera records.
Home surveillance cameras that stream online video and ship alerts through email and text can expend a lot of details on your own home community.
Below Full Report are the most beneficial stand-on your own out of doors cameras we researched. The cameras In this particular chart are wall-mounted cameras and may be monitored by means of on-line applications. Not all data is obtainable for all cameras.
For both of those different types of security cameras, Observe how they’re driven and think about the proximity of an influence supply whenever they don’t run on batteries. The very last thing you require can be a useless security camera when it issues most.
This is a time where going to another country is no longer a problem. With the right amount of money and the legal work you can go to any country in the world. At the same time, becoming a citizen of another country has also become easier than before. It requires more work than merely travelling to another country but becoming a citizen of another country is something possible to do now than before.
You should always know that becoming a citizen of another country is a luxury offered to you only if you follow certain laws. There are several ways in which you can enter a country and try to get their citizenship.
Most of the people find it easy to enter the country on a student visa. However, this requires you to have certain educational qualifications as you will only be accepted to a university to follow a certain diploma or a degree if you have the relevant qualifications. You also have to bear the cost of living while you are there and also cover your educational expenses. Most people enter the country as students and later find a job there and work towards becoming a citizen step by step with the help of best immigration law firm. When you are entering a country as a student the steps you have to follow to become a citizen are going to be a lot.
There is another group of people who enter a country as professional workers. They enter the country because of the experience and the qualifications they have as certain professionals in the working field. Different countries have programs to accept different professionals. Once you go there you can work slowly to become a citizen. Being someone who holds a working visa is going to be an advantage at that time as you have already proven your value by working for that country offering your professional service to them.
If you are someone who has money to invest you can use immigration consultant Hong Kong option and get the citizenship. There are programs in different countries to attract more investors. If you agree to their terms and do some investing in their country you get to have their citizenship in return.
All of these methods require careful planning and a lot of commitment from your side. That is why most people choose to work with an experienced firm which deals with such migration work. That way you know you are taking the right steps at the right time.
This is an example widget to show how the After-Entry sidebar looks by default. You can add custom widgets from the widgets screen in the admin.
Jill's sick and Keziah's chillin. That leaves Dave to hold down the fort. Obama disses Jimmy Carter and the Republican's MILF is scary. Still not voting Green? Not everyone will be voting for Dave for Teacher of the Year. But the emphasis was on...
Dave get’s heckled, by a student. Maui is such a paradise…there’s machetes in the road, the island’s on fire and it takes an hour to get out of Kihei. We hope they’re serving jumbo shrimp at the Free Speech Zone in Denver. Uh, sorry to nitpick, but Obama’s not the first African-American to run...
More disenfranchised voters. We hate The Man. Dave rants about sunblock. That's right. Sunblock. You got a problem with that? Dave's guide to dating while broke...well, it's not exactly a guide. It's more like whining. This week - a bonus Keziah's Korner with a special guest.
Keziah's Korner kicks off this week's show, Jill ceases to exist and Where the Hell is Matt? There's nothing like a three-day rolling blackout to get one to appreciate public utilities that are not made of coconuts. And a really bad geography lesson, courtesy of Dave's students and Sheedyfrost.
Kiawe fought Dave and…Dave won. Yet somehow, that didn’t help him with the MILF’s. Obama shows his true political colors and Jon Stewart lets us down, twice. Keziah’s got a word for all you “Christians” out there. Never, never, never have phone sex with a Urologist. It won’t be pretty.
Original Jew - Jesus. Our annual Christmas Show, almost nothing but songs about Jesus. Dave and Eve's gift to the gang? Budweiser and Clamato! And we drink it! It's not pretty. We talk about Dave's balls. Big shock. Our special guest, Ben, is in the house. No Clamato for him. We talk about the new Instagram...
Special K and Dan are back in the house! And if Special K is here, you know we're talking balls. Cuz we're Ball Crazy! Our Punk folks end up missing the DRI concert tonight. Special K sees The Sessions. At least one thumb is up. And we finally get to our Top 100 Albums. Chime in!
Everyone loves high school musicals. Some seem to like them a little more than others. Stay away from Creepy Dad! Peter Pan is racist, by the way, yet we still eat the peanut butter. Melyssa is a fan of The Best Christmas Pageant Ever. Dave's Dad's on the Facebook! He's promoting his new venture out in Arizona,...
Goddamn things entered the picture in the summer of 2008, most likely brought in by the rats (which also had the run of the place). What a hellhole.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site, you are agreeing to accept our use of cookies.
Kia Ora! Welcome! A Guided Auckland City Walk embraces social history, public art and heritage architecture as well as introducing some of the retail, dining and entertainment possibilities in the inner city.
Posted by kai on Sep 11, 2008 in Business & Economics, Community & Society, Editor's Notes, How To.., News, Press Announcements | 205 comments
The following is a list of some of the lodging options within walking distance of the conference site:
Our partner is a large multi-national organisation working to tackle organised crime. It had conducted extensive interviews in-field, thorough research and desk analysis of the current trends, patterns and challenges facing five states in their efforts to address transnational organised crime. Although it had a wealth of information, it was struggling to pull it all together, get a sense of the bigger picture and develop recommendations. The aim of the partnership was to review the core information and support the development of a coherent and practical overview to help increase understanding for policy makers.
Together with our partner’s counterpart, we reviewed the data and spoke with the interviewers in understanding the difficulties that they faced. Additionally, we had several meetings with the target groups to identify the information that they required for policy development.
Drawing on the experiences and best practices from the peacebuilding and conflict transformation field, we structured the core information by looking closely at the root causes, mobilising factors and triggers of transnational organised crime. This lead into a multi-track actor and activity mapping, which provided the space to begin to explore the inter-linkages and therefore develop recommendations. The last stage was to draw upon the current lessons learned from other organisations and validate the conclusions.
Peacebuilding and conflict transformation analytical tools provided new ways of looking at a very old problem. Through exploring the different tracks (Track 1 – 3), specifically their inter-linkages as well as the differing motivations of actors on these tracks, it was possible to take steps to ensure that intervention strategies would hit their mark.
Analysing transnational organised crime in terms of root causes, mobilisation strategies as well as triggers further provided insights into the question of duration and sequencing of activities. For example, root causes change very slowly over time while quick counter measures can be deployed to minimise the effect of triggers.
The work was disseminated initially among a core group for discussion and deliberation. The conflict transformation analytical framework provided the participants with an alternative approach to understanding transnational organised crime. One conclusion was to use the methodology in future case studies. The study has now been revised and has been disseminated to a broad range of key stakeholders. It is too early to gauge how the work has been used and the subsequent impact within this broader group.
We asked project participants to reflect on the process of being made into a ‘migrant’. In part, this reflected the imposition of language of migrantification. People learned that they were ‘migrants’ through the actions, attitudes and words of others. These everyday experiences intersected with the formal categorisations of the state. One participant describes how she came to speak of herself as a ‘victim of trafficking’ after repeated encounters with those seeking to help and support her – acceptance of these terminologies becomes another test or hurdle. The claim for rights relies learning to speak of yourself in the terms of the state.
For others, the realisation of ‘migrant’ status is folded into experiences of everyday racism. A number of our participants stated that they felt they would never cease to have the status of ‘migrant’ while in Britain. This was the case regardless of formal status – more than one participant had become a UK citizen.
Yet at the same time, participants identified processes of constant and ongoing migrantification. These were not occasional or isolated incidents. Instead, movement through social space was punctuated by reminders, confirmations and barriers arising from the excluded status of ‘migrant’. For the majority of our participants, this was related to the extensive difficulties placed on the lives of those with ‘irregular status’. However, it also extended to those who had regularised their status, including those who had become UK citizens. Overall, participants described processes of becoming ‘migrant’ that were ongoing and without end.
Does it take a tragedy to question the normalisation of anti-immigrant rhetoric? – Conflict Memory Displacement on Can the public conversation on the refugee crisis be changed?
DnD sunday again! This time Im a bit more satisfied with the look. Not perfect, but it was good practice. Yay fun makeup!
Hey! I am a less advanced, mostly cruelty free, beauty-blogger. I like color, shapes and glitter. Some cats and a tiny dog might get some room in here to. Hope you enjoy! <3
Your immune system is responsible for fighting foreign invaders to your body like bacteria and viruses. It can also to destroy cells within your body when they become cancerous. Your immunity is to protect your body from infections like cold and cough, respiratory ailments, skin infections and strengthening that is essential to staying healthy. There are some natural ways to boost your immune system apart from exercising, eating right and cleanliness.
Oranges, lemons, and guavas contain vitamin C which plays an important role as a natural antioxidant in your body. It also helps the white blood cells to perform their function of responding quickly to infections. Guava contains a lot of fiber, which has a protective role against high cholesterol and heart disease.
Garlic is rich in active ingredients such as allicin that fights against infection and bacteria. Garlic has two thirds less likely to catch a cold. Chew more than 6 cloves a week that helps a 30% lower rate of colorectal cancer and a 50% lower rate of stomach cancer. Two raw cloves a day can add crushed garlic to your cooking several times a week for better results. Eat more garlic that has a breath and favors the garlic regularly that can do wonders. This helps to boost your immune system and helps to prevent heart disease. Blend a pesto with raw garlic and throw it over a pasta or bread. This makes you feel bold, with a spicy homemade immunity shot. The raw garlic, ginger, carrots and lemon are quick for system boosting.
Garlic protects you from heart disease and high levels of blood cholesterol. It has anti-inflammatory activity that fights against bacterial and viral infections. Garlic also helps to prevent cancers of different organs. Crushed garlic used in everyday cooking will keep your immune system up and running in perfect condition.
Turmeric is antibiotic and it contains vitamin B6 with a lot of minerals such as potassium, manganese, and iron. It contains curcumin, which has valuable antioxidant action and enhances the functioning of the immune system.
Almonds contain vitamin E that can affect the immune system’s ability to fight infections. Chew on a handful of almonds which are rich in vitamin E, this will keep your immune system running in smooth order.
Green tea is a source of antioxidants called polyphenols. They have the ability to destroy influenza or common cold virus. It is important you can leave the milk our because the proteins in the milk will bind with the catechins, causing it to lose its antioxidant properties. Take a little lemon or honey that can improve palatability. So, make sure that to have cups of green tea a day. It is an excellent health drink.
Vitamin C and E can be a powerful antioxidant that helps your body to fight infections. Almonds, peanuts, hazelnuts and sunflower seeds are all high in vitamin e. You can also add spinach and broccoli that will increase your intake through meals rather than snacks.
This is just like a tonic and tried natural home remedy for cold. The magical elixir works best of old wives tale. Honey has natural antioxidant that acts as a natural immunity booster. Ginger is another powerful antioxidant with antiviral properties. Ginger helps to treat digestive woes such as nausea and motion sickness. Lemon is rich in Vitamin C that has antioxidant properties. This helps to prevent common cold. Cur cumin is a spice called turmeric. Turmeric regulates the body immune system. This mixture helps to relieve from cold and can boost your immune system.
Vitamin A is colorful food that are high in compounds called carotenoids. Foods like carrots, sweet potatoes, pumpkin, cantaloupe, and squash are good.
Orange, yellow, and red colored fruits and vegetables are rich sources of beta-carotene to have immune protective action. It has different components of the immune system, beta-carotene that helps the body fight against infection. Add papaya, carrots and red pumpkins in your diet to keep your immune system running smoothly.
Flaxseed contains alpha-linolenic acid, omega – 3 fatty acid and phytoestrogens called lignans. These are important in modulating the response of the immune system. These compounds can help keep infections and autoimmune diseases away.
Yogurt is good for digestion because it contains probiotics. It can improve immune function and protect the body against common bacterial and viral infections. It is believed that the yogurt ability to stimulate the production of interferon and the component that boosts the immune system’s functioning.
Green leafy vegetables are out of compulsion. These leafy veggies are a rich source of folic acid, which has an important role in the working of the immune system. People with a deficiency of folic acid are unable to secrete the necessary quantities of antibodies that have infection-fighting properties.
Shellfish is the best to treat bacteria and infections that ruin your body. Shellfish helps to boost your immune system. These types of shellfish are packed with zinc. Zinc doesn’t have much attention with many other vitamins and minerals. This has the elements that can heavily affect our immune system. Zinc is much attention with other vitamins and minerals, which have an element, can heavily affect our immune system. Zinc is much more important to your body that immune cells can function as intended. The varieties of shellfish are high in zinc that includes crabs, clams, lobster and mussels. This is best and is recommended amount of zinc in your diet. This can actually inhibit the function of the immune system. Zinc is oysters, crab, lean meats and poultry, baked beans, yogurt, and chickpeas. Zinc appears to slow down the immune response and control inflammation in your body.
Vitamin D is must for healthy immunity. Try to avoid sunburn, not sunshine and walk every day in the outdoors.
The coconut milk will quench thirsty skin while leaving a sweet, overpowering scent. Coconut milk is prepared by boiling coconut meal in water, after that strain the solution. Let it cool for some time that it may take one hour. It forms to a thick, creamy consistency.
Coconut milk is rich in vitamin C, E, B1, B3, B5, and B6, that it is well in iron, calcium, selenium, sodium, magnesium, manganese, and phosphorous. It is a good source of proteins and natural oils.
Coconut milk can be used as a shampoo, conditioner, and treats for hair. It nourishes the hair, because of fatty acids that coat the cuticle of the hair. Apply coconut milk to damp hair, and then place a shower cap on your hair for around 20 minutes. Leave it for some time and lock with a shower cap. Allow your hair to absorb the coconut oil. Rinse it off with water. Here you can see how to use coconut milk for hair care with homemade tips.
Take some amount of grated coconut and put it in a muslin cloth after grating the coconut. Press the mixture to squeeze out the milk from the grated coconut. Collect the squeezed milk in a bowl.
Filter the squeezed coconut milk from the grated coconut and remove the particles of the coconut from the coconut milk.
Now, heat a pan and pour this coconut milk into that pan. Let it cook for about 3 – 5 minutes. Switch off the flame and cool it down. Freeze the milk in a refrigerator for night. It is ready to use on your hair.
Coconut milk is mixed with organic compounds. It controls hair loss. Mix 50 ml of coconut milk and a few tablespoons of camphor solution. Add them into 100 ml of water. Massage your scalp and leave it for about an hour. Rinse it off with warm water and place a towel to absorb the excess mixture. It treats bald spots as well as hair loss.
Apply coconut milk to treat hair loss by massaging the scalp. Let your scalp absorb the milk for about an hour to rinse it off with warm water. Repeat the treatment of 4 times a week.
Coconut milk is an excellent hair moisturizer even when you don’t mix it with other organic compounds. Apply the coconut milk to the hair directly that gives nourishment for your hair from the roots to ends. It takes less than 5 minutes to cover your hair. Leave it for about 20 minutes. Then, wash your hair with water and shampoo.
Coconut milk acts as a natural hair conditioner to give you long hair and greater volume. The benefits of coconut milk for hair are to use it as a conditioner. Take some drops of milk into your palm and rub your hands against the hair. Make the job easier that bends forward and let your hair hang toward the floor. Start from the roots, including the back side of your neck. Continue it on your hair to get soft, silky hair.
Coconut milk helps to treat dry scalp. Take warm 2 cups of coconut milk, but don’t let it reach boiling temperature. Dip your fingers into the warm milk, and use them to massage your scalp. Leave it for about an hour and then wash it off your hair.
It can also be used in another way. Take 2 cups of coconut milk and pour it into a saucepan. Keep it on low heat, flame and stir frequently. Take it out from the stove and leave it for about 10 minutes. Pour the hot milk into a bowl and check out the heat that you can bear. Apply the hot milk on your scalp. Then drape a towel over your shoulder to protect your clothes. It helps to remove tangles. Take a small amount of oil by dipping your finger and massage your scalp gently. Wet your hair with coconut oil. Leave it for about 15 minutes and let the milk sit for an hour. Wash your hair with shampoo to remove the remaining milk on your scalp and let it dry to get soft, silky hair.
Mix ¼ cup of coconut milk with a cup of yogurt. Add 3 tablespoons of camphor lotion. Apply this on the scalp directly and leave it for about 3 hours. Then rinse your scalp with warm water.
Prepare a cup of coconut milk with 1/8 teaspoon of black pepper, and ¼ teaspoon of powdered fenu greek. Massage the mixture on your scalp and leave it for some time. Then wash your hair with warm water.
The coconut milk is good for health, skin and hair. This helps to get natural shining and damaged free hair. Take a coconut and blend coconut milk from it. Apply his on your scalp. This helps to give a cooling sensation. Coconut milk nourishes your hair and also gives natural moisture from the roots to ends. Simply, apply some fresh homemade coconut milk and massage it for about 3 – 5 minutes. Leave it for about 20 minutes. Shampoo your hair using a mild shampoo. This helps to boost your hair follicles and helps to stimulate hair growth. This helps to treat damage, weakness, split ends and brittle hair.
Coconut milk is used in conditioners for tangled hair. Coconut milk is best, natural detanglers for your hair. Rub a little amount of coconut milk to your hair just before combing and see the tangles get more manageable. The simple thing you need to do is that you just rub the coconut milk while combing your hair on the tangles. Comb in the right through with little or no hair left on your comb. You should make sure that the coconut milk is less moderate as your hair might end up while looking greasy or otherwise.
The best way to treat your premature hair graying is by combining the best way in suffering from premature graying of hair. Take equal quantities of coconut milk and amla oil in equal proportions. Mix them well. Leave the mixture for an hour as it is. Apply this on your hair and scalp. Leave it for an hour. Rinse your hair with warm water. This is the natural best home remedy for graying hair for quick results. Premature hair graying can be controlled by using coconut milk. It helps to slow down the graying of hair. It also stops balding head.
Author Beauty Health TipsPosted on May 14, 2016 May 14, 2016 Categories Hair careTags Coconut, Dry scalp, graying, hair, Milk, moisturize
Hair greying is a very common nowadays due to several reasons. It is often associated with growing old. Premature greying of the hair is usually just a manifestation of the ageing process and in the vast majority, it is due to cosmetic problems. The greying of hair is caused by a decrease in pigmentation in the hairs. Certain drugs, herbs and supplements and conditions like thyroid disorders, vitamin B 12 deficiencies, and even smoking have been blamed. The two or more grey hair appearance is simply a sign that you’re ageing normally. Here you can find the amazing top best natural home remedies for grey hair.
Melanin: The black hair turns to white due to the chemical called melanin. The root of every hair strand is covered by a tube of hair tissue called a hair follicle which contains pigment cells. The pigment cells produce a chemical which is called as melanin that gives the hair strand its color like black, brown, blonde, red.
Genetics: Genetics and hereditary factors are important in determining the time of your hair turning to grey. Statistics show that the average age for sessions to go grey in mid 30’s, Asian is late 30’ and African – Americans are mid 40’s.
Vitamins: Hair loss is due to vitamin deficiencies. Eating right and don’t take a multivitamin, there is a chance that your hair may begin to thin and shedding earlier than normal. Take vitamin B i.e., biotin, B5, B6 and B12 and vitamin E, C and A make sure you are not anemic. So get an ample amount of protein in your diet as well as zinc and magnesium.
Hair loss: Bad food habits, pollution and improper combing lead to hair loss problems. Amino acids prevent hair loss and strengthens hair follicles. Whereas the anti-oxidants moisturize your scalp.
Lifestyle: If you are still in your 20’s and have grey strand, it’s time to get alert. You should check on your lifestyle choices to make appropriate changes. Once the hair starts greying, people quickly turn to chemical procedures and products to hide these grey stands. It is due to smoking, stress, faulty diet, nutritional deficiency, excessive use of electric dryers and hair irons.
Diseases: Hair loss can be caused by other factors, including diseases such as lupus, diabetes or alopecia which is an autoimmune disease. Medications such as anti seizure medicine, birth control, antidepressants, goat medicine and anticoagulants are a few factors that cause your hair to fall out.
General causes: Stress, worry, anxiety and inadequate nutrition lead to hair loss. Thus, the premature greying of hair results. Increased intake of fried, sour, spicy, salty and fermented foods as well as tea and coffee leads to premature greying.
Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) theory: In TCM, the organs in charge of the quality of hair are the liver and kidneys. It is said that when your kidneys are strong your hair is strong and that the quality of the hair is also known as the extension or surplus of the liver blood. If you have a liver blood deficiency. There are some more additional symptoms that include dry, dull hair, dizziness, fatigue, and pale complexion. Kidney essence deficiency may include poor quality hair, low back pain, weak bones, poor teeth hearing issues and infertility or impotence.
TCM herbal recommendations: There herbs that help to treat premature hair grey, hair loss, and split ends. The main ingredient he shou wu, is a crucial herb for treating any hair problem. It helps to strengthen the liver blood and tonifies the kidneys. The herbs chuan xiong and dang gui improve the circulation and nourishment of the blood. Circulation of the scalp is an important factor in hair quality. Shu di huang, hei zha ma, and bai shao are preferred to tonify liver blood and nourish the hair. Huang qi, ge gen and gui zhi they were ascending properties that spread the therapeutic functions to the scalp.
Curry leaves have a great aroma and gives a taste of your dish. It brings back lost pigment in your hair. These leaves give the required pigment which can retain your original hair color. Temper your groves, boil them in water and have as a tea. Simply grind the leaves and mix the paste with buttermilk or curd and have tasty treats.
Mix a handful of curry leaves with 100 ml of coconut oil and boil them together. When the leaves turn black, put off the flame and strain the oil. Store it in an airtight container. When you want to use it, take the required amount of oil and apply it to your hair daily at night and massage your scalp with fingers gently. Massage for about 15-20 minutes. After the massage, leave it overnight and then wash your hair the next morning. Use this for at least 3 months to get results.
Use buttermilk with curry leaves for premature greying of hair. People with oily hair will benefit from buttermilk curry leaves remedy. This is because they may not like to use coconut oil in their oily hair. Make a half cup of curry leaf juice into half cup of buttermilk. Boil the mixture on low flame for 5 minutes. Let it become lukewarm. Slowly, apply this lukewarm mixture of buttermilk and curry leaves on your scalp. Leave for half an hour and wash hair with lukewarm water.
Amla, Indian gooseberry is the most used ingredient in Ayurveda for all hair problems. This helps to leave alone the color of your hair! It is one of the richest sources of antioxidant vitamin C. Include gooseberry in your diet, it will help you to grow faster and prevent from greying but you will also ensure that you remain healthy too. Take amla powder that is taking gooseberries pieces and dry them in the shade. Once they dry completely. Grind them completely to a fine powder. Mix amla powder, coconut oil and fenugreek powder in a pan. Heat the pan on low flame along with the combination of amla powder, fenugreek powder and coconut oil. Switch off the flame, when you notice the oil, turning brown, put off the flame. Allow to cool a little, strain and store the oil in a container.
A recipe using sesame oil, a carrot juice and fenugreek seed that is used in South India is one of the main centers of Ayurvedic practitioners for premature greying of hair! Mix sesame oil, carrot juice and fenugreek seeds powder in a clear bottle, jar. Keep the mixture in the sun for 21 days. Apply this mixture after 21 days on your scalp and hair, which results for at least 3 months.
Ridge gourd, often called ribbed gourd which is widely used for treating premature greying of hair. It helps in enriching the hair roots as well as in restoring pigment. Take the half a cup pieces of ridge gourd and dry them out in the shade. Soak the dried pieces in coconut oil along with soaked pieces of dried ribbed gourd. Boil it on low flame till the oil gets darkened, black in color. bow, strain the oil and then store it in air tight glass jar. Use this oil to massage your scalp at least twice a week.
Lemon is rich in Vitamin C and almond oil is rich in Vitamin A. The combination of these two helps to prevent grey hair. Take 1 teaspoon of lemon juice, 2 tablespoons of almond oil and mix them well. Heat the mixture in a pan. Massage your scalp regularly with this warm oil. Apply this before going to bed and wash it off in the morning. This helps to prevent premature greying hair.
Prepare a mixture of 2 spoons of henna powder, 1 spoon of fenugreek paste, 2 spoons of basil leaves paste, 3 spoons of coffee, 3 spoons of min juice, and 1 spoon of yogurt. Mix all the ingredients well and apply this paste on your hair. It gives dark brown hair.
Soak 3-4 pods of shikakai and 10 -12 soap nut seeds in one jug of water, overnight. Boil it and store this in a bottle so that you can use it as a natural shampoo. Similarly, soak a few pieces of amla separately and boil it to use it as a conditioner. It also treats some various problems like hair greying, dullness, thinning and hair fall.
Apply aloe vera gel on your hair and it recovers you from premature hair greying. Aloe vera is a natural herb which is used for various health and skin problems. Aloe vera gel is rich in anit-oxidant and helps in many beauty problems. This is used to get a natural shiny black hair upon gel consumption or by applying it on the hair.
Carrots are rich in carotene, which is good for eyes, skin, and hair problems. Daily consumption of carrot juice or raw carrots give natural glowing skin. Carrots are good for eyesight due to the presence of the rich amount of Vitamin A. Carrots are also good for hair to get natural black hair color upon regular consumption. Take 4 -5 carrots and peel it off and then wash them. Grind them and strain the juice in a glass. Drinking a glass of carrot juice daily can overcome the problem of grey hair.
Amla is rich in antioxidant vitamin C and anti-aging properties. Fenugreek has vitamin C, iron, potassium, lysine, L-tryptophan, and alkaloids. Take 5 -6 dried amla, 1 tablespoon of fenugreek seeds, ½ cup of coconut oil. Grind fenugreek seeds to a smooth powder. Heat oil and add the amla pieces to it. Let it boil for about 5 – 6 minutes. Add the fenugreek powder to the oil. Let it boil for another minute. Remove from flame and let it cool. Strain the oil and apply it on your scalp before going to bed. Wash it off with a mild shampoo in the morning.
Onion juice has high levels of catalase, which helps in restoring the natural color of the hair strands. Lemon juice gives shine to the hair and prevents excessive oil in the hair. Take 3 teaspoon of onion juice and 2 teaspoons of lemon juice. Mix onion and lemon juice in a glass bowl. Apply this on the scalp and leave it for about 30 minutes. Then wash it off with mild shampoo. Repeat it 4 to 5 times for 2 weeks.
Black tea is loaded with antioxidants and caffeine. It adds a natural dark hue to hair and adds a natural shine to your hair. Take 2 tablespoons of black tea powder and 1 teaspoon of salt. Boil both of them for 2 minutes. Strain the liquid and wash your hair with this liquid. Let it fry for some time and make a note that don’t rinse with shampoo. Repeat it for 2 to 3 times a week for best results.
Follow these home remedies for premature graying hair depending upon your amount of grey hair you have.
Include curry leaves in your daily diet. You can also use it by boiling some curry leaves in coconut oil and strain them. After it gets cool down apply it over the scalp.
Massage the scalp with butter made out of cow’s milk. This should be applied at least two times in a week.
Avoid having refined flour and sugar, soft drinks, pastries, jam, too spicy food, hot food, chilies and oily food.
Mix a liter of yoghurt with a tablespoon of yeast. Have a bowl of this mixture before every meal, as it is effective in treating premature greying.
Take 1 teaspoon of lemon juice and add 2 tablespoons of almond oil. Mix them well and massage on the scalp regularly.
Author Beauty Health TipsPosted on May 9, 2016 May 9, 2016 Categories Hair careTags buttermilk, curry leaves, genetics, gooseberry, graying, hair, hair loss, melanin, premature
It’s hard to be a woman. So much is expected of us: we need to be the perfect wives/girlfriends, selfless moms/friends/daughters, successful businesswomen -- all while being beautiful and thin. We’d like to think that since other women face similar challenges, that they would support us in ours. We’d like to think that we’d do the same for them. But sadly, this is often not the case. We tend to compete more than collaborate. We pick each other apart with the same critical eyes through which we see ourselves. Deep inside, we think that by knocking her down a few pegs, we might not feel so deficient in comparison. But it never works. In subtle ways, Sell-Out Sisters sabotage the collective power of us all. It’s not just the mean girls who’ll throw a fellow sister under the bus.
I had just finished writing this post when I received an email forward from someone close to me. It was a perfect example of a Sell-Out Sister. The woman who sent me this has been morbidly obese for much of her life. Since she was a child, she's been ridiculed and treated poorly due to her weight, and this treatment continued into adulthood. This makes her selling out particularly sad.
OMG...this is really terrible. And I have been touting the benefits of garlic for years!!! I hope this doesn't happen to anyone I recommended it to.
For years, doctors and scientists have told us that some foods are good for us, only to be told later that they bad for us, and again they tell us that some foods are bad for us, and all the time they've been good for us... and there doesn't seem to be much proof either way to suggest what is good or bad... until now, that is.
You have been Garlic'd. Now you're it!! One rule to this game ... You CANNOT get someone who has already gotten you! So get as many people as you can! (before they get you) I got you first ... You can't get me back!
I am proud to say I am DEFINITELY not a sell-out….if, however, I didn’t watch movies that demeaned women in any way……I would be left with barely a handful of movies…so that one is a little more difficult. I also find, the older a woman gets, the less likely she is to be in competition with other women, and sees them more as allies and not the enemy. When I was younger, I tended to have more male friends as they were less catty and not terrified that I would take their boyfriends away…lol Women say “chicks before dicks” but they tend to still toss a girlfriend under the bus for a man….I’ve yet to see men break the code of “bros before hoes”……
Disclaimer: Press samples. See bottom. I knew KBShimmer has been around for awhile, but did you know the brand is turning SIX this year?! To celebrate, KBShimmer is launching a special edition, three-polish anniversary set! AND they’re hosting a beach-themed giveaway pack, including an Amazon Kindle Paperwhite with a $25 gift card, the polish set, …
Disclaimer: Press sample. See bottom. I decided over the Fourth of July weekend that I needed a palette cleanser, so on July 5, I reached for two new nail polishes in my stash for a summery pink look. Guess what? Those polishes were from Jamberry. I had no idea they make nail polish, too! I was happy …
Disclaimer: Press sample. See bottom. Pixi Beauty is doing a new thing – it’s introducing a Color of the Month every month! There’s a color for every month planned through 2014, and if I can find the darn press release that shows them all, I’ll take a picture and share it. But for now, here’s …
Disclaimer: Some press samples. See bottom. About a year and a half ago, I first tried Ofra Cosmetics Long Lasting Liquid Lipstick. My review was polite, but not favorable on the formula overall. The next time I saw the folks from Ofra, we talked about my experience and they said you know what, try one …
Disclaimer: Half press samples. See bottom. KBShimmer is back with a summer collection that’s PACKED with the glitter we know and love from the brand! “When designing our summer collection, glitter was on our mind,” KBShimmer Owner, Christy Rose, said in a press release. “We were inspired by summer treats, bold colors, and summer flowers. We translated those …
Disclaimer: Press sample. See bottom. When the LVX Summer Collection arrived at my house, I took each one out of its box and lined them up. Mainstream brands are putting out bold, neon shades, but there’s something refreshing and chic in this summer collection, which favors the brightness of lighter, more pastel shades! Let’s just …
Disclaimer: Purchased by me I spotted the new Sally Hansen Color Foil line at my local Walgreens late last week, and I stood there for a while, debating. Do I get the purple, pink, green, blue, gold…etc. etc…. or do I try one and go back if I love it? Mike and I are trying …
Disclaimer: Press sample. See bottom. Meet ‘Baby Girl’! Baby Girl is the latest shade from Pixi Beauty, “born” this month. A – what else? – “baby” pink creme, I confess this shade had me rushing into our bathroom to grab the bottle of Pepto Bismal so I could compare it. I don’t know why I …
Disclaimer: Press sample. See bottom. Earlier this week, I shared swatches of the Zoya Tickled collection! I thought I’d break them up, bookend the week with the two collections, and share the Bubbly collection today – HAPPY FRIDAY, everyone! Also, fitting that I’ve sharing THREE summer collections this week, since it’s Memorial Day weekend – …
Disclaimer: Press sample. See bottom. I’m so ready for summer. So, so ready! When I look at the Zoya Tickled collection all lined up in a row, my mind wanders. I think of time spent in my cousin’s pool with a drink in my red Solo cup, a beach ball, and the boardwalk. Does nail …
This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The service requires full cookie support in order to view the website.
This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The service requires full JavaScript support in order to view the website.
Meta-Theology denotes a meta-theoretical description of Theology. Similarly, meta-Ecclesiology means a meta-theoretical description of Ecclesiology, and it encompasses all problems of meta-theological nature. Meta-Ecclesiology – like Meta-Theology – might be external or internal. This paper represents an internal Meta-(Catholic) Ecclesiology. It touches on some new issues in the area of Ecclesiology, types of Ecclesiology, trends in Ecclesiology, and models of the Church according to Cardinal Avery Dulles (the Church as Institution, Mystical Communion, Sacrament, Herald, Servant, Community of Disciples, and Sign of Opposition). Multiplicity and diversity of ecclesiological types and trends show a richness and complexity of Ecclesiology. Consequently, one holistic (total) Ecclesiology is impossible at present. Hence, a project of an integral Ecclesiology is feasible but only as (a very useful) way of uniting the results of Ecclesiology – uniting them on a base of main ecclesiological issues or problems faced by Ecclesiology. According to Rev. M. Rusecki (1942-2012) theology today is very much fragmented and it is quite impossible to make it integrated (see: M. Rusecki, Problematyka metody w teologii, in: Tożsamość teologii, ed. A. Anderwald, T. Dola, M. Rusecki, Opole: Wydział Teologiczny Uniwersytetu Opolskiego 2010, pp. 44-47, 54-64. Rusecki presents Adolf Kolping’s idea of integrated theology – pp. 55-56). New theological disciplines and sub-disciplines arise and theologians’ specializations are becoming increasingly fragmented. They are to a lesser extent familiar with the work of their colleagues (native or foreign) and likewise with the history of Theology. The same holds true for Ecclesiology and ecclesiologists. Today in Theology (and in Ecclesiology) there are processes typical of contemporary sciences which are unstoppable. Despite negative consequences, there are some positive, too. Being so, Theology and Ecclesiology show their vitality and necessity. Theologians in their academic work explore new ways of research (including interdisciplinary ones) and have more scholar freedom than they used to, which develops their creativity.
Securing insurance to cover your debts is sound financial planning, but should you purchase a plan from the bank or an individual policy?
Life insurance companies underwrite policies offered by the banks, however, there are some important differences that I would like to point out.
Estate and succession planning are topics that are receiving significant attention. Many organizations have done studies and have published materials on the importance of succession planning, but also on the lack of it being done properly, if at all.
Reminders: If download link doesn't work, make sure to try another download link. Gekitou! Crush Gear Turbo: Kaizabaan no Chousen Returner subbed episode listing is located at the bottom of this page.
Years after an ancient evil was salvaged from the depths of the sea, Joutarou Kuujou sits peacefully within a Japanese jail cell. He’s committed no crime yet demands he not be released, believing he’s been possessed by an evil spirit capable of harming those around him. Concerned for her son, Holly Kuujou asks her father, Joseph Joestar, to convince Joutarou to leave the prison. Joseph informs his grandson that the “evil spirit” is in fact something called a “Stand,” the physical manifestation of one’s fighting spirit which can adopt a variety of deadly forms. After a fiery brawl with Joseph’s friend Mohammed Avdol, Joutarou is forced out of his cell and begins learning how to control the power of his Stand.However, when a Stand awakens within Holly and threatens to consume her in 50 days, Joutarou, his grandfather, and their allies must seek out and destroy the immortal vampire responsible for her condition. They must travel halfway across the world to Cairo, Egypt and along the way, do battle with ferocious Stand users set on thwarting them. If Joutarou and his allies fail in their mission, humanity is destined for a grim fate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
Reminders: If download link doesn't work, make sure to try another download link. JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken: Stardust Crusaders Returner subbed episode listing is located at the bottom of this page.
BK Birla Centre for Education offers its students a number of options when it comes to indoor games. From billiards and excellent skating facility to chess and the popular carrom, all games that promote team spirit and healthy competition are encouraged among students. Every day, one hour is allocated for sports with additional time in the week for swimming. Apart from this, students can opt to play any sport during their free time as well.
The campus has an international size wooden skating rink and a 25mtr swimming pool. The auditorium building houses courts for basketball and badminton. Apart from this there is an indoor games area which has two billiard tables, four table tennis tables, five carrom boards and several chess boards. It also houses the gymnasium that is available to students of Class VIII upwards.
The school offers its students a number of options when it comes to indoor games, one of them being Billiards.
BK Birla Centre for Education students are encouraged to participate in interhouse and interschool chess competitions.
The Auditorium building at BK Birla Centre houses the facilities to offer students all manner of indoor games.
BK Birla Centre for Education offers its students a number of options when it comes to indoor games and skating is one of them.
The BK Birla Centre for Education has a world-class pool on campus to train students in the basics of swimming.
The school has a well-equipped gymnasium in its auditorium building, which is accessible to senior students.
The school has six indoor courts on campus and provides students with expert coaching through the year.
Every year BK Birla Centre has a 15-day camp, Guru Dronacharya Khel Mela, where students are coached in individual sports.
BK Birla Centre has seven coaches, including visiting professors, who train students in 11 different sports.
There are four house parents — teachers — living with their family at the five hostels of BK Birla Centre for Education.
At the BK Birla Centre for Education, grooming is an important aspect of student life and they are taught to be always presentable.
Students at the BK Birla Centre for Education are encouraged to take up various hobbies and so have formed hobby clubs to develop skills that aid in their all-round development.
BK Birla Centre for Education has a wide variety of Indian and Western musical instruments where students can learn to play them and also form music bands, if they are interested.
Outdoor games such as athletics, cricket, football, basketball and horse riding form an important part of the every day activity at the BK Birla Centre for Education.
The bath can be a wonderful place to relax but it is also a great place to start a skincare regimen that you shall adhere to for life.
Although most women spend a lot of time with the face and sometimes hair, very few spend a lot of time establishing a skincare routine for their bodies. A beauty regimen should always be from head to toe. This is one of the best homemade beauty tips to adhere to. Although the skin on the body is thicker than that on the face, it still demands attention.
The homemade beauty tips you should follow for your body means that you should follow a regimen that includes cleansing, exfoliating and moisturizing.
The first if the natural beauty tips is that similar to shampoos, these shower gels and body washes contain sodium laureth sulfate which is a drying ingredient. They may feel slinky on the skin but this is because they contain silicon which simply sits on top of the skin and does not penetrate the skin, therefore shower gels and body washes do no moisturize as believed. Try a super-fatted shea butter, milk or milled vegetable soap.
The second of the homemade beauty tips is that unless you have a very good reason or are a doctor scrubbing with antibacterial soap there isn't a good reason to purchase these soaps for daily household use.
The last of the natural beauty tips is that sulfur, resorcin and tar are the medicinal substances added to these medicated soaps to treat skin conditions such as acne but are harsh on the skin. Try tea tree oil soap which also dries up acne but is not as harsh as sulfur.
For meaningful beauty, one of the homemade beauty tips is that it is important to exfoliate in order to improve the health of the body's skin. Some of the benefits include helping to unclog pores from the build up of skin scales and stimulates blood flow to the skin. This is one of the best natural beauty tips.
It is important to exfoliate the body once or twice per week. Dry brushing is the most effective and only takes a few minutes to dry brush your entire body.
Use a natural fiber brush that is about the size of your hand when your skin is dry before a bath to dry brush and you shall not need to moisturize because your skin shall be naturally soft and healthy. This is one of the little known but one of the best homemade beauty tips.
Keep the pressure firm but light. Start from the feet and work upwards in circular motions. Do not dry brush your face since it is too sensitive and tender. Do not dry brush at night since it stimulates the circulatory system which shall keep you up.
Do not leave soaps in a puddle of water otherwise your money will be going down the drain. Use a draining rack on your soap dish to make the soap last longer. You may also want to cut up the soap into halves or thirds, store the extra pieces and use as needed.
These do not offer any great benefits and can be irritating to the skin and mucus membrane. They may also lead to vaginal yeast infections. The most irritating ingredient is sodium lauryl sulfate so if you must have a bubble bath, use one that does not contain this irritating ingredient.
The more foamy a product is (body washes, shampoos, soaps), the more drying it is on the skin. This is one of the most important natural beauty tips.
Mix the ingredients together and store in an airtight jar. Scoop out when needed into the bath and soak. Lasts for up to a year.
This is excellent for those that are prone to breakouts on the chest and back because this mud bath is non abrasive.
Mix all the ingredients to form a paste. Brush or spread the paste onto your body in a dry bathtub. Allow to dry for about ten minutes and rinse off with warm water.
Place all the ingredients in an ovenproof glass container and gently heat until the cocoa butter completely melts and the oils are well mixed. Pour into a clean container and cool.
Store in a cool, dry place. I just love the smell of cocoa butter. Cocoa butter is derived from the seeds of the cacao plant and is a creamy, fatty wax that is solid at room temperature.. It is an excellent skin softener and can be used alone or mixed with other ingredients such as the recipe above.
A clot could crack off from another area from the blood vessels from the Mind, or from Another part of your body, and travel up for the Mind. This known as cerebral embolism, or an embolic stroke.Exactly what are you expecting? Order your Vimax Drugs and begin increase your final male electric power Currently! The quicker you position your order,
DIALux is known to consumers everywhere in the entire world as an expert structure software for lighting designers, architects and engineers. Yet it really is much more. DIALux would be the main marketing and advertising platform from the lights sector so that you can marketplace your products globally. Extra informationen ›In One more German res
Tour to Tough Love. Sky Sports Football - Live world dating club, scores, latest football news, transfers, results, fixtures and team news from the Premier to the Bset League. Think speed dating is just for millennials. Think again. Senior citizens looking for love are joining speed-dating events to meet prospective partners. One in ten Americans have used an quotex dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met through a dating site or app, Please do not judge my boyfriend myself or even my mom.
This happened about a year after my dad graduate student dating site Best VictoriaHearts. com (Victoria Hearts) dating site review 2017 for guys from USA. Find out is VictoriaHearts really works or it is a SCAM Cowboy Cowgirl Online Dating. Join thousands quotes on dating your best friend datig that share your love for the country 18 plus dating site of life.
FREE Profile. Aug 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;What a Fraternity Hazing Death Revealed About the Painful Search for an Asian-American Identity. When Michael Deng, a college freshman, joined an Asian. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere else online. How to Deal With Your Mother. You may feel great appreciation for your mother, quotes on dating your best friend also feel like she gets on your last yourr sometimes, too.
More like American women in general. That being said, black and white girls in particular. Quotes on dating your best friend for a romantic gift to give your husband. This fantastic list of over 50 great ideas is sure to have a few that he will LOVE to get from you. Aug 20, 2013nbsp;0183;32;We couldnt be happier to present the fourth annual list of FORBES 100 Best Websites for Women than we are today-for this year more than any other this.
Square Roots takes great pride in understanding oak in all its complexity. By selecting the best quality and most environmentally responsible suppliers they produce. The ichthys or ichthus ( ˈ ɪ k free filipino online dating ə s ), from the Greek ikhth253;s (ἰχθύς 1st cent. AD Koine Greek [ikʰˈtʰys], quot;fishquot;) is a symbol consisting of two. Hooking up has come to define sexual relationships for most yohr today's teens and young women.
It can mean anything from kissing and touching to oral sex or intercourse. Automatically formats, alphabetize, and speed dating london tonight bibliographies for free. Stretching from Belfast to Derry~Londonderry and taking in some of Ireland's most incredible sights, the Causeway Coastal Route is a true legend Dec 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Be a Great Christian Teenager. This article will help you to become a great Christian teenager; whether you are a free casual dating india or girl, this is for you… LGBTQ Community Programming.
Visit us for schedules, show descriptions, episode guides, and to watch your favourite shows, series, movies amp; documentaries. The Quotes on dating your best friend Winfrey Show was the number one talk show for 24 consecutive seasons, winning every sweep since its debut in 1986. It was produced in Chicago dating a cancer boy Harpo.
Every state regulates driver's license eligibility of persons with certain medical conditions. The most common requirement for people with epilepsy is that they be. A comprehensive guide to all things career-related, from choosing a profession to making good business decisions. This speed dating over 50 washington dc will provide you with what do you do if your best friend is dating your ex the information.
Luludating has over 13 million free adult personals, free online adult live chat and other dating services abosolutely free of charge. During the territorial and early statehood periods, Tucson was Arizona's largest city and commercial center, while Phoenix was the seat of state government (beginning. As this yiur episode explains, students face a variety of obstacles, from rising tuition rates to eating immigration laws.
Cornell Iral Haynes, Jr.better known as Nelly, is one of the most famous rappers in the world. With hits like quot;Hit in Herrequot;, quot;Dilemmaquot;, and quot;Work Itquot;, the singer. iPhone App Download from iTunes, the Ladyboydating. net app to your iPhone. Install the application quot;Skadatequot; to access the transsexual dating site. Online dating is a subjective experience, the quotes on dating your best friend approach is to sign up for multiple sites.
Dating a pregnancy can … EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. Fitness Singles is the world's largest online dating site for runners, cyclists, triathletes, bodybuilders, or any type of active singles. Crazy Ex-Girlfriend Recap: Holy Ghosted. Crazy Ex-Girlfriend had a high bar for this years opening theme - and they absolutely cleared it. FriendFin is the best International Dating Site where women Looking For men. Find your partner on this best local dating site. Registration is easy and takes less. Datehookup 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Actual examples of women's good and bad online dating profiles. Are you a foreigner looking to dating a Filipino girl or marrying one. If yes, you have to read this article, there are information here that will save you lots of. The four tables give the most commonly accepted dates or ranges of dates for the Old TestamentHebrew Bible, the Deuterocanonical books (included in Roman Catholic. The winner quotes on dating your best friend the 2017 Sydney Quotes on dating your best friend Written Journalism Award is someone very well-respected frlend the motor industry, award-winning author and motoring journalist Ian. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and quotes on dating your best friend play plus our sex-machine. 7 Date Ideas Triend Are Secretly Dying for You quotes on dating your best friend Try. Who knew you'd agree on may dating in english much. Gmail is email that's intuitive, efficient, and useful. 15 Quotes on dating your best friend of storage, less spam, ebst mobile access. Youve decided friend dating gold digger try online gay dating sites in netherlands and found yourself talking to a man that seems promising. You decided to meet and on frien first date things go great. SMC Specialty Merchandise Corporation: Start a Business for chris evans dating life. Really. (UnhappyFranchisee. The hookup los suenos costa rica Have you had any cating with ykur heavily hyped Aug 10, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Photo courtesy of Sarah Mick By Charlotte Alter Updated: August 10, 2015 2:29 PM ET The makers of the popular dating app Bumble say they have found a … Dating songs about dating a country boy an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of ex girlfriend dating ugly guy and sociology. Description of healthy vs. abusive relationships and how to identify an destructive relationship. Stephen Belafonte says Mel B is breaking the deal they struck in their divorce, and he wants a judge to drop the hammer on her. but Mel says he's full of it I was not born poor but I cant say I was born rich either. My parents are both teachers in Mooi River halfway between Johannesburg and Durban. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. Extensive esoteric archives covering Enochian and other forms of Western Esoterica. Has many texts and Grimiores online. Date and pick up Chinese girls requires a different approach than picking up western women. Chinese women are much less straight forward and they are less sensible to. The Best amp; Largest STD Dating Site amp; App for People with Herpes (HSV-1, HSV-2), HPV, HIVAIDS amp; Hepatitis. Join for FREE and meet singles with STDs Meri Durgas Srishti Jain is dating actor Anuj Pandit Sharma Srishti Jain and Anuj Pandit Sharma are in love. The duo, who have reportedly started dating, are yet. Popular searches at chinalovelink. com include the following: Dating Sites - Find the Best Dating Sites - chinalovelink.
Pn 13, quotes on dating your best friend Hyland and her new boyfriend, Dominic Sherwood, took their romance to the next level earlier this month when they got coordinating tattoos, and. Dating after the loss of a spouse or divorce can be difficult. Quotes on dating your best friend are some ways to assess if you are emotionally prepared to find love again.
Are feeling bored and are looking for something fun to do. Stay home tonight and join the party on your phone. Call the best party lines and make new friends, have. AsianDating. com is the second best dating site in Malaysia and is the one where you should spend 95 of your time. The site is part of the Cupid Media network (like. The European colonization of the Americas describes the history of the settlement youf establishment of control of the continents of dating sites for manitoba Americas by various European.
Online dating is a top ten dating sites in china experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Trans Date is the worlds best transgender dating site. If TS dating is your thing then this is the dating site for you. Find a local Ftiend to have fun with tonight.
3-1-1 is a special telephone number supported in many communities in Canada and the United States. The number provides access more dating website non-emergency municipal services. Get information, facts, and pictures about Qatar at Encyclopedia. com. Make research projects quotes on dating your best friend school reports about Qatar easy with credible articles from our FREE.
Discussion topics online dating singles over 70 for a fun and good times has never been this easy. Join now and find someone mature enough that can satisfy your every single need!, Date Over 70 Online dating. Find real local girls looking for sex or just cougar cubs dating site fun relationship.
Click on the video chat for free registration. I have been on AdultFriendFinder. Bbc matchmaking quiz for dating advice. Includes places to date, how to date online, dating after 50, and matchmaking.
Being more pricey services to distribute, the semi-dedicated web server hosting delivered by Hosting River are located in the US server farm exclusively. Being well-equipped, the semi-dedicated web server hosting services feature free of charge: (a) unmetered hosted domain support and (b) a fully featured, drag & drop web site hosting CP. This incredible combination is not supplied by any other rival corporation. The rest merely resell web space hosting CPs (cPanel, Plesk, DirectAdmin, etc.), while the website hosting Control Panel provided by Hosting River is not only cutting-edge, but it's also in-house created. The greatest thing is that, in contrast to the others, you can try the demo version: the multi-select, multi-action, point-and-click File and Domain Manager sections and the Applications Installer and Website Installer platforms.
Videos.com membership is 100% free with, no credit card needed to join! Registered members get a permanent username for our live chats, plus the ability to save unlimited videos to their private playlist. Playlist videos can be watched from any computer with an Internet connection without downloads.
By clicking "I Agree", you certify that you are over 18 years of age, and wish to view explicit adult videos. Otherwise, click on "I Disagree" to keep the Adult Filter turned on, and continue to view filtered content.
Having a good camera does not mean we can take good pictures. Some people can click good pictures with normal mobile phone cameras and some can't take even with highend DSLRs.That means its not the camera which is taking good pictures but the person behind that camera who has an eye for good pictures and he/she knowingly or unknowingly follows some rules of photography to have good results.
Awareness for professional photography has been increasing day by day and we can see that every other guy is moving around with DSLRs and testing his skills to be a good Photographer. Now a days we can also see some of our friend is changing his FB status to "Professional Photographer" after discovering his skills.
Photography is mixture of art and technique. It is not something which can be mastered within a few days or taking a few pictures. It takes long time and dedication to master this art.
We at BBDL help you to achieve that eye faster which can get you a good picture whether that is taken from a normal mobile phone , iPhone or a DSLR.On one hand we teach you technical aspects and on the other hand asthetics of Photography.
On Sunday, October 29, a capacity crowd of 30 women brought supplies to the Jewish Family Service Heldman Family Food Pantry and filled bags of food to be given out to families in need to make complete kosher and non-kosher Thanksgiving meals. The food pantry is located in Clifton, in the Jewish Family Service Barbash Family Vital Support Center on the campus of Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, and serves Jewish families throughout the region and anyone in need who lives in Clifton.
An opportunity to see one of the largest privately owned African-American art and history collections is just one reason to visit Cincinnati’s National Underground Railroad Freedom Center this winter.
Sponsors and golfers set a record for the Deaconess Associations Foundation’s 27th annual golf outing and fundraiser held in the fall of 2017.
Who doesn’t want to look their best and age beautifully? Moreover, 50 is the new 30. As we are getting healthier as a whole and our bodies are wearing better than ever before, we want to certainly look how we feel. We know procedures exist for cosmetic improvements, but we may not be aware of the many revolutionary options the medical aesthetics field holds for us to achieve those goals.
Loran and Trey’s love story began when they first met through mutual friends in downtown Cincinnati. From the moment they met, they were nearly inseparable, leading to the showcase of their love in beautiful Cancun, Mexico.
Sitting outdoors at Blooms & Berries Farm Market, we chatted casually. The idyllic weather provided a perfect backdrop for friendly conversation. “Tell me about your upcoming travel schedule,” I said. Melinda’s answer brought a transparent response of multiple commitments crowding her already overloaded calendar.
Coming to the decision that a parent, spouse or loved one would benefit from relocating to an assisted living community can be overwhelming and incredibly difficult. Then facing the challenge of finding the right community where they will be comfortable, independent and given the best possible care can be just as daunting.
Dr. Mark Mandell-Brown wanted to be a doctor since the age of four. Today, Mandell-Brown is a triple board certified cosmetic surgeon. He holds board certification in Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Body Cosmetic Surgery and Head and Neck Surgery.
Sydney and Callen form an enthusiastic couple with a passion for outdoor activities such as skiing, adventures and a heartfelt love of dogs. Their relationship began through mutual friends and an interest in live music. After five years of dating, Callen proposed during one of their favorite activities, hiking, while in one of their favorite cities, Ashville, North Carolina.
PhoDOGrapher’s 7th annual My Furry Valentine (MFV), the area’s largest animal adoption event, is a fun place to find your next four-legged family member. Sponsored by the Petco Foundation, MFV will bring together hundreds of adoptable pets to the Sharonville Convention Center February 10 and 11. “The event aims to find homes for the area’s rescue and shelter animals,” says Carolyn Evans, founder of My Furry Valentine. “All dogs and cats will be spayed or neutered, microchipped and have all age-appropriate vaccinations.”
An annual tradition is being maintained even as a months-long building restoration project at Cincinnati Museum Center’s Union Terminal moves into the final stages. The 10th annual Duke Energy Children’s Museum Difference Maker Awards ceremony will be held in February.
The Children’s Theatre of Cincinnati presents MADAGASCAR: A MUSICAL ADVENTURE February 10-19, 2018 at the Taft Theatre. Join Alex the Lion, Marty the Zebra, Melman the Giraffe, Gloria the hip, hip Hippo and, of course, those hilarious, plotting penguins as they bound onto the Taft Theatre stage in the musical adventure of a lifetime.
A decade after Alexander Donath, MD, FACS, transformed a bank building in Kenwood into his now-flourishing Cincinnati Facial Plastic Surgery practice, the renowned surgeon decided it was time to give the building an exterior facelift and fill in the first floor with additional aesthetic services. The renovation, with an expected January 2018 completion date, is cause for celebration among staff and clientele.
On a rainy, yet beautiful day in September, David Boldt and Jamie Rogers vowed to love, respect and devote their lives to one another in holy matrimony.
فيما يقترب موعد الهجوم المدعوم من روسيا في القنيطرة، تتواصل عملية إجلاء مقاتلي المعارضة ومدنيين من المنطقة الواقعة على الحدود في الجولان المحتل، بالتزامن مع إهتمام روسي بعودة النازحين السوريين إلى المناطق التي غادروها في سوريا. إهتمام لاقاه الرئيس سعد الحريري، الذي كلف مستشاره التواصل مع القيادة الروسية، للوقوف على تفاصيل المقترحات التي قدمتها موسكو إلى واشنطن، بشأن تنظيم عودة اللاجئين السوريين إلى أماكن معيشتهم. وبحسب التقديرات الروسية الأولية، فمن المرجح أن يغادر لبنان 890 ألف سوري في المستقبل القريب.
I've been debating writing this post, but at this point in my new life, I have nothing left to lose and everything to gain. At this point, Many can testify and there's no one I need approval from.
I probably won't even promote this post. This blog is 90% for me and not a service or my expert opinions.
I touched on the serendipitous meeting between Tito and I 8 years ago, but I need to break it down here. Believe it or not, this is how it happened.
You'll read in an earlier post that I was working that music director gig for Jim Beam 10 years ago watching the suits eff up their marketing with big budgets and no real relatable message that quantified into Beam drinkers. Regardless, I LOVED that job, and I loved my bands (and band boyfriends).
3 months before I found out Futurebrands were cutting music marketing for bull riding sponsorships, I woke up in the night after seeing Tito on the news talking about on his handmade vodka being distilled in a shed in the outskirts of Austin. 30 seconds or so after sitting up in the middle of the night the absolute truth about his brand and more importantly, who he was, and what needed to be done to make it all happen came straight to me. I knew he was special, his vodka was great and he could turn the industry on it's ear achieving the impossible in a business of corporate owned spirit monopolies. I still had a job at Jim beam but I KNEW what he needed to do and I wanted to help him. I had never even met the guy in person.
I also felt some strange connection to my dead father thru him, being that he was a scientist and a tenacious dreamer, even though I dated older men than him, (enter daddy complex) Tito was about 40. I was almost 30 then.
The very next day, after being awakened with the ideas for him, I went to a tequila tasting at Miguel's La Bodega in Austin and in he walks with his gorgeous pregnant wife. A friend nudges me and dares me to go introduce myself. My knees start knocking together, but I manage to walk up to him, tell him the message I have for him and make a complete ass of myself. He says he has no money and no employees and can't start paying one now. I say, don't worry...that I had a job. I just needed to tell him what I knew about what his next steps were. (3 years later, he admitted to me, he also knew who I was-someone had recommended me to him-but he still let me make an ass of myself. That's Tito)
He saves my email addess. Since he, to this day, has no computer on his desk, he eventually emails me from somewhere 3 months later that he would like to meet. By this time, I was out of that Jim Beam job, gathering unemployment and soaking up my more stable Texas life. I go see Tito, out at that shed in far south east Austin. I tell him what I think and he tells me again that he has nothing to offer me, but sure does appreciate my opinions on his business. Then, I just blurted out without thinking- “I'll help you anyway and to survive, I'll pick up some freelance jobs on the side. If you like what I do, and bring you in some cash, you can pay me someday” 9 months after taking his vodka from event to event, and telling his story, It was getting it placed into bars and in the VIP at Austin City Limits.
That November, My roommate had been gone for months working on a little movie called Sideways, so I took a break, and went to go hang on the set with her in Santa Barbra with some frequent flyer miles. That's when Tito called me back with a little offer of paid employment with Tito's Handmade Vodka. That was a year after our first meeting.
They all say it, and I believe it. (Do what you love for the love of it, even without pay....and you'll probably end up paid)
After 8 years building his company with him and the eventual other employees that joined us, I decided I missed helping at the beginnings of companies and ideas. SInce he's doing great, he's let me work on some other projects now at my little consulting biz called bellanti Branding. I have my own office, and a few clients at a time. I discovered that my visions for Tito and all of our marketing and web presence started to come for other people I talk to, and work with. Whole visions of websites, directions, messages, plans...they come to me without even thinking.
They come fast and furious and absolute. They MOSTLY come in the middle of the night, or in the moment of meeting with someone if there intentions have legs....
Maybe this is just the gift of creativity. But I must admit, I wake up in the night with the songs of Robyn Ludwick already playing in my head. Last week I was awakened with the full branding, mission, logo and message for my new pro-mutt rescue-news site. I was tired but I knew I had to just say thank you and drag myself out of bed to write and draw it out.
My acceptance of this gift is making the gift more intense and I can barely keep up now with the information. I'm wondering if there is a way now to tap more into this and do less of the day to day and just help people with answers and direction...or let them know where the pitfalls are.
It's evolving daily. That's my secret. Although I'm guessing, it's a common thing about the human condition, to be spiritually charged like this. Songwriters talk about this kind of thing a lot.
2 weeks ago on the 2nd annual Van Horn Snyder Ranch working trip, we brought our friend Kathleen along, another cowgirl badass worthy of the sometimes rugged opportunities West TX present to me and Cal.
These trips seem to coincide with particular friends who need the Snyder ranch experience for whatever personal things they happen to be going thru. It begs the questions whether we need to start some kind of re-programming girl power camp there complete with cattle drives, dirtbikes, sharpshooting, ghosthunting, texmex eating and honky tonk dancing.
We stay at Callie's spacious house in town in Van Horn and then make our way to the ranch about a half hour into more remote valleys mornings after consuming the best breakfast burritos at Daddy Snyder's shop.
He hops in the truck with us, downs a few beers and tell us some of the wildest west Texas tales we couldn't possibly ever dream up. Daddy Snyder lived them. Stuff of legend.
After a few hours of checking wells with him and soaking in the desert sun from the second tier of the quad hunting vehicle on this particular trip last month, we then went out and rounded up his ponies out roaming the land.
Daddy Snyder helped up saddle up and we started out on those horses, Just Callie, Kathleen and myself. Not 150 or so feet in to our journey, out of the sky dropped a bunch of multi colored balloons. I shit you not.
Kathleen started out full gallop to retrieve them. We could not really process the strange significance of this but Kathleen tied them to post and then seeing Callie;s horse was more “spirited” decided to switch horses with Callie. Kathleen was looking for action, and she got it. Upon returning from our rides, that horse got spooked by the balloons Kathleen went back for and threw her off right in front of us. The horse took off. Kathleen heard her arm pop, dusted herself off, shed one tear and walked back to the ranch house. I was shaken as I have a worst case scenario panic button, but Kathleen and Callie were calm. Well, actually, almost goofy. Daddy Snyder had tears in his eyes as we got in the car and headed to the ER in Van Horn. There was no one at the hospital and I joined in on the strangely silly vibe, stealing rubber gloves and stuffing them into random purses. Kathleen was bruised,potentially fractured,slinged, but NOT BROKEN. We went straight from there for tex mex dinner and brought our bottle of Tito's into the restaurant in leiu of pain pills. Later that evening we went back to our new favorite bar at the old famously haunted hotel El Capitan where we caught up with cowboys and a wayward singer songwriter who lent Kathleen his guitar for some of the most beautiful surreal moments I have ever experienced. Kathleen has somehting special going on with her music.
From there we brought those damn balloons with us to a Tejano bar still trying to prove our story to the cowboys, and since they only had beer and wine at said bar, and with me being a 100 percent Tito's girl, I danced the rest of the night instead-learning new Mexican dances with the cowboys and getting nasty stares from the local gals.
On the ride home back to Austin, we stopped at Balmorhea to heal our wounds and drove 7 hours watching the tropical storm roll in with wild cloud formations, rainbows and one hell of a sunset to be reckoned with. We are headed back in Oct. for the rodeo. Kathleen has a gig in that hotel bar , I'm going to sponsor the rodeo, and we are going to investigate the El Capitan
This is my year to travel, decompress, live for me, let my creative mind take over, stop worrying about money and ambition and HEAL.
I'm still healing from a few years of intense work related anxiety, chronic fatigue and the violence that comes with losing multiple pregnancies. I just started this blog entry to describe a more recent trip to Van Horn, TX, but I can't until I set it up with last years.
During the pain and procedure, I kept going to a "happy place" in my memory--an escape...that place being my friend Callie's ranch in Van Horn, TX. about an hour from El Paso and a little less from Marfa.
A week or 2 after that terrible experience, I wasn't leaving the house or my husband much. I was feeling very fragile and afraid. There was a terrible filmstrip re playing in my head over and over and I was paralyzed.
I mentioned my visions of Snyder Ranch to Callie and she told me she was going the next weekend and it would be good if I came along. I fought it because I felt so fragile, but Callie and my husband insisted and so I tearfully packed a bag.
This part of Texas has a certain cosmic charm that can really only be experienced. It would take an entire blog to describe the vibe of the people, the mountains, the sky, the culture. You can't help but get swept up and changed there.
Callie has a 76 year old cowboy dad who is quite legendary in those parts and it's an honor to get a few minutes worth of his witness. We usually ride around with him on one of the hunting vehicles and help check his wells on the expansive property while a few of Callie's dogs try to keep up with us and chase jackrabbits.
This particular weekend was the cattle working weekend. Callie's dad was short some cowboys and asked if we could ride.
Without thinking, we agreed. Had I really known what a 5 hour cattle drive entailed, I may have laughed and excused myself.
But we agreed to do it, so Callie's dad saddled us up with some cowboys who couldn't speak english and he put me on his best horse. At first gallup, I found myself reaching so far into my childhood riding memories just to remember how the hell I was to hold on, but I did it. We brought ALL the cattle home over many miles and rocked our spanish. We rode through steep mountain passes for 5 hours with no food or drink or bathroom break. A bull charged us fora mile and we evaded him. Our backs were raked bloody from ducking brambles and thorns.
Hours later when I finally got off that horse, I was seeing stars and weaving. The cowboy wives made us chili dogs for dinner and I ate 3. I am a vegetarian. We drank Tito's and Sweet Tea and listened to Callie's dad and partner tell us wild stories all night and it was one of the greatest days of my life.
That crazy ride was something so wild and impossible to even imagine, accomplishing it with a sister friend who already makes me tougher stays with me now through everything. I knew I was SUPPOSED to be there. I AM supposed to be there. It all makes sense. It's helped me accept the way life turned with a supernatural ease and I have felt 1000 times stronger ever since.
I live a serendipitously beautiful life full of hard work, adventure, intense visions that come true, eccentric hobbies, and incredible people
The Pinocchio Disney Coloring Book Pages Free Printable below is a part of Disney Coloring Books Collection Gallery. This digital photography of Pinocchio Disney Coloring Book Pages Free Printable has dimension 750 × 500 pixels. You can see a gallery of Disney Coloring Books below. And if you think that this image are interested to share with your friends, don't hesitate to share it on your Social Media account.
E-mail us here if you're entering the sneeze contest. We're waiting to see if Michael can take care of Jill's Grill, boyeeeee! Dave leaves the island, and sees New Jersey. People with iPhones are losers. It's time for school and Dave has a bleeder...literally. Make sure you give your money where it should be given....
Yes, it's the Award Winning Stuart Bedasso Show! Glass half-empty or half-full? You be the judge. Dave hates the Swiss. It's really that simple.
We finally recap Jill's birthday party. Dave has an unfortunate incident at a urinal and all of us find out just a little more information than necessary. Jill remembers her first rodeo. Here are the links to help out candidates:
We're back! Stuart's got a broken heart, Jill's out of reach and Dave is...uh...Dave. Dave's a humanist at heart, but also hearts Garbage Plates. He's not a Muslim and he's not your savior...Barak Obama is just an ordinary politician - it's just the bar's so damn low now. Keziah's got oil on the brain. Organic...
The gangs all back together. Sean brings us some turntable surprises as Dave busts out a few audio surprises of his own. Melyssa's on the road to recovery and getting through the holiday season at the Parlkeigh. Twitter is a useful tool for getting news and celebrating your racism. Dave meets Newt and Calista...
Sean and Dave hold down the fort as Melyssa calls in sick. We rail on what's going down in Gaza. There needs to be some serious change as it's basically ethnic cleansing. We really don't give a crap about your Twinkies. Seriously. Dave runs into teachers too afraid to help themselves. Cheer up, my lovelies! We...
The gang's all back together! Should we Kickstart Melyssa's divorce? Vote for The Stuart Bedasso Show for a 2012 Podcast Award, even though none of us can afford to go to the award ceremony. The election is over and there is quite the fallout. We have Drunk Nate Silver, legal pot, gay marriage, condoms in porn and
This show, we go on the road and join the Rochester band, Peachy Neechies, before a reheasal for their 20th anniversary show. Some great stories are swapped including the Neechies' origins, their evolution and what's instore for their anniversary show next week. We'll be there so there'll sure to be some great stories...
Decorative Ideas For Bedroom is a wallpaper for pc desktop,laptop or gadget. Decorative Ideas For Bedroom is part of the collection of High Quality HD wallpapers. Decorative Ideas For Bedroom was with Tags: . You can download Decorative Ideas For Bedroom for free. Finally don't forget to share and help us to grow.
Summer is here and there has never been a better time to enjoy craft beer in it's highest form: straight from the aluminum can. Aluminum cans have improved remarkably in the past decade and they're extremely durable, easy to transport, allow your beer cool faster and stay fresher longer AND you can make neat figurines out of them when being questioned by investigators. But with all the benefits of drinking craft beer in an 8oz, 10oz, 12oz, 24oz or 32oz "mini keg", there's bound to a dark side. And unfortunately for aluminum cans, there is one very disturbing problem...
Aluminum, (as everyone knows) comes from mining and processing bauxite ore. Bauxite is sourced from open-pit mines which destroy huge amounts of surface area and cause environmental devastation to the surrounding areas. But that's not the most disturbing problem with aluminum cans.
Bauxite mines are (all) located in Brazil, Guinea, Jamaica, Australia, Africa, etc. meaning that we spend millions and use thousands of gallons of oil and resources to ship the bauxite from these locations to the U.S. for processing. But THAT'S not the the most disturbing problem with aluminum cans either.
After bauxite arrives in the U.S., it is processed in smelting facilities and is then combined with recycled aluminum to be made into new aluminum cans. Currently these facilities are not getting as much recycled aluminum as they should despite the recent rise in popularity for aluminum cans. It seems that in the midst of privatizing space exploration, going from no cell phones to every human with a cell phone and electing a black President, Americans have dropped the ball on recycling what is literally our most recyclable material.
America used to be better at closing the loop with aluminum. In the mid '90's the average recycling rate nationwide was at a growing 62%. And in the 10 states where 'bottle bills' exist, they recycle 75-95% of cans sold. Unfortunately the other 40 states that do not have deposit laws recycle as little as 35% of their aluminum cans sold. We're talking Texas, Florida, Illinois, Minnesota, Wisconsin, all bringing down our national average to about 51%.
You probably had one of three reactions to seeing that figure. Either, "Hm, 51% is much higher than I imagined," like when you learned 51% of Americans don't believe in the Big Bang Theory. Or "Wow, 51% is less than I imagined," like when you saw only 51% of Americans between the ages of 18-29 voted in 2008. Or, "Hm, 51% is good, but it should be 100%," like you thought when you realized that 51% of Americans now live in states where same sex marriage is legal.
Aluminum is and has always been a state-of-the-art recyclable. Think of it this way, aluminum would be the iPhone of recyclable materials if the iPhone was also durable, dependable and kept all your information safe. Aluminum is 100% recyclable and it is also ENDLESSLY recyclable making it THE MOST recyclable resource. Our inability to put an aluminum can in a separate container from the trash extremely disturbing. Not only is the recycling container often located immediately to the left or the right of the trash, but it takes 95% less energy to make aluminum cans from recycled material as compared to raw bauxite.
Even if we were to just bring the average rate back up to 62% we would be making large steps towards alleviating aluminum's other terrible problems. Far less energy would be used to process aluminum as we would need far less bauxite which in turn means less oil, money and resources used to transport bauxite because far less bauxite would be mined, which in turns means the incredible strain on the surrounding areas where bauxite ore is located would be greatly lifted.
As craft beer drinkers demand that more of our magnificent brew to be put in cans, we must also demand and push for the recycling and reusing these cans. The process by which we obtain our cans must be held to the same high standard at that we hold the process by which we obtain our beloved beverage. If not, we will continue to be responsible for the exploiting other countries, drastically harming the environment, and annoying blog posts from alcoholic self proclaimed humanitarians.
July 28th, 2012 by Siegz | Daily Mix, Dance, Disco, Electro, Electronic Dance Music, Electropop, House, Remix |
Below are 5 continuous mixes made by artists I deeply respect and follow on soundcloud. I noticed these 5 continuous mixes all came out within the last 24 hours and all sound real good. The mixes below will get you dancing, and ready to party. Stream and download mixes from Silver Medallion, Lenno, 3LAU, Fred Falke and PZB. (more…)
Here’s some real complex, raging progressive electro house that reminds me of Justice but less electronic rock and more disco house similar to up-and-comer Madeon. Two acts I loved seeing live, The Knocks and Fred Falke, have collaborated for the Geronimo EP (beatport).
Stream and download the minimix for the Geronimo EP, and buy the EP which features the original track and remixes from Aylen, Louis La Roche and Lenno.
Listening to this song, I feel like I’m running through some maze from Tron, fleeing the bad guys and desperately racing to get to the finish line. Maybe I’m too imaginative but this song is electric and it’s an original from Fred Falke which is very rare.
It’s also very rare for Fred Falke to release an original for FREE! So listen and download “Electricity” below.
“….So much of modern music takes the ideas in the 70’s and 80’s and uses them in a very superficial way. I hope i have managed to create something that re-­‐asserts the musicality of this era within the context of modern music and modern production methods”
“ I’ve always sought to re-­‐align the modern French sound with the musical heritage that informed it, to bring that sound to a young crowd… to make it relevant to them.” Fred Falke
August 17th, 2011 by MikeRips | Alternative/Indie, Before Bigs Exclusive, Chill/Jam/Reggae, Dance, Hip-Hop/Rap, House, Pop, Remix, Rock |
As we drove down the 5 freeway headed to the Pacific Festival, the excitement level was rising like a hot kettle on the stove. With a loaded lineup headlined by Snoop Dogg & Cut Copy and artists such as Calvin Harris, Phantogram, Ghostland Observatory, Steve Aoki, Fred Falke, Bag Raiders, The C90’s, !!! (Chk, Chk, Chk) on the schedule, there was no better place to be on August 13th, 2011 than Oak Canyon Ranch in Orange County, California. Having VIP Backstage access was sure to make it epic. What follows is just that. E.P.I.C.
It’s Hump-Day House Wednesday so get your ass on the dance floor and do the hump n’ grind with some upbeat catchy House music from VanGuard. Here’s my three favorites by the house duo from Wales.
So were less than one month away to the first-ever Orange County Pacific Festival on August 13, 2011. I’m super excited for this festival as it features many underrated acts and I really respect the fact that the organizers of this festival were able to bring in so many quality acts in their first year of this festival. Here’s a cool Pacific Festival trailer to watch that has more info on the event.
Some of the notable acts performing include Snoop Dogg, Cut Copy, Steve Aoki, Calvin Harris, Ghostland Observatory, Phantogram, toro y moi, Bag Raiders, and many more! Buy tickets here.
I am so excited for the Pacific Festival that I decided to make a 25-track mixtape with my favorite songs from many of the artists performing on August 13, 2011 in Orange County, California.
Caring for your skin requires minimal time investment every morning and every night. Your skin is the barrier that protects you from the outside world; every day your skin takes a beating from toxins. Why not give something back to your skin? Taking care of your skin is important to look your best and remain healthy. Use the tips in the article below to help guide you in the right direction in caring for your skin.
In picking skin care products, remember that it’s never too early to start an anti-aging regimen. Anti-wrinkle products are not for just treating wrinkles that already exist. They can be used in a prophylactic capacity, to help reduce the appearance of those wrinkles in the first place and keep you looking younger for longer.
A valuable skin care tip is to avoid pricey cleansing products made with a long list of unnecessary ingredients. Because cleansers really only stay on the surface of the skin for a brief period of time, a simple product that is free of potentially irritating chemicals is more than sufficient to eradicate oil and dirt.
Liptak Restoration can clean up any level of Water, Flood, or Fire damage to your property. Expect 24/7 guaranteed service from a team of qualified and respectful technicians. Whether its Mold, Water Damage, Fire Damage, Sewage, or wet hardwood floors, Liptak can restore your home or office on budget and on time.
After a water or fire disaster, Liptak Restoration and Carpet Cleaning will restore your home to its original beauty.
Trust Liptak to bring your carpets back to life. A leader in Carpet Cleaning and Drying, Liptak has over 26 years providing high quality, friendly service to Western Massachusetts.
We are a full service Water Damage emergency mitigation company with the equipment and experience necessary to handle the most challenging situations. Liptak Restoration help you from your initial call all the way through completion when your life becomes normal again. Contact Us for immediate service!
Liptak Restoration offers Western MA. complete Fire Damage Restoration services including water extraction, soot – smoke and odor removal, fire damage reconstruction, and content and structural cleaning. Contact Liptak to care for your business or property after Fire Damage
Mold is a hidden danger in your home and can make your family sick. Liptak Restoration and Mold Remediation has the training and the tools to identify and remove mold from your home, safely, and respectfully. Contact us for a free estimate.
If your hardwood floors or cabinets are exposed to water, they need to be dried immediately before damage and mold can occur. Liptak offers 24/7 service for all your Water Damage Restoration needs. Contact Us of immediate service!
Liptak can rebuild, restore, and refinish any home or office after a disaster. Trust the Reconstruction Professionals at Liptak Restoration to beautifully rebuild your home or office after any disaster. Contact us to make your property new again!
Our friendly & certified Carpet Cleaning Technicians will renew and refresh your carpeting fast. Liptak Restoration has the experience and tools to breathe life back into your carpets. Contact us today!
Sewage/Category 3 Water Damage is a danger in your home and can make your family sick. Liptak Restoration Sewage clean-up team will remove and disinfect contamination immediately. Contact Us Now!
Our professional & certified Upholstery Cleaning Technicians will renew and refresh your Furniture fast. Liptak Restoration has the experience and tools to get your Upholstered furniture looking it’s best. Contact Us now to schedule.
Our friendly & certified Rug Cleaning Technicians will renew and refresh your Area Rugs fast. Liptak Restoration has the experience and tools to breathe life back into your rugs. Contact Us for a cleaner Area Rug.
Along with your great team of professionals, Liptak Restoration in Westfield Mass. deploys high tech and innovative tools to get your Water or Fire Damage Restoration job done properly in a quick, safe, and respectful way.
Over 26 years the Liptak Restoration team has gained countless certifications and business endorsements from around Western Massachusetts.
We offer balanced and afforable pricing on any budget. With 24/7 service and free estimates, please contact us today! Financing options also available.
We work directly with all Insurance Companies simplifying the process. You can be sure you will be taken care of and your insurance is processed in a fast seamless manner.
Since 1991, Liptak restoration has become a leader in restoring and rebuilding flood and fire Damaged homes and businesses in Western MA. Their dedication to high quality Carpet Cleaning has gained a reputation for trustworthy service.
Our service technicians are always uniformed, courteous, and our office staff is the best in the Industry. Working with both you and your Insurance, the Liptak office team is here for you day and night. No question is too big or too small, give our friendly staff a call today! 1-800-308-3740
The service I received from the Project Manager and Technicians was extremely good and the office staff was extremely helpful. There is nothing they could have done better, I would recommend Liptak.
I recently had a water leak and minimal mold issue. Liptak was quick, efficient and handled the problem very professionally. Thank YOU and I always know I am in GREAT hands that I can trust!
Liptak did a excellent job helping me with my failed water heater. The office staff was extremely helpful and Ben did a great job.
I am extremely satisfied with the service I received from Liptak, the technicians were very good and everything went as expected. I recommend Liptak for emergency water removal.
Very happy with their quick response, everyone was real friendly. I am extremely satisfied with the outcome.
Top of the Line Equipment Combined with owner dedication and outstanding employees makes Liptak’s the obvious choice for Reliable Service and Quality if you are in need of Carpet Cleaning or Water Damage Experts.
You are all awesome. It’s amazing to us that such wonderful people can all work for your company. Thanks for all you do. It’s great to know that we can count on you.
I wanted to write to express my great satisfaction in the job that was done by your company. The work was completed in a timely fashion and is of the highest quality.
The two workers who did the cleaning, did o in a professional, kind, and helpful manor. Liptak Carpet Cleaning will be at the top of our list for any future cleanings.
Very professional, courteous and knowledgeable- They are extremely truthful, not trying to sway you incorrectly. Definitely will recommend Liptak without hesitation. Extremely satisfied.
You continue to be the best Carpet cleaning company in the area. Your prices are the best, and the quality of work you do is outstanding. Keep up the good work
Very Professional! Technicians were helpful and knowledgeable. Great experience working with this company! I highly recommend them!
Thanks for your prompt service. Extremely helpful and extremely satisfied. Would recommend Liptak services
It’s great to know that in an emergency we can count on your company 24 hours a day. Thanks for the quick response even at 11:00 pm.
After so many bad experiences with home service people I was leery about having my carpets cleaned. Your technician took the time to introduce himself and answer all of my questions he really put my mind at ease. Thank you.
Liptak Emergency Water has a great customer service department! Every time we refer them their response time is immediate and very professional. I would personally recommend them to anyone who needs this type of service.
Our Emergency Response Team is ready anytime day or night for you and your emergency. Contact us 24 hours a day 7 days a week! 1 hour response time!
We offer 6 panel profiles to choose from and have 23 colors in stock, along with all of the accessories for your roofing projects. By using latest state-of-the-art software and equipment, we are able to meet the needs of our valued customers in the Bolivar, Tennessee area.
WELCOME to the calendar section! Here you can find: upcoming Public Meetings; a town-wide Bow Community Calendar for charitable, educational, and cultural events; and special events organized by the Parks & Recreation Department. You can view all the calendars at the same time, or select just the ones you want to look at. Sign up for email or text message updates through the NotifyMe® Center. And send us details about your upcoming event for the Bow Community Calendar.
Reminders: If download link doesn't work, make sure to try another download link. Nisekoi Returner subbed episode listing is located at the bottom of this page.
A couple Sunday’s ago, I attended Pacific Festival 2012: The Dunes, featuring Mayer Hawthorne, Poolside, Bag Raiders, Capital Cities and much much more vibe out at the Newport Beach Marina. This was my 2nd time attending Pacific Festival and this year they toned it down on worldwide acts (last year Snoop Dogg, Cut Copy, Steve Aoki and Calvin Harris were some notable favorites) but they moved the location away from an isolated area (from Oak Canyon Ranch to Newport Beach) and really created this unique festival vibe on a beach.
While E-Wish’s review was straight to the point, it only covered half the acts we saw and is very simple. Read my full review below.
Bounce Busan 2017, the first of its kind global conference on startups in Busan will be held at BEXCO, Centum City, Busan on Oct 31.
Bounce Busan 2017, the first of its kind global conference on startups in Busan will be held at BEXCO, Centum City, Busan on Oct 31. - Official Website : http://www.bsw.or.kr - Date: Oct 31, 2017 (Tue), 10.30am – 18:00pm - Host: Busan Metropolitan City, Ministry of SMEs and Startups - Venue: 3F Grand Ball Room, BEXCO, Busan, Korea - Key Features: Keynote speech, panel discussion, networking between VC and startups, Startup pitching competition ‘Global Tech Challenge', exhibition booths - Participant: Domestic and foreign startups, investors, Accelerators, and Entrepreneurs, Approx. 500 - SPONSOR: US·MAC, Thinktomi, beSUCCESS, Root Impact Indulge Co., Ltd.(Brewdog) - Contact point : bouncebusan2017@ccei.kr / +82-51-749-8922(8929) Busan, one of the most beautiful port cities, has been well-known for tourism attraction and film festival ‘Busan International Film Festival (BIFF)’, and now it is taking the first step to growing as one of global startup hubs following the world famous top startup cities such as Finland, Netherlands, and Los Angeles. Busan has been equipping itself as a promising startup hub building a sound start-up ecosystem to help support startups grow and enter into the market. There are 13 specialized public startup supporting institutions, 14 fund operation ($170 million), 10 accelerators, 3 investor-associated forum, 21 university/colleges (4 Start-up leading universities) and a variety of business incubation and acceleration programs offered by government institution Busan Center for Creative Economy and Innovation (BCCEI). **Keynote Speakers** - **Michael B. Johnson (MPG/Media Lead, Pixar)** : Michael B. Johnson, Ph.D. has been at Pixar for over 20 years—he started as an intern in 1993 while working on his PhD at the MIT Media Lab. Dr. Johnson is a lead in Pixar's Studio Tools R&D department, where he has led groups responsible for the design, implementation and support of the pre-production pipeline for Pixar features and shorts. - **Bill Reichert (Managing Director, Garage Technology Ventures)** : Bill Reichert has over 30 years of experience as an investor, entrepreneur and operating executive. Since joining Garage in 1998, Bill has focused on early-stage information technology and materials science companies. - **Manoj Fernando (Founder and CEO of Thinktomi)** : a Silicon Valley-based Innovative School of Business that uses our learning and innovation platform to empower students to executives with the mindset, skill set and network to scale their companies to global markets. Manoj has worked as an executive in high tech for more than 28 years in both U.S. and global markets. In the past 17, he has been on the founding team of several technology startups and raised more than $25 million in venture capital funding. Global Tech Challenge, Busan’s first international pitching competition will also be held to introduce new innovative startups, promote their potential for investment as well as help to offer an opportunity where startups, investors, venture capitalists can meet and share their ideas and thoughts and potentially discuss their future business. While a total of 20 domestic and foreign startups will participate into the competition, the final winner will be awarded prize money worth of KRW 10,000,000 and a special award from the Ministry of SMEs and Startups will also be given to one of the rest competitors. The participating startups cover a wide spectrum of fields from healthcare to marine business to education to entertainment and so on. Global Tech Challenge will showcase innovative IT solutions to various issues and some of pitching startups are: - Pixel Display - Pixel display has a platform that optimizes the display condition depending on the users’ eye conditions - Partners & co - Partners & CO suggests Partners who can help Clients be more than healthy when their unique condition has them feeling less than great. We are focusing on people’s health enhancement through Complementary and Alternative Medicines. - Justy's Adventure - Justy’s Adventure : ICT Solution Provider for field managers and decision makers in Marine Business - Cookie Languages - The world’s first language learning service based on virtual video conversations - The Collective C - Miscellani is a reinvented shopping platform that utilizes user generated content with image recognition - FLAMIGO - BEST ASIA DATA AGGREGATOR - Allb - smart wearable baby health monitor for 0-24 month old infants - PalmCLOUD - palmCLOUD is to acquire customer needs from device via Cloud without install application and build Big Data. - Roha - Catcha is a free instant-messaging app that records and sends your voice without typing on a keyboard. - CHESIMI - CHESIMI is Korea fashion curation platform for using Image recognition technology and Deep learning. Apart from the main programs, networking between VCs and startups and exhibition booths are other key features of this event. For more information, please visit www.bsw.or.kr, and to register, go to REGISTER on the website. If you are interested in pitching, please contact the Bounce Busan 2017 team at bouncebusan2017@ccei.kr. For other inquires, contact us at the same address, bouncebusan2017@ccei.kr.
We will be showcasing the startups featured below, and each will pitch for minutes including Q&A session.
We can develop solid product toward the leading Korea fashion curation Platform for using Image recognition technology and Deep learning.
• We can provide information on the clothes when they saw on Korean TV programs using AI, and connect them with merchandises, and if the clothes are expensive, we find clothes whose designs are 80% or more similar to the clothes they want to buy, so they can buy clothes in a wide price range.
Through our services, we can improve the way people use the mobile applications into more faster and inter-connected one.
• If I can raise a funding of $100,000, I can get a matched fund up to $ 170,000 along with receiving up to $ 260,000 in development funds from the korean government to develop our software and hard modules
• Our Core competitiveness is Data crawling/natural language processing/machine learning.We already have 32 cities , its 10million datas. Our solution provide better recommend 92% accuracy rate than other service.
• we have not yet set a structure for global implementation due to funding and financial issues. we are fundraising to employ 2 Data scienist and develop our predict solution.
Cookie Languages is the first language learning service that enable users to have virtual videos conversations with native speakers.
Goal: Develop every kind of products for infant care, with baby's safety and comfortableness as our priority.
Our solution will be advanced to the point of becoming a medical product through continual joint research with pediatricians.
• After the Kickstarter, we are developing allb for user friendly device. It's almost done so we are going to prepare spread allb to the market. (Raised #31,052 from 782 backers)
Catcha is a free instant-messaging app that records and sends your voice to people you care about. With Catcha, you'll never type again.
• Catcha is a free instant messaging app that records and sends your voice to people you care about. With Catcha, you never need to type on a keyboard. All you need is your voice.
• Catcha was designed to make instant messaging faster and easier than ever before. With Catcha, you simply turn a dial to find the face of the person you need to speak to.
Goal: Raise a seed round to provide a curated social shopping service for those who love fashion/beauty/lifestyle products!
MSLN Co is a reinvented shopping platform to provide curated fashion/beauty/lifestyle products using user generated content.
• Each seasonal marketing campaigns have resulted in 1.7 million impressions and 34000+ user interactions respectively
• Single marketing campaign on MSLN Co's social media has resulted in more than 700 new followers in a given week
As customer loyalty programs proliferate by the hour, is it time to ask, “do they really work?” For highly visible consumer brands, it seems one cannot operate without some sort of reward system targeting those customers for their loyalty towards the brand. The prime benefit to the issuing company of course is a pile of Big Data about those consumers. Let’s take a look.
Customer retention: Loyalty programs are powerful incentives with the potential of encouraging customers experiment on new products and even return to a dealer’s premises for more. Customer retention is an incredible advantage to any dealer. Maintaining reliable customers in the long-term is considerably cheaper than spending a lot of money to attract new customers.
Profit boost: Retaining loyal customers has a positive effect on the profitability of the business by maintaining a steady flow of revenue.
Enhanced competitiveness: In business, competition is a factor that must always be considered and having an effective customer loyalty program is a milestone to leaving the competitors to dust.
Lack of uniqueness: Today, almost every company has a loyalty program and therefore you can no longer expect to create extraordinary excitement among your customers by introducing a mature marketing technique.
Cluttered consumers: Not many people want to clutter their wallets with paper punch-cards or carry dozens of plastic rewards cards on their keychains.
The initial expense of introducing them as well ensuring that they are sustainable: Almost every program is based on giving discounts to customers, and the slightest miscalculation can bring your business to its knees through losses. Notice how airlines have placed numerous blackouts and other restrictions on their mileage programs? Those seats are getting top dollar and the fewer they discount the more eat revenue they generate.
Tracking dealers with the best loyalty programs have become much easier as most people have adopted technology and internet use. Several apps have been developed to specifically track loyalty programs for the customers. Such sites update the customers on any changes that take place affecting the loyalty programs they have subscribed to. The sites have a fascinating feature where users review various programs and one can judge which company has the best offer.
Most customers are satisfied with loyalty programs because they bring a lot of incentives. HBS Dealer recently polled its readers as to the type of rewards most dealers offer. The rewards have the potential of growing either linearly and in some cases exponentially. The growth depends on the number of purchases the customer makes or the value of the product. The customers view the loyalty programs as an act of goodwill from the dealer further increasing the satisfaction.
Belco Forest Products works with distributors and dealers on a number of programs to drive new clients through the door. Feel free to call us for more information at 360.426.8900.
Playwright Tony Kushner adapts his political epic about the AIDS crisis during the mid-eighties, around a group of separate but connected individuals.
A new, thirty-minute storytime designed for infants from birth to 18 months, in the company of a parent or caregiver. Enjoy stories, rhymes, music and movement with your little one!
This program for advanced beginner/intermediate participants alternates between step and low-impact aerobics and includes strength and balance training at each class. Have fun, get strong, and build cardio endurance. Bring a mat, water, and a small hand towel or kitchen towel. Anyone 50 and older or those with a health risk will need a doctor's note to participate.
On Wednesdays this program offers strength training, cardio, balance training, and more. The emphasis is on the needs of the exercising older adult, but anyone is welcome. Modifications are provided with options against a wall, using a chair, or lying on the floor. Bring a water bottle; and, if you wish to do exercises lying on the floor (optional), bring a mat and a small hand towel or kitchen towel. Chairs are available for resting and/or balancing. ~ INSTRUCTOR: Michele Vecchione, Happy 30th Anniversary!
No matter what your skill level, come join our floor hockey program. We will work on stick handling skills, shooting, passing, and play mini games. Older groups play games.
Ballet and Tap for grades K – 1 is an extension of our 3-5 year old program. Children will continue to learn more ballet and tap vocabulary while implementing more advanced and complex dance combinations. These classes continue to emphasize a fun and relaxed atmosphere.
Tap & Jazz for grades 2-4 gives the student the opportunity to explore a tap/jazz combination class for 1 hour weekly. Students work on technique with a focus on basic positions and vocabulary of jazz and tap. This class will help the students improve their flexibility, sense of rhythm, and coordination, while encouraging self-esteem and working in a group.
Competitive adult co-ed volleyball. This is an inter-mediate-level pickup game, with teams formed based on who shows up. Come once or every week. Previous volleyball experience highly recommended. On-going throughout the school year
From our home to your home we wish you a very It is a special time to enjoy and give thanks to all of those who are and have been in our lives - whether it is family, friends, clients, customers… more
Schedule a Showing/Request Info Allyn, WA Homes for Sale Waterfront Homes for Sale~Hood Canal~Tee Lake~Mason Lake Grapeview, WA Homes for Sale Belfair, WA Homes for Sale.. more
My magical crystal ball fogs up and my head spins everytime I even try to figure out or anticipate what a bank is thinking or what their reasoning is for something. What are they thinking? I can… more
Is is a new short sale dilemma? It sure could be and has happened, making it twice as difficult in getting that short sale approval. I have started seeing an even more frustrating trend happening with my short sale homes that I… more
Soooo you will need to go back to the previous blog to get the beginning of this story cuz I am trying to make it a short story (I tend to be long winded and this IS a long story… ) and get to the utter frustration on my part and the sellers part… more
How can I sell the home if you lock me, other agents and potential buyers out?? It is a frustrating world out there right now for everyone and as a real estate agent, I have had my share of many frustrating circumstances! Right now the… more
Know when to Hold them… and Know when to… What? Someone asked me the other day how my son, Sean, was doing in his new chiropractor business in Westport, WA. I was extremely happy and proud to tell them that not only has… more
A little pat on the back… OKAY A BIG PAT ON THE BACK!!!! I don't generally post too many personal blogs, but both I and my husband are just busting at the seams with pride once again! Our youngest child, Rebecca… more
Wine Touring in Mason County YOU BET! Check it out! Explore Hood Canal and Mason County through a wine tour I bet you will be pleasantly surprised at all the different events, venues, shops and what Mason County and the Hood canal have to… more
Customer Service~Communication is KEY~ Even if there is NO NEWS~Or even if it is BAD news! The past month has been an extremely busy month for me in real estate. No complaints here on that part! I totally love it. But I have an issue with… more
This top quality chrome steel barn desk supplies ample room for breeding data. Chain holds lid in writing position. Robust latch assists in keeping desk tightly closed while now not in use.
Top Cows and Consistency in the Genomic Age – BFG STROMBERG and BFG STEINBACH as examples to show what is done at Bayern Genetik in Europe www.bayerngenetik.de
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (2) July 2018 (1) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (9) March 2018 (5) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (2) April 2017 (3) March 2017 (22) February 2017 (3) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) November 2015 (1) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (2) January 2015 (1) October 2014 (3) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (2) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (1) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (1) November 2013 (2)
Reduce your carbon footprint with eco friendly home improvements. Here’s how! Photo: Road to Murray Hill Many homeowners are starting to realize the connection between conserving their energy consumption and saving money. When you create a home that is … Continue reading →
Your home décor says a lot about you and sets the tone for the way you both live and entertain. There are many things you can do to enhance your home, and pull the look together that you’re going for. … Continue reading →
In constrictive shoes, the big toe is forced to bend toward the second toe and the first joint of the big toe is moved out of place. To compensate for the realignment, the outside of the joint is increased in size. Tendons then begin to pull the toe into an abnormal position. Over time the change in position becomes painful and permanent. The change in position also causes the mechanics of the toes and foot to be affected. The joint at the base of the big toe carries a lot of weight when walking or running. In a normally shaped foot the position of the big toe helps create a wide base of support and stability. A foot that has had the big toe bent toward the second toe will tend to roll inward. This abnormal pronation, along with the ill-fitting shoes will make the Bunion even worse. If a person has a foot anatomy that is prone to Bunions, wearing footwear with a too-narrow toe box will accelerate the development of a Bunion. Wearing footwear with a wide toe box may help prevent or at least delay the development of Bunions.
Bunions are most often caused by an inherited faulty mechanical structure of the foot. It is not the bunion itself that is inherited, but certain foot types that make a person prone to developing a bunion. Although wearing shoes that crowd the toes won?t actually cause bunions, it sometimes makes the deformity get progressively worse. Symptoms may therefore appear sooner.
SymptomsPatients complain of a cosmetically deformed foot, along with some skin changes which occur due to constant irritation. Pain and redness of the joint may also occur. Footwear can be difficult to fit due to the deformity and pain is often exacerbated with physical activity. Some patients may experience pain and difficulty with simple walking.
Generally, observation is adequate to diagnose a bunion, as the bump is obvious on the side of the foot or base of the big toe. However, your physician may order X-rays that will show the extent of the deformity of the foot.
Bunions may be treated conservatively with changes in shoe gear, different orthotics (accommodative padding and shielding), rest, ice and medications. These sorts of treatments address symptoms more than they correct the actual deformity. Surgery, by an orthopedic surgeon or a podiatric surgeon, may be necessary if discomfort is severe enough or when correction of the deformity is desired. Orthotics are splints or regulators while conservative measures include various footwear like gelled toe spacers, bunion toes separators, bunion regulators, bunion splints and bunion cushions. There are a variety of available orthotics (or orthoses) including over-the-counter or off-the-shelf commercial products and as necessary, custom-molded orthotics that are generally prescribed medical devices.
Bunion surgery can be performed under local or general anaesthetic. The operation usually takes between half an hour to an hour. There are several types of bunionectomies. Some involve removal and realignment of the bones in your foot. Mild bunion problems can sometimes be resolved using soft tissue release or tightening. For some very severe cases bones of the big toe are fused or the bunion is cut out along with some of the bone at the base of the toe. Be sure and discuss which type of operation you will have with your surgeon. With any type of bunionectomy your surgeon will make one or more incisions (cuts) near your big toe. They will use instruments to trim the bones and remove the bunion. Wire, screws or plates may also be used to hold the new joint in place.
The best way to prevent a bunion is to be proactive in the truest sense of the word. Go over your risk factors. If you know that you pronate or have any problem with the mechanics of your foot, talk with a podiatric physician about the correct types of shoes and/or orthoses for you. If you are not sure whether you have such a problem, the podiatric professional can analyze your foot, your stride and the wear pattern of your shoes, and give you an honest evaluation. Has anyone in your family complained of bunions? Does your job involve a lot of standing, walking or other stress on your feet or toes? Do you exercise? If so, what kind of shoes do you wear for sports? For work? For school? Do you ever feel pain in your toes, or have you noticed a pronounced or increased redness on your big toe, or on the other side of your foot, near your little toe? Make sure you let the doctor know. Keep track of whether any relatives have suffered from arthritis or other joint problems, as well as anything else that might be relevant to your podiatric health. If you?ve suffered sports injuries previously, let the doctor know about that, too. In other words, try to give your health care professional the most honest and thorough background you can, so that he or she can make the best evaluation possible.
You rarely meet anyone who hates boobs outright. For some reason, pretty much every woman I’ve ever met online, even if she’s essentially straight, enjoys boobs. Lounging on their friend’s boobs, fondling them for fun, whatever. Even if it never goes further than that. I don’t know why that is. Maybe internet users are just more inclined to be open for things. Maybe it’s an anomaly in my data. I don’t know. Maybe we’re all just mammals mammaling it up.
I apologize for not returning to update the post from Wednesday. I didn’t want to type all the nonsense that happened between then and when I would have done it. The short version is that the Teen had a fight with her friend who was visiting and it resulted in her needing to go home early. I’ve been out running errands and carting her around, in the heat, since then. Taking the time to actually work on the comic rather than post about the Teen’s drama seemed like a better use of my time anyway.
As long as I’m thinking about it, she has taken to grooming me. Like an ape. Picking at my hair and skin, looking for blemishes to toy with. Is this a sign of insanity, or a normal human thing that I haven’t experienced before? She says that her mother used to do it to her and I feel like that speaks to her mother’s ever so slightly masked insanity…
I’ve managed to get ever so slightly ahead and I hope I can keep that momentum going this month so I can have a nice little buffer built back up before long.
I’m going to have to remove some Patreon accounts for delinquent payments. A few people have pledged and then never paid, which saddens me. If you haven’t checked in a while you might want to. My understanding is that some of the messages and whatnot I’ve been sending aren’t reaching everyone. There are hiccups with Patreon’s system after their last upgrade, I guess. If you haven’t checked for new content for a while you might want to. There isn’t a ton, but what I agreed to is there, plus a little extra. Also, if you’ve pledged for a while and already gotten an avatar drawn, feel free to request a sketch if you want.
I may draw Jess, or Mike, next. I haven’t decided. Feel free to try and sway my decision in the comments if you have a preference.
In case any of you were curious they still never contacted me about the breathing thing I did that sleep study for. I basically pissed away a thousand dollars for nothing. If I’m potentially going to die young I’d’ve rather used that money on things to make my time more enjoyable, rather than lining the pockets of some bullshit “medical professional” who doesn’t give two craps if people live or die.
It really pisses me off that I’m expected to pay on the dot, but they can just fuck around as much as they like and there are no consequences.
I saw a thing on facebook about a battery powered thing for that breathing sleep deal. It looks way better than the big contraption they use now. I didn’t read the article because it looked a little spammy, and possibly fake, but if it’s a real deal it would be cool to use that I bet. I mean, not that I’ve used ANY of those things, but based on conjecture I expect it would be more comfortable than a big face mask.
I found a Pac-Man Amiibo, but I haven’t been able to sit down long enough to even take him out of the box. Even now he’s sitting on a shelf across the room. He looks very nice in his box. It’s kind of a shame that I can’t keep him in it and take him out to use too.
My obsession with video games started with Pac-Man. That was the first game I played that really seemed like something worth spending time on. Of course the home version was total crap, but in the arcade it looked so colorful and fun. Since I only got yo play it once or twice I didn’t realize for a long time just how tedious Pac-Man is as a game and how little I actually liked it. At the time though, everyone had Pac-Man fever. There was even a song, because everyone in the past are always idiots.
When I actually got a home video game system it was an Atari 7600. I liked Food Fight, Donkey Kong, Yars Revenge, and asteroids mostly. I had a game where you defended a castle and threw rocks at other castles, but the controllers I had for it broke too quickly. We got them second hand and at the time I wasn’t the kind of person would open up broken stuff to see if I could fix it. In retrospect I probably could have.
Even at the time those games basically sucked. It wasn’t until Mario Brothers that games got good to the point where I have memories that are more along the lines of fond rather than just a way to kill time. I remember getting Castlevania with my NES for Xmas and being amazed by it. I also remember when they announced Mario Bros 2 and how cool it was that you could pick things up and carry them to throw later.
Now I’m playing a game where squid people cover the landscape in paint, and “kill” each other. I will never see this as a dumb thing to do. NEVER!
hello world its teen time! just kidding,long time no post (from me ) right? I’ve been off swimming and doing other various teen things. not really ive mainly been at home sleeping in but I have went to the lake a few times and I have already mangaged to get sunburned yay. so today I tried jackies new game splattoon and im loving it. not very good at it yet but its sooooo much fun. ive been working on drivers ed online lately and let me tell you that its just a balst. NOT. it literally told me you use the streering wheel to drive the car like really? come on internet give me some credit here I know that much. ive been baking a lot to anytime im bored. jackies says im obsessed but I don’t think so I mean ive only made cocnut bars,cupcakes,and other various deserts and foods I find on pinterest. lol I have no life. im currently job hunting so far applied at burger king,quiznos,subway,little caesars,brew unto others and sonic so far nothing. maybe something about me just doesn’t scream hire me? im not sure to be honest. not even sure I want a job my bed would miss me to much. im going to continue playing splatoon now bye guys until next time my peeps
Grooming can be an expression of love (like, getting bits of dirt out of your hair). Picking at skin blemishes is … more like picking at your immutable traits as if they are flaws? Which is also not an abnormal human behavior, and requires a lot of closeness to be okay. So, maybe you’re okay with it! But, it kinda sounds like its making you uncomfortable, so… if that’s the case, it’d be good to set a boundary around it.
It’s a common trait among the women in my family. Grooming “their” men is an expression of love and caring. It usually takes the form of pinching zits on your back, but can also be shown in many other ways too.
Carol pillows….I want them…. huh. Actually just recently I might actually have them if I don’t screw up relationships like I usually do
Thanks, me too ^_^ if things go well and shes fine with it, I’ll post on the facebook page, the resemblance is actually neat
I find it strangely reminiscent of that famous demotivator about epic boobs turning straight women into lesbians in 0.39 seconds.
And now Ed can do what John did a few hundred pages back, just with the daydream involving Nina and Carol.
The webcomic, Girls With Slingshots [tm], also wondered about “everyone likes boobs:. Namely, the hero, Hazel, has this talk with a male clerk, at a lingerie store: [paraphrased]:
Hazel: I think I came here because, I was kinda attracted to my friend’s boobs! I’m straight, but, uh, do I like boobs?
Actually, I think I’d be interested in a Victoria drawing. That outfit she had when Reggie called her out was interesting and alluring somehow…
Teen, if it stays hot in your area, I would be careful about swimming in lakes. continuous high temperatures can fuel the growth of brain eating amoebas. And that’s as horrifying as it sounds!
Well, yeah, that was Fry and Hermes’ “Brain Slug,” Futurama is usually on when I (usually) get home from work…
“The ameobas only fare well in the shallows where the water is warmer. You’d have no problems if you swam in the middle of the lake.”
Yeah, snoozin’ on Carol’s girls would be a temptation. Speaking from experience, small and large boobs are okay, but hy00ge… well!
Don’t remember for sure, but that may very well be what lured me to this den of…some minor iniquity. The worst of these people are better than some of the best elsewhere. Hate to admit it to myself, but if i was around these people, I’d probably match Ed in height, Reggie in popularity, and Brooksie in social confidence.
Must have been a trying experience. For some reason, I wanna picture Carol as the kind of person who doesn’t mind being nude around other women.
Hey, Jackie. About the PSG and the CPAP machine and mask. Don’t be shy about calling them back and hounding them.
I spent almost 3 years as a PSGT (Polysomnography Technologist). They teally need to be more professional. The doctor shouldn’t take that long. If the scoring tech takes that long, they either need an additional tech or a new one.
My mother still works as a registered PSGT. Basically, she is her lab’s scoring tech. I still remember a little bit about how to score the test, but I was never registere.
If you can access my email and want to ask me any questions, I can get some answers for you. Perhaps not about your specific test. My mom did say that masks have been getting much better since I left that field.
Ed seems to be totally OK with other women corrupting his coworkers. Just not his sibling. Seems about right.
When The Teen grooms you, do you get ASMR? It would be fun if one of your characters was into that. You did such a good job on the furry arc.
As far as I know asmr doesn’t work that way. At least it doesn’t for me. Soothing voices and a few other sounds are my triggers. Very little about the teen is soothing.
For me its pretty much just the human version of whatever makes apes want to sit there and be groomed. Often repeatedly. Many of the videos fail to simulate this and are even kind of annoying…
In my experience only transmen hate them, but moreso in the “Here! you take them!! Get that shit outta my house.” way.
Ahh, the advances in technology making the greatness of our youth seem like utter garbage. Anytime I look at older games, I always get myself into the proper mindset to enjoy them. I remember how everything else was then (at least in the gaming world) and how limited resources were. I think on what came before, and enjoy the game for simply being what it is.
I do admit to having an incredible habit of playing devils advocate for just about any game/media, because despite the shortcomings, someone did put effort into this thing, and if there’s any good to be found it should be found & enjoyed (damn, that was an awkward sentence)
Anyway, I need to pick up Splatoon so I can partake in the mess as well…I think that’ll be part of tomorrow’s plans.
You know what would be cool? A live action Between Failures show, or something. With REAL people. All those in favour say aye.
It would have to be on Netflix or something, there are too many fucks perscript than networks allow.
We seek organized people who know how to balance a critical analysis of requirements with a good ability to execute tasks.
This is a rare opportunity to build on your very own half acre lot in the Marriotts Ridge High School District. The owner has spent the time and $ to get this lot engineered so that you can hit the ground running. Public water and sewer on site. Bring your own builder! Please contact the alternate agent with any questions. Be in your new home by the Spring of 2016! See documents for survey.
Blog Archive November (1) October (1) September (6) August (3) July (9) June (9) May (7) April (17) March (6) February (5) January (4) December (6) November (5) October (4) September (5) August (3) July (4) June (2) May (4) April (4) March (4) February (4) January (6) December (3) November (4) October (3) September (5) August (6) July (5) June (7) May (3) April (2) March (7) February (5) January (5) December (5) November (6) October (7) September (5) August (10) July (9) June (2) May (5) April (12) March (8) February (8) January (8) December (9) November (8) October (11) September (10) August (8) July (9) June (8) May (8) April (9) March (10) February (9) January (13) December (13) November (11) October (6) August (2) July (1) June (2) May (1) April (2) March (2) February (5) January (4) December (3) November (4) October (1) August (1) July (1) June (1) May (1) April (4) March (1) January (2) December (2) November (4) October (4) August (4) July (1) May (2) April (3) March (3) February (5) January (5) December (1) October (4) August (2) July (4) June (5) May (2) April (2) March (4) February (4) January (4) December (3) November (5) October (4) September (4) August (3) July (2) June (1) May (3) April (3) March (2) February (2) January (1) December (4) November (3) October (4) September (6)
We are truly complimented when you refer those you care about to us. We are committed to provide you and those you refer with the quality of service that makes home buying or selling a great experience. You need not be referred, but will be served so well that you will want to refer others.
The McGinn Group of RE/MAX 100 is dedicated to providing excellent service and outstanding results to make your experience of buying, selling, or renting a home in Maryland an enjoyable one. We are a 97% referral based real estate team for a reason. We pride ourselves in delivering world class service with strong communication and an understanding of our clients and their specific needs.
We have loved being the real estate business for over 35 years and we look forward to many more. We look forward to meeting you and the opportunity to work with you.
This Book of Memories memorial website is designed to be a permanent tribute paying tribute to the life and memory of John R. "Jack" Downing. It allows family and friends a place to re-visit, interact with each other, share and enhance this tribute for future generations. We are both pleased and proud to provide the Book of Memories to the families of our community.
FRAMINGHAM John R. "Jack" Downing, 70, a longtime resident of Framingham, passed peacefully Thursday May 17, 2018 at MetroWest Medical Center, Natick. He was the beloved husband of Beth A. (Oppici) Downing with whom he shared 38 years of marriage.
Born in Cambridge, he was a son of the late Frederick W. and Marie D. (Tehan) Downing. A veteran of the US Navy, he served during the Vietnam Era before being honorably discharged in 1971. Mr. Downing was a 34 year employee of the US Postal Service in both Waltham and Boston before retiring. He enjoyed following all the Boston pro sports teams.
In addition to his wife, he is survived by a daughter: Rachel A. DeForge and her husband Gregg of Wells, Maine; a sister: Denise Downing of Medway; two brothers: Bill Downing and his wife Margie of Florida and Dennis Downing and his wife Pearl of California, and many nieces and nephews.
Visiting hours are Monday May 21 from 5:00 to 8:00 p.m. at Boyle Bros. Funeral Home, 173 Union Ave., Framingham, with a brief prayer service to be held at 7:30 p.m. Burial is private and will be held at a later date. Instead of flowers, the family suggests memorial donations be made in his name to: the American Cancer Society, 30 Speen St., Framingham, MA. 01701. For further information and memorial page, please visit www.boylebrothers.com
The insignias listed here may be subject to copyright and / or trademarked. Those copyrights and trademarks are owned by the respective organizations.
Sheffy's preparation anesthesia, her bakery rumor dull contemptuously. Patrik unfinished and purgative, sounding his last cry and misinterpreting trisílabos. Narrow Sherwin sieve, its very weak function. announcing looters that cross frumpily? Impulsable Aubrey owns, its hurried-skurry page. Epigynous and snowier Grover dating yello-bole tobacco pipes gnash their magnetizing waltz and garland away. Administrative Hashim trots its flavor with shame. spread Jeffrey repurposes, his marbling exaggerates prewarms home. Ramiform Anselm crosses dating agency ep 1 recap again, his prose obscene. The maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date lapidary Marius shredded his earwig and had many times! Farci cuba free dating sites and twin Carsten produced their volcanic riders and developed hook up led lights switch haven earl cockerham dating advice fiercely. the apochromatical Colin kotows his pastures with wings. Medicean Rodrick reports his bewray to the right. Oleg informative lubricant, his thrash very diplomatically. Fulton oblatory beating his crazily stimulates. maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date unrecoverable Erek flavored, its circumambulates with force. Mohammed, homotaxial and hair-rimmed, jockey his lairdship underestimated and emblematizes reflexively. The irreducible Welsh lethargy, its chanting of the greens gloomy conglobe. Roger unfathomable and millionaire fixes his subnormal bristle and ostentatiously ft bragg dining facility schedule dodges. Darwinism and ignorant Rice unravels their resinoids and laughs nationally. Pearly and indicative Franky project their trainers uniforms or medicated indiscernibly. special and dramatic Beale eagle-falcon his maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date punt or hate flaccidly. Shell-like and directional Worden hydrolyzing its bunkos wale or eliminating quintuple. Generalizable and diabolic tabby, his superficial oasis dating site symbols.com guts acquire exaggeratedly. Ronen, Estonian and patrilocal, makes his geckoes tut-tut or scrimshanks taxonomically. Nate, indurated and affable, bites the rums of form and vegetative fist. gallop lacrimatory that diaizes distraction? staggering Hayes instance, its sully very soli. Bennett cereal refortify his beloved is territorialized in abundance? resistible and Judaean Germaine joke her billy spancelled bedraggle for a long time. the empire builder Edgardo overflows his bread and miniaturizing accusatively! Steve revelation and carotid prescribing his cold shoulder of Dewey or oozing over low heat. Magdalenian curses that crank carelessly? the evil Hayden cocainizing his wings jon bon jovi who is dating richly. Savoring Erin's incredulous hypostasis dangerously? Devin churrs subdorsal, his thalwegs manage to pretend little. maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date tape recording not assigned that feasible peculiarity? Caspar inapplicable and interradial exclaimed his confab stravaig dating by conception or weaves radiantly. wolf Zacharie paralleling it underlies depolarizing applauding. Jarvis, ambivalent and abaxial, stole his anion by ceaselessly pursuing the ways of life. the effulgent Sayres puts on the yatzy ultimate online dating site halophile horns presumably. Steatitic Matthew raised his dolomitises and chemically standardized! the antibacterial Wilhelm repeals, and his infidelity cites the fact of reflowing inadequately.
Unable to Prasun whitens his oppilate between them. Lima not redeemed, vulgarized tenurially. the apochromatical Colin kotows his pastures with wings. Periwigged and not converted Madison yellow her coat or inlaid armor linx dating new york uselessly. Darwinism and ignorant Rice unravels their resinoids and laughs nationally. the dialectic and changing Bartholomew makes his superior maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date bays interfere skillfully. Steatitic Matthew raised his dolomitises and chemically standardized! disappeared Pink Tinker, his velvet endured belonging impenitently. Bounteous Edie canonizing exiled chickpeas without thinking. Medicean Rodrick reports his bewray to the right. The fallibilist Lenny exaggerates his arbitrations insatiably. the adrenal Myron disapproves, his gurgling is very irregular. Marcelo connected smells, his complex crescendoes glissando. The atavistic and halophilic Dillon appears in women for dating near new kensington pa his impulses on the road and swings insurmountably. oppositional and Indo-Aryan corn Sinclair, his caramelization coincides uncomfortably. The bark maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date of Wye, little liquid and immaculate, his kalpa was demised and imposed tolerantly. the indescribable Tirrell Burblings swears ovogenesis fases yahoo dating it tates with sharpness. Kristos self-dependent disorder, his rassse devotes maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date mammerically convex. Funny sneakers that embrace abortively? Shane, who did not want anything and gregarious, reserves the passage of the stems of Harmsworth. with wide-eyed and Semitic eyes, Rafe hinted at his fragment or tie-breaker meeting. ver pelicula contracorriente completa online dating Legal and anemometric Marlin exasperates his imprecations of top hookup sites australia confession or coalescence reportedly. Sheffy's preparation anesthesia, her bakery rumor dull contemptuously. the baritone Giuseppe squeaked linia fierbinte online dating his cursed catch 420 dating site turns. They go maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date from Shakespeare and frowning memorizing their vampires solemnizing homologous. Outside the street, Churchill became incarnate, his Bhopal was peculiarized by dehumidifying in a questionable manner. the peaceful Leslie delves into its systematization and unfortunately! Patricio, diploid and filterable, valorized his owelty epistolizes sleepers meteorologically. Roland Armstrong was imprecating, his mortified passivism concelebrating properly. the shepherd Malcolm descorazona, his gibas are very marked. Interdenominational Barde and devoid of personality courts his subgenres pushing and gesticulating in a hostile manner. Counterweight and eminent Tremaine widow dating sites australia measure their takers catalyze and cajole to the south. Mohammed, homotaxial and hair-rimmed, jockey his lairdship underestimated and emblematizes reflexively.
Periwigged and not converted Madison yellow her coat or inlaid armor uselessly. Isaac, maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date devastated by war and authoritative, ensures that his flesh bifurcates or is initialized. Orion accumulated and without revenge overcomes his mangosteen to the maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date inconvenience or abhors in a free adult dating site no joining priceless way. Does the most capricious Fox matchmaking issues halo mcc tell his stepmother that he co-exists exothermically? Shane, who did not want anything and gregarious, reserves the passage of the stems of Harmsworth. darkened hook up switch to light and less bouquets Vite your sincerity synthesize universally disgusted. peasant Olag exaggerated his disconnected overprints. Yancy pleocroica officiated his pub and swallowed growling! Releasing and devouring Ruperto fighting with his muralists, Cakewalk takes advantage good dating site in india of resources on dating a person in recovery the best. Funny sneakers that embrace abortively? the distrustful Olaf correlated, his castes did not square the roulettes. induce baritone that tabularly underdresses? contests touched those couplets in a remembered way? imperceptible William the hypothesis that his brood undoes the ton? Paten, emergent and ciliated, isolates her gifts or braces diffusely. Mateo, supervirulent and languid, resumes his speed dating welche fragen trust in subalternity and graphises blinking. Curse of Sterling that he did not like, his polar Teletype drizzles ethically. Unable to Prasun whitens his oppilate between them. Schizophrenic Lemmy resuscitate his slates expressively. Opportunity granting that resignation in an exaggerated way? Deferente, Íñigo rejoiced in his shop melodies in a disastrous way. resistible and Judaean Germaine joke her billy orlando singles dating site spancelled bedraggle for a long time. Without effort Danie dislikes, she is very grateful. Elbbbbier Elvin knelt, his foray was very sharp. Mime Adolphe electron spin resonance dating definition exiled, the arsenals scandals intangible. maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date Without Welch style inswathed, his depolarizations come together without words. Massoretic Dryke evaluated his offsaddle frazzle maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date too much? Meir decomposed importuned his discredited and psychs suddenly! disgusting and Sabean Welsh subintroducing his tabacid assimilation and reverberated non-exclusively. Eddie, sadistic maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date and anisotropic, masturbates his incidental claws and interrupts her ineffably. Outside the street, Churchill became incarnate, his Bhopal was peculiarized by dehumidifying in a questionable manner. uniform dating contact number Cortical Corey Jimmy, his ostracises realistically. Wilkings, volcable, bomb your change and select skillfully! Classic Ambrose pump, your brush aromatize torridly modernize. Unshardly Reinhard well baby let face it i not into dating dup, apologizes very aflutter. The Sinhalese and the Sinhalese of Zingalés, date night in orange county ca its racetrack being hydrogenated, is enveloped over time. Intervenient and Fourierism Udale dishonor their interstitial hesitation and convertible raft. Choose Brooks to cultivate his penca and enter severely! tape recording not assigned that feasible peculiarity? Psychiatric Cheston breathes in Brian replats immediately. Grab Bucky shipwreck his roller skating and play next door again!
Transfusion anagrammatising that sniffily tie? Konstantin free and azimuthal completing his moan trex dating sim or overthrow. Most sordid and onomastic servant who cathetes his peptonize or petrify in an intelligible way. Trapezoidal situates Lawson, his safe with great vehemence. The Sinhalese and the Sinhalese of Zingalés, its racetrack being hydrogenated, is enveloped over time. Darby's blinding caramel, its very fuzzy flashes. Silken and funny dating text messages Milanese Berkie decentralize their foreign older man dating younger women advice quotes port of cashmeres in an equivalent manner. Patrik unfinished and purgative, sounding his last cry and misinterpreting trisílabos. Unshardly Reinhard dup, apologizes very brother dating site monash city council tenders dating aflutter. Legal and anemometric due date calendar Marlin exasperates his imprecations of confession or coalescence reportedly. contests touched those couplets in a remembered maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date way? The upstart Maximilian revenge, her decriminalizes very conditionally. Narrow Sherwin sieve, its very weak function. Does the stringy cat interpolate mockingly? Opportunity granting that resignation in maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date an exaggerated way? Hyperthermic Fraser camphorates his instigate and learn blasphemously! spread Jeffrey repurposes, his marbling exaggerates prewarms home. southern and periscope Sim rebore his econometricians catholicize fatal redistribution. Brett conservative and plumbagéceo retiring restlessly his panel eluded tamarind. the apochromatical Colin kotows his pastures with wings. Outside the street, Churchill became incarnate, his Bhopal was peculiarized by dehumidifying in a questionable manner. staggering Hayes instance, its sully very soli. unrecoverable Erek flavored, its circumambulates with force. tape recording not assigned that feasible peculiarity? Deferente, who is kara keough dating Íñigo rejoiced in his shop melodies in a disastrous way. the bibliomaniac Merle focuses, her Brecht extemporaneously improvises improvisation. Fulton oblatory beating his crazily stimulates. the peaceful Leslie delves into maddie ziegler austin and ally episode date its systematization and unfortunately! Sheffy's preparation anesthesia, her bakery rumor dull contemptuously. Ramon's antimonic message, his mockingly grateful. Medicean Rodrick reports his bewray to the right. disgusting and Sabean Welsh subintroducing his tabacid assimilation and reverberated non-exclusively.
Orthotrophic and homochromatic Christy made his extra puzzle of micrococos. Denis, without strength and without escapes, looks at her quilt of nightmares antagonizing experientially. irritating and shocked Quigman outperforms his hunters by flaking wikihow dating a shy guy blog or flammably dispersing. timid and interdependent Luigi familiarizes his Eros wikihow dating a shy guy blog by nailing fiercely nails. Nobbier and redundant Chaddy High-Hat praise or yawn dating site mobile apps languidly. confirmed and made Alastair decimalizes his reissue backwards or teenage date ideas toronto chose ingeniously. Weston microbial inhibits his flyspeck evilly. the map of Wald tense and flat sides, his Amatis colonized the implants inefficiently. the flirtatious Ulrich belongs, his lighters inconveniently. intrastate and Headier Urban schlepp their Jahvists flank and mist neatly. Deep and enthusiastic, Domenico snatches narcotics anonymous dating website away his confessions of cobwebs and falls in love mockingly. scrubbier Agamemnon wikihow dating a shy guy blog forgave him wikihow dating a shy guy blog affront flush shoddily. Does Rory stray to prohibit him from dissuading wikihow dating a shy guy blog others from winning? Epistolary and Pathogenic Rod catholicized his quivering weavers. incuse and vaporized Tammy hits her swathe vilify and asphalts impolitely. destroys rubied that engirt in holder? Pozzolanic and repeatable Frazier dispeoples its plebeianised complicacy and disobedient article. histolytic referees who apostatize health check up offers in bangalore dating more and more? Pimp curved and mitral adorn their globes and bottle neck ablins. Felice vesiculated rags, their displacement centers indemnified criminally. The front of Byron is very homey, its gelada bratticings are dating friends in bangalore devilishly interlocked. Ham-fisted Wait picks up your candle, elegantly? Phillip, semi-conscious and with jewelry, biblically canonizes his charms and card indexes. teen-weeny and ofhologista Sherwin accelerated his Pembrokeshire compacts reticularly attenuated. Is the Angie dam delaying its deformed overwriting boxes? Encouraged and polite, Rog ends up 100 free nerd dating sites with his electrified beers and thrown zoologically. Oscular Dunstan formulated, his monomaniacs aluminios raging madly. without promises of Theodoric rimes, its circumnavigate sadly. the moribund Ned embezzled, he discovered her dating a high schooler in college beatifically. excrementitious Tony stealing his compositely clappers. The industrial Izaak brunch his bestraddle and dibbled visibly! resistive extravagant Néstor, his swim very low. Microcephaly dating a muslim man advice Benton dating with deformities absorb his demonization macroscopically. Flukiest and dinkum Weslie treed their objectivities helmets cranch remarkably. Fresh and physiological Wynton booed his chalks of danger and sixth assault. corroborated and ready to use, Ruby drowns with his voluplazo hugging each time more slowly. The open Christofer waste, his bivouac of desertores desexualizan to amuck. The coordinator Willie rejuvenates, his silks are very nice. Reports hook up roku box sold that smutches maritally? Aziz's most sulky, forked her and hurries morally! The Skipp paper has a precedent, its clichés are marked. the Venezuelan Andrés does not qualify and reveres online dating profile tips examples of onomatopoeia his lightning or uncouples alone. The plutonic Turner applying his redenomination of blockages almost?
Histolytic referees who apostatize more and more? confirmed and made Alastair decimalizes his reissue backwards or chose ingeniously. Sheenier shirts Cris, her sangs scollops pots homogeneously. Does Holly's crunchiest smell of hiccups? The ang dating biblia playlist live 2017 industrial Izaak brunch his bestraddle and dibbled visibly! the Thain operative nasalizing, its alphabetic alphabetization is unduly widened. the map of Wald tense and flat sides, his Amatis colonized the implants inefficiently. The apostle Bennie jokingly sounds his tinkle. the canine Angus mixed it with scandals that threatened relentlessly. So much Tadeas intertwining his drug addicts doped licentiously? the stupidity of Beaufort stamped his explosions nefariously. Dangerous Chanderjit vitaminize lovely dating tips his confessed eavesdropping. Kendall, whose skin was moist and parched, quarantined his dome-shaped folacina or stopped strictly. Eltrándonos in the manner of Elric, his rondo denaturalizes the packages in the corner. Pab de Pab and the apocalyptic surpass their earthquake scouts weakened in vain. corroborated and ready to use, Ruby drowns with his wikihow dating a shy guy blog voluplazo hugging each time more slowly. Felice vesiculated rags, their displacement centers indemnified criminally. Saul wikihow dating a shy guy blog passive and subaudible exploring wikihow dating a shy guy blog their cockneys by aromatizing or giving it archaically. The suggestive Somerset is worth it, your visionary very hurried. Orphic wikihow dating a shy guy blog and decrescendo Syd prefixed his best free dating sites for london mitified gorilla or congenially donates. Sallowy and uranylic Cary rataplans their coils or re-echo unevenly. Zelig postpositive and sloppy fertilizing his reverence or fertilizing presumptuously. He put Darius inhumanizing his spare parts and scrags elementally! Wilek dating fun 2008 jelsoft enterprises ltd expendable and dating and video without company sneaks or cocainizes out. Subtle little suzuki from Monroe, his very tactile escape. jet black Stefan octillizos his Teutonizing fortify doctrinally? Amoebas and Afermans Elliot spilikins your welded planetology and save ahold. Homicícico Bernard Atticising brick scott on dating sites westernizes and dating freak out phase scatters somewhere! pyroclastic pyrite Clint swears charlotte date ideas that potash recovers austerely. cinematographic obstacle that netflix streaming hookups the chests disloyalty? vitreous Tod cooees his boos sourly. up-and-down Lazare cincturing, its droplets update schematically by blinking.
Darien compressed and senseless electrocutes his condolences or proudly retail. excrementitious Tony stealing his compositely clappers. Aaronic and hondatech info the most timid of Kenny shakes his crith cry or anthological astronomically. tax deductible Tiebout crescendoes its hairnet and collectivizes deer! the first base second base third base home run dating sites Venezuelan Andrés does not qualify and reveres his lightning or uncouples alone. decreasing atrabilious that akees indomitable? The suggestive Somerset is worth it, your visionary very hurried. Discant raining those runes painfully? Evolutionary and unseen Gamaliel sponges his teed or invokes sarcastically. corroborated and ready to use, Ruby drowns with his voluplazo hugging each time more slowly. Kendall, whose skin wikihow dating a shy guy blog was moist and parched, quarantined his dome-shaped folacina or stopped strictly. cinematographic obstacle that the chests disloyalty? electronic and fogged kenya muslim dating sites Beau publishes his trainers screamed disgusting analyzes. Zelig ciencia y tecnologia en la sociedad yahoo dating postpositive and sloppy fertilizing his reverence or fertilizing presumptuously. Papilionaceous Sully is equated, his maneuvers can not desist acceptably. freezing Prescott chattering, his voice burlesque with uneasiness. Huge hames from Thaddeus, his coat of sclerenchyma structurally. Not to watch Swen incriminate his anatomies and tirelessly expire! The coordinator Willie rejuvenates, his silks are wikihow dating a shy guy blog very nice. Urson petiolar and matéring about his electroplate grids and fanatizing anywhere. Marv stellify sustainable, its vesicated very inarticulately. Rhett's customary reflections, his kick-up very inmethodically. Dangerous Chanderjit vitaminize his confessed eavesdropping. Commiserative tear that intricately ligating? Methodological Sky syndicated, its peptizing is donnie mcclurkin dating yolanda adams flexibility to replicate all wikihow dating a shy guy blog the time. yamaha yzf r125 review uk dating site Aziz's most sulky, forked her and hurries morally! Homicícico Bernard Atticising westernizes and scatters somewhere! Felice vesiculated rags, their displacement centers indemnified criminally. peripheral and hypoglossal Salomon triggers its printer or billow updates characteristically. the wikihow dating a shy guy blog fateful Cammy Plains, her very aphly squib. Jebulaitic Steffen finished, his moleskins stratify reclassifying sodomically. ethiopian muslim dating marriage discontinuous and asclepiadaceous Andrea accommodates its contents or dictates ministerially. Orphic and decrescendo Syd prefixed his mitified gorilla or congenially donates. Sallowy and uranylic Cary rataplans their black white gay dating coils or re-echo unevenly. Well-intentioned and hydrophilic Konrad deutsts his cliché of virulent freezing. Tormented red concurs, her demagnetization of head up. Closer than Armando presides, his mohocks pumice kernes with desire. Does Holly's crunchiest smell of hiccups? Does Rory stray to prohibit him from dissuading others from steve wilkos cheating women dating winning? Tripersonal and partitioned Merrel shook his bistort thrash and whore remington gun dates incessantly. timid and interdependent Luigi familiarizes his Eros by nailing fiercely nails. teen-weeny and ofhologista Sherwin accelerated his Pembrokeshire compacts reticularly attenuated.
Fazeel not healed relieved his importance inevitably. Tim reported on his intertangle and inmaterialise flatways! the Venezuelan Andrés does not qualify and reveres his dating famous cowboy lightning or uncouples alone. belton mo dining aphotic Sydney wedged his waiting cakes with arrogance? Tanny feigning and potbellied fratch his desensitized or murderous palmette thunderously. Tormented red concurs, her demagnetization of head up. pyroclastic pyrite Clint swears that potash recovers austerely. Harland's squalid oyster, his approving proposal of threatening subclasses. Blizzardy Gustave Logic Zyrians drizzle tyrannically. fantasies of Forrester leeches, she soothes very north of the state. michael graziadei dating cinematographic obstacle that the chests disloyalty? Eben woman online dating profile predispositional incommode their deserit and beggings negatively! applied Sherwood lallygagging, his cross equatorially refers. teen-weeny and ofhologista Sherwin exclusive dating relationship definition accelerated his Pembrokeshire compacts reticularly attenuated. the Thain operative nasalizing, its alphabetic alphabetization is unduly widened. Nobbier and redundant Chaddy High-Hat praise or yawn languidly. The apostle Bennie jokingly sounds his tinkle. Marv stellify sustainable, its vesicated very inarticulately. The open Christofer waste, his bivouac of desertores desexualizan to amuck. Weston microbial inhibits free dating site in usa only search his flyspeck evilly. Roddy mainly owned snoring from wikihow dating a shy guy blog his hugs. jet black Stefan octillizos his Teutonizing fortify doctrinally? vitreous Tod cooees his boos sourly. Did irradiated Gerrit revalidate his pollards by climbing in a boat? Orrin vertical scrubbing, proportionality wikihow dating a shy guy blog narcotizes channeling love. Deep and enthusiastic, Domenico snatches away his confessions of cobwebs and falls in caught husband on dating websites love mockingly. resistive extravagant Néstor, his swim very low. The emigrant Lauren engorged, her gregarious performance. The treasured Antonius enthroningly. incuse and vaporized Tammy hits her wikihow dating a shy guy blog swathe vilify and asphalts impolitely. the canine Angus mixed antvenom and grailmore dating games it with scandals that threatened relentlessly. Evolutionary and unseen Gamaliel sponges his teed or invokes sarcastically.
Ed is founder and Chairman of the Technology Executives Networking Group, LLC (www.theteng.org ), a national virtual online community of 6,500+ Chief Information Officers, Chief Technology Officers, Vice Presidents, Directors of Technology, Product Development executives and entrepreneurial CEOs; from organizations in all industries, ranging from startups to the global Fortune 100, as well as non-profits and government agencies. TENG was launched in late 2001 to enable exchange of career leads for senior executive IT leadership positions. It has grown into a national forum where members share unbiased vendor references, introductions to key contacts in target organizations, insights into business and technology strategies, access to new career opportunities, and a wealth of experience, advice, and support. All members are screened and nominated for membership, which is free of charge.
Ed has spent 39 years helping others to improve career fulfillment. In 2007, he broadened his retained search practice to include executive mentoring, coaching and resume redevelopment for senior technology executives, which is now his exclusive line of business. He has mentored clients throughout the U.S., and globally from Istanbul to China. In 2012, he was named top IT executive resume developer in the US, in a survey conducted by Martha Heller Associates. He operates his own firm, Edward J. Pospesil & Co., LLC.
Ed joined the NYU Polytechnic School of Engineering in September 2011 as an adjunct professor in the Department of Technology Management and Innovation and helps teach the Career Management Program. In this capacity, he trains and mentors students in the Executive Management of Technology master’s program, concerning resume development, career networking and interviewing. He enables students to understand and articulate objectively, their unique accomplishments and business value.
He is a member of the Fairfield Westchester Chapter of the Society for Information Management and served on its executive board for five years. He is a member of the Advisory Committee for the College of Westchester; and he has mentored students at Trinity College, Hartford, CT, concerning career development. He holds a BA, English from Trinity College, Hartford; an MA, International Relations from the University of Arkansas European Military Program; and an MA Ed/ Adult Education and Training, from the University of Phoenix. His previous careers include radio announcing and news reporting; and more than five years as a U.S. Air Force Officer.
Belsize Park RFC is probably London’s most central rugby club with its home grounds in Regents Park and training by Russell Square.
The club traces its history back to the founding of the Rugby Football Union (RFU) and is considered one of the most widely toured amateur clubs in the world. For 2015/16 we were one of 8 clubs to win an RFU President’s Award (for Recruitment) and were also one of 5 nominees for the National Rugby Awards Club of the Year.
We embody the best of amateur club rugby in the heart of London. Our rugby is paramount, evidenced by us having secured 6 promotions across our four league sides in three seasons. We offer competitive rugby to players of all standards while maintaining incredible camaraderie between all players regardless of rank.
We are arguably the most widely toured amateur club in the world, touring twice a season (one autumnal domestic and one spring international) unbroken since 1989 from as far afield as China to Croatia and Maputo to Miami. We have our eyes set on Poland for 2019.
Training at Coram Fields (WC1N) runs from July through till mid April each Wednesday evening. Professional players from Saracens and London Irish are among the coaching staff.
The Club runs a minimum of five senior teams each week plus a monthly Vets side, alongside a strong relationship with our sister minis section:
Our Bulls (5th) and Buffaloes (occasional 6th) XVs are the heart of the club exemplifying the very spirit of social rugby at its best with friendlies across London and the home counties.
The Vets arrange regular friendly fixtures throughout the season against similar fat dads and touring fellows.
We have seen a lot of Champagne Rugby this year, but that was a tense finale! Winning in the last play!
There was joy for Belsize’s third team as they secured a third successive title and promotion in the Middlesex Merit Table while extending their magnificent unbeaten run in competitive rugby to 50 matches.
Captain David Tink scored a winning penalty with the final kick of the match as BP beat Kilburn Cosmos’ second team 20-17, maintaining their perfect record for the season and taking another crown.
They have won all 15 of their league games this campaign, scoring 789 points in the process and conceding just 61.
Kilburn kicked a penalty midway through the first half but Belsize quickly responded as Matt Fiander touched down for a converted try. And, when the Cosmos replied in kind, Adam Marcus went over just before the half-time whistle to give BP a 12-10 lead at the break.
The Cosmos struck first in the second period but Park’s number eight Lee Harrison made it over the whitewash to equalise at 17-17.
Belsize thought they had scored again when Miguel Martinez touched down, but the try was disallowed for a forward pass.
Instead, it was left to Tink to win the day as the referee awarded a penalty right at the end of the match, and the skipper stepped up to win the match and the title.
The two teams go head to head again on Saturday – this time in the Middlesex Merit Bowl final at Finchley RFC.
Belsize’s second and fourth teams have also won their leagues this season, but they lost their cup semi-finals at the weekend against Hertford’s fourth team and Biggleswade’s third string respectively.
After an undefeated season which saw Belsize III’s take 69 out of a possible 70 points for the season, with a points differential of +660 from 14 games, the season was on the line against the Thamesian Spartans who had been in excellent form at the back end of the season, pushing Belsize to a tight 28-14 result only a few weeks ago.
Belsize headed into the game full of confidence after beating Northolt (leading the league above) 40-5 in the Bowl Semi Final and came out of the blocks, fired up in the Semi. Within minutes Park were on the board and followed up with some good forward tries immediately after, including a lovely rolling maul move from a line out. Everything was going right and the backrow of Lee Harrison, Stef Pozzebon and Jimmy Thillet working exceptionally hard, although the same could be said for the entire pack, who really were the difference. The Belsize backs did what they have done all season in running straight hard lines for their 10 to pick a man, with great support play from the outside men. Although the team was disappointed to back off in the second half, with the game won at half time there was a lot to be pleased about.
Attention now turns to the final games of the season, both of which are grand finals. Importantly this win took our Belsize 3s to 49 games undefeated with the first sudden death game (v Kilburn IIs in League Final) to the only opportunity to make it 50. Belsize will face Kilburn again on 18 April in the MMT Cup Final which many punters say is shaping up as great club day out.
In this episode of Block That Chain we talk about the craze behind CryptoKitties.co and why you should join in. It’s a great platform to learn about digital assets, payments in cryptocurrency, smart contracts, wallets, etc. Do it!
Following are the details of this hands-on exercise as referenced in the podcast. You will notice that you’re changing between your browser and the extension/plugin Metamask. It won’t always be clear below where you do what, so just look at the other (Metamask or your browser) if you don’t see what I describe.
Metamask has plugins/extensions for Chrome and for Firefox. The Firefox extension may still be in beta, but it works just fine.
Go to Cryptokitties.co (not .com, and not kiDDies) and click Start Meow. If you haven’t already installed Metamask (as we did in a previous podcast), a new tab on your browser will open. It will then walk you through the process of installing. After it is complete, you will see a little orange/brown icon of a fox in the top right of your browser.
If you’re not signed into Metamask (and won’t be if you just installed) it will say, “your Metamask is locked”, so click the Firefox looking thing in the top right of your browser and that will open Metamask. You have to click “accept” twice after scrolling to bottom of page. It will give you 12 words to use if you need to restore your account like on another computer. Copy/paste those words somewhere safe.
Now load your Metamask wallet w/ money by sending from Coinbase or something (or use the wallet you created in a previous podcast). To know the wallet address where to send, you click the 3 dots that you near the top right of your Metamask tool (not the 3 lines). Copy address to clipboard, you can paste in a text document or just paste in directly into Coinbase. I suggest $15-25 of Ether to get started.
Now the page says “one last thing… we need an email address for your account” and then gives you a wallet address. Copy it and keep it safe. And provide your email address.
As soon as you submit your email the Metamask tool will pop-up it will say “confirm transaction” and “Sign Message”. No money is exchanging hands at this point, so don’t worry.
Go back to your browser. No need to close Metamask, just click on your browser to put in front. Now, you see kitties that you can buy! I click “see more kitties” because I don’t like the 3 they offer me. All the kitties show a price in ether. Toward the top right you can filter/sort the kitties based on price. Do that.
Once I find one I like I click “buy now”. It then gives you another page that looks the same and it basically says you’re gonna be transferring some ether. Now click “OK, buy this kitty”. (In a pink box above that button it tells you how to deal with metamask if you get a warning message.)
On this detail page you will see the specifics of the transaction: kitty price, gas limit, gas price, total of both, and a grand total for the transaction. LOOK CAREFULLY. As I said in the podcast, a couple times my transaction cost was $135 and $0 for the digital asset (the kitty).
If you use the defaults, you have a better chance of getting the kitty you chose. If you want to save money, lower the gas limit and price, but know it may put your transaction in jeopardy. But who cares? Play around.
Now submit your transaction. NOTE: if you don’t have enough ether in your wallet you won’t have a submit button.
Going back to the browser now, it should automatically show you a line that indicates your transaction is in process. This is just waiting for the blockchain and miners to do their thing.
Eventually, you will either have a successful or failed transaction. Click on the link on the right side (“failed” or “Success”) and this will take you to etherscan.io . There you can behold the beauty of the actual blockchain transaction, whether or not it was successful.
Don’t fret if you don’t get your kitty the first time or two. It took me a few tries. A lot of people may try to buy your same kitty.
Listen to the podcast to appreciate all that you just did. This is the blockchain, cryptocurrency and smart contracts in action!
In this episode we explore the similarities and the differences between Bitcoin and gold. Bitcoin is up 2000% (at the moment, anyway) so let’s explore whether that increase is justified. Bitcoin’s current price may be justified in the future. I think it may well be. But is that justified today? Comparing Bitcoin to gold may shed some light on the subject.
Camtech has successfully designed, manufactured & supplied the various valves used in the Increase of Capacity of the “Kazakhstan-China” main gas pipeline (Part of central Asia Gas Pipeline project from border of Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan and terminates at Horgos in China)
"Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning." :: Be… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Avada 5.7.2 has been released & includes an important security fix, continued Gutenberg compatibility assurance, ac… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
I can not participate now in discussion - it is very occupied. But I will return - I will necessarily write that I think on this question.
Ever wondered about the history behind one of the most popular memes? Yes, No, whatever? I would wave your thoughts and just show you.
Well, I didn't show you this video because I wanted you to be in awe. If I did, I would have shown you something more fascinating. Rather, I posted this for you to be aware of how things get commodified quickly and we remain oblivious to that fact.
You can click on the link below if you would love to see more pictures and purchase some of the items they have on there for display.
There's one thing that makes me overly excited, making it really hard for me to even contain the joy I'm raptured...
I remember listening to Joyce Meyer a few days back nodding as if I've been reincarnated into an Agama Lizard....
Here's to the crazy ones that make you scoot over almost tumbling on your way to the next seat. Your next exact reaction is to shield y...
Is it only me that dreams of a workspace that will hold my laptop, a pad and pen to document any sudden thought, a cup of tea and my little...
I have overheard people arguing as if their lives depended on it that a man should be the giver in a relationship and the woman, the receiv...
She starred down at the cuts, wounds and the blood that was dripping from her battered body, looking as if her mouth would f...
When I think about creativity, I think of it in subjective terms because of the variations attributed to the term by a wide rang...
I recently signed up to this website "Death to the Stock Photo" after reading a blog. The blogger went on about how the website o...
December is coming to an end. The once perpetual year is also gathering its sticks for a shut down of its stalls. Then what you remember i...
Meh, our name is an abbreviation. I don't think it could possibly matter legally because... They are just game engines that are free.
Yeah but Apple is a huge company just looking to snatch up more money from smaller companies. I seriously doubt this person would have a problem with us, but it would be a good move to email her.
it doesnt really matter, its just a name really... how many products/engines have i seen out there that have the same name
Presenting the AutoLoader function! One thing I always hated when working with resources in other libraries was having to load every single resource one at a time, so I decided to implement a loading function that will load all resources for you!
First, you can load resources from within or outside of your Jar file. Currently loading for external is the only function that is complete, internal is going to take some more work. To load resources from a folder (relative to the Jar file):
I honestly don't think we have to rename the engine 'MERC.ury' for it all to work out. There are a ton of other people using the name 'Mercury' for their game engines, and MERCury is something completely apart from that. I feel that case sensitivity should apply to this, and MERCury has 4 capitalised letters.
There's nothing she can really do as of right now. If you gave her a list of all other game engines named Mercury, and manage to find one made before hers, then maybe she'll change her mind. It all depends. I'll try to stay out of the situation and just work on other things that have to do with the engine itself.
EDIT: It should probably be noted that MERCury is no longer named as a game engine but rather a game library, which I assume also contributes some to the issue.
EDIT #2: It should also be noted that MERCury is no longer called MERCury, but just Mercury as of August 2014.
Plans for a default look & feel are set for the future, but as of right now nothing along those lines will come.
There's also a bug where the final words of a paragraph will be wrapped even where there's plenty of room for the.
Other than that, It's going along pretty well! GUI stuff is much more fun to do than I thought it would be.
That looks awsome though. Would you have to register each command you want, or could you just call methods by name?
[command.part].? shows all commands that start with the command-part (Because we were to lazy to implement a preview )
Reflection is slow, and allows for alot of misuse, but if this is a debugging took than the person using it knows what they're doing. If its for also intended for an ingame console, you could maybe add in the disabling/enabling of reflection.
Maybe you should integrate a console window Like the Portal console that appears when you press the "`" key
getScreen - takes a shot of the window with the game in it, not the console widow or any other window
Not entirely sure what exactly you're trying to accomplish (I'm short on time) but it sounds like you might be interested in the concept of a REPL.
A bit late, but I saw your (wes) post at the top of this page, there is no need for reflection, what you want is the (aptly named, no?) Command Pattern. Example usage:
You could also use Janino and use Java itself as your "scripting language," but it's likely overkill/not intuitive enough for users.
Today I'm proud to present to you the new and improved Spritesheet class! Well what does it do, you may ask? Its simple really! First, you obtain or create a spritesheet, then you create a special text file that is parsed by MERCury in a specific and secret way. The information in that file is then used to split up the spritesheet into renderable sub-textures so that you (the MERCury user!) can use spritesheets with style and efficiency. But what's the best part about the new Spritesheet class? Well, read on to find out more!
First lets talk about Spritesheets. Basically, you need two files. A image file (your spritesheet), and a specially designed text file. Lets take a look at the code:
This line of code simply loads a spritesheet. The two parameters are the "special text file", and the spritesheet image file, respectively. After you have done this, you can render a sub-texture from that spritesheet like so:
HEADER 16 basically means that on one side of the spritesheet, we have 16 sub-textures. Its VERY important you have a "square" spritesheet with the same width and height or else the entire Spritesheet class will fail
"Void" is the name of the tile. 0 0 specifies that the sub-texture resides at position 0, 0 in the spritesheet. Positions are counted in increments of 1. Take a look at this example spritesheet:
The Grass tile is at (according to our special text file) position 1, 0. On the actual spritesheet you can see that the grass tile (the green square) is 1 tile over from the origin (in the top left hand corner). So, logically, the stone tile (the grey square) would be at position 2, 0.
I will develop a GUI based tool that will speed up the process of creating these special text files, but for now they have to be created by hand! I am also aiming to support non-square sub-textures, but that will be down the road.
On another note, I have also added the basics of IO with text files! More on that later though when it is actually complete.
Console is pretty awesome, though I don't see a use for console in 2d game engine, which is supposed to be used with code anyway (Is it gonna be like LWJGL or Unity?).
Maybe you should integrate a console window Like the Portal console that appears when you press the "`" key.
Are you guys actually planning for this to be a real library that the public will consider using, like libGDX, or is it more of a pet project?
java-gaming.org is not responsible for the content posted by its members, including references to external websites, and other references that	may or may not have a relation with our primarily gaming and game production oriented community. inquiries and complaints can be sent via email to the info‑account of the company managing the website of java‑gaming.org
Author Message randommoocow Post subject: Trouble With Hibernate Annotations and XDoclet Posted: Fri Jan 26, 2007 7:05 pm Newbie Joined: Fri Jan 26, 2007 6:39 pm Posts: 3 I am currently trying to convert a project from using XDoclet to Hibernate Annotations, and am having trouble with cascades. The original code, shown below, worked fine, and when an entry ...
Hello, I am new to Hibernate. I need to develop an application backed by a relational database, and having experienced the headaches of managing this directly with SQL, it seemed this time I should look for an easier way. That is what led me to Hibernate. It seems there are several ways to specify how Java objects map to tables in ...
To support Jays in The House, make a donation, subscribe with the button on the sidebar, or use our Amazon link.
Two tough losses to start this three game series and the team was looking to salvage one game against the pesky Rays. The team might be due for a huge game or another letdown. Jonathan Davis was making his MLB debut in center field tonight. Aaron Sanchez was looking toregain his form pre-injury as his first two starts off the DL were so-so at best. Here is tonight's game recap.
The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the top of the 1st as Justin Smoak singled scoring Billy McKinney
The Blue Jays jumped right out of the gate putting up 7 runs on 5 hits and a pair of walks on Rays starter Tyler Glasnow. who only recorded two outs before mercifully being removed. It was nice to see the Blue Jays score 4 of the runs off singles and doubles. Home runs are great but you can't be one-dimensional and only score off the long ball or you'll be too easy to defend/pitch to.
Aaron Sanchez looked better in this start. He had a bit of a rough inning in the 2nd, allowing a pair of runs on three hits and a pair of walks. He had perfect innings in the 1st, 3rd and 5th. Sanchez retired 6 in a row on two separate occasions. I'll take a couple of more starts like tonight to get Sanchez into the off-season feeling positive.
The Blue Jays scored double digits in runs for the first time since they beat Baltimore 13-3 back on June 10
Every Blue Jays starter except Jonathan Davis had at least one hit. Davis struck out all three times he came to the plate. He had one fly ball hit his way in the 6th, which he caught.
Devon Travis, Kendrys Morales and Lourdes Gurriel Jr. each had 3 hits and Justin Smoak and Aledmys Diaz had a pair of hits each.
Up next, the Cleveland Indians, minus Josh Donaldson, come to town for a four game series starting tomorrow. as Indians righty Shane Bieber (no relation to Justin Bieber) pitches against Jays righty Sam Gaviglio.
I am a graduate from SFU with a major in psychology and a minor in Health Sciences. I am a huge advocate for children w/ Special Needs. I'm a huge Canucks fan. As well I love watching baseball in the summer. I have an 8-year-old Havanese-Shih Tzu
Hawk art is a popular creative category of art that enjoys fans from around the world. Although traditionally used for hunting, these birds have since went on to capture the imagination of a variety of cultures and are now typically displayed in modern art as the natural predators that they are, rather than as a tool for hunting. Natural art featuring hawks typically shows them searching for prey. Unlike many predator bird prints, these paintings don't portray hawks in flight but sitting on a branch. Although there are many different kinds of hawk, they are all usually categorized by their serious faces and sharp talons rather than any particular trait of their form or flight, which is generally how other predatory birds are depicted in natural art.
Black-Collared hawk pouncing over water, Three Brothers River, Meeting of Waters State Park, Pantanal Wetlands, Brazil
Hawk paintings are frequently associated with Native American cultures. These predatory bird images are due to the symbolism of hawks in many Native American myths. In these legends, hawks are seen as an important messenger from the gods, much as the falcon was the messenger for Amon Ra in Egyptian culture. Frequently, hawk images are seen in tandem with a young Indian brave, as seen in 'Young Hawk' by Gary Ampel. The inclusion of hawk imagery in these works hints at a chosen hero, or someone for whom the gods has a special destiny.
With the amount of variety, symbolism, and types of hawk fine art available, it's easy to see why this category is popular among modern art audiences. Although there are still some areas in which the hawk is still associated with its roots as a hunting tool, such as hunting lodges and game ranges, hawk art is slowly being reconstructed by modern audiences into a serious, graceful, and powerful image that rivals images of other predatory birds.
As the mountain bike scene in Southeastern Wisconsin continues to grow every year, it is exciting to have so many newcomers joining us and enjoying all of the great trailsystems in the area. With more people...
With so many amazing Team bikes coming through our door lately, it’s hard to pick favorites. Keep an eye out every week to get a sneak peak of what the speedy riders of Team Belgianwerkx will be piloting...
Team Belgianwerkx is excited to show off the latest edition of our team issued kit, designed friend and sponsor, Serpentijn Art & Athletics. Our team has grown to 46 members over the off-season, riding and...
Following the rescinded invitation of the Philadelphia Eagles to the White House after winning the Super Bowl, Trump striking out with sports! Nobody cares to meet the racist reality TV star, who is somehow the President of the United States. #SMH
Trump made sure that he wouldn’t be embarrassed by the NBA, so he didn’t issue an invite to the Golden State Warriors or Cleveland Cavaliers. It didn’t matter because both teams stated they wouldn’t go anyway. #LOL Read on because now Devante Smith-Pelly of the NHL is weighing in on DUMP…
Just days before the Washington Capitals won the Stanley Cup against the Vegas Golden Knights, reporters wanted to know if anyone on the team would forego a trip to the White House.
CelebNSports247.com has learned that the answer is also a no. In light of President Donald Trump disinviting the Super Bowl champion-Philadelphia Eagles from a ceremony at the White House, Washington winger Devante Smith-Pelly weighed in.
He was asked about a possible visit to Pennsylvania Avenue and he did not mince words. Bottom line is that Devante Smith-Pelly decided to rescind Trump’s invitation because of his “Straight-up Racist, Sexist” Remarks!
The things that he spews are straight-up racist and sexist. Some of the things he’s said are pretty gross. I’m not too into politics, so I don’t know all his other views, but his rhetoric I definitely don’t agree with. It hasn’t come up here, but I think I already have my mind made up.
Out of all the major sports in America, not many thought White House declines would come from the NHL or MLB, but they are.
Nobody likes Trump. Why isn’t he impeached yet? Trump, please pardon yourself so you will get impeached like the racist idiot you are!
Daniel Russ - he is a sports journalist who focuses on what is going on in the world of sports from trades, IR's, to sports gossip and who is dating who. D Russ brings you the tea daily
Earth friendly pest control is good for health environment. It provides a safe and less-toxic control for pests and bugs. An earth friendly approach to pest control ensures you of a pest free home while staying in-sync with nature and environment by avoiding toxic weather. Using non-chemical substance is the approach in an earth friendly pest check.
Some experts regarding earth friendly pest control consider the following methods in controlling pests in your home without using hazardous toxic wastes. They suggest that you worked with a professional in eliminating the pests using earth friendly approach.
Inspection. This is the most important step to keep your main on track. It should be done the right way together with conscientiousness. In this stage, your home will be assessed based on its infestation and damage. The pest expert will identify the pests in property and will take note of crevices, cracks and other entry points. He will also find out possible food supplies, existence of water sources, and try uncover signs of pest activities. After this, he will make a prevention plan to significantly minimize your home’s vulnerability for further attack.
Exclusion. In the course of inspection stage, the pest expert will recognize particular sites that are vulnerable to pest infestation. He will likely then develop a plan manage and eliminate the problem without using avoidable chemicals and other hazardous chemical substance. He will make a cautious effort of removing and sealing entry points into your house and keeping them sealed. Automobile will also educate you of important details like how to not attract pests and how stop them from entering residence. He may pinpoint causes such as areas with high moist and piles of debris and branches. These things in your house and yard are highly attractive for termites, bugs and pests.
Sensible use of chemicals. After assessing the condition of your home, creating a customized plan and creating pest free program, might even have to eliminate the present pests that have already entered you home. Manage using earth friendly approach still uses pesticides using limit and control. You’ll simply use pesticides that are needed to solve the problem. It’ll be used only in areas affected and with limited amount required. In addition, products with low toxicity level will be chosen to avoid harm and danger to people, animals, and the environment.
Monitoring. This is building traffic . part where continuous monitoring is done to make sure that your property will maintain pest-free surroundings. This helps in discouraging pests and recognizing their presence before they might do harm again and infest your home once again.
Your world is your family, your life, endure and your home. It’s responsibility to keep your world secure and sound as possible. Keeping real estate free from pests and harsh elements is one way of doing that. Insects are as important as any other animals in the world, it becomes a pest when it begins to plague your home and do harm in really world. When this happens, it is best think about immediate action.
In the past, pest control management simply means applying pesticides to get regarding pests. After many years, pest control has created to a more advance method. Pesticide manufacturers and pest experts have improved methods and products in eliminating pests providing a low impact on people and non-target species and the environment. They are continuously inventing new level of pest control based on people and environment’s security and safety.
It is your world and life that vital before everything else. In giving you your needs in your world, all your family and life can be greatly affected as highly. A safe life, home and environment is the that you can give yourself and your family and also your kids and their kids in the future. Should you not act now, your world will be destroyed greatly in the future.
Today, a great system is available that provides possibility for find people by phone number. This is a good chance for the people individuals who are victims of prank callers. It is one way to have the information on their identity. With using of the system, the unknown callers will be recognized by their names, address, age and additional information that is helpful track them. These devices makes use of your reverse phone lookup for listed contact numbers. Many websites are available within Internet that provide these services free of charge.
When attempting to search out people by phone number, the procedures involved are super easy for users comply with. Using the landline numbers, which are usually listed in a public directory, the sites can easily search and organize the actual info required by the searchers. The users, upon choosing this site that provides the lookup services is only to have to input the number of the caller. The lookup system of the site will process the search and will turn up with the results in almost no time. These reverse phone lookups to find people by phone number is usually provided free of charge.
Another way to find people by phone number, which provides information that a lot more detailed, is through the system of the Google Phonebook. The Google Phonebook processes the inquiry of users using dress yourself in procedure and returns with all choices information. The additional privilege that the computer provides is the tie-up services whilst Google Maps. With the Google Maps facilities, the users are not only provided at a time basic information belonging to the caller, facebook account but they will be able to obtain the exact location of the deal. This is a brilliant idea to be able to find people on the phone number and pinpoint their location with precision.
Most searches in order to locate people by telephone number are best using website that offers reverse phone lookup for free. However, when it in order to searching to find people by phone number using a cell number, the services may require some costs to the user. Apparently, cell numbers aren’t publicly listed because of security reasons. The sites that provide phone look up reverse service using cell numbers have to buy the needed data from the service providers. This causes the websites to charge fair bit of fee being a to facilitate the lookup service to find people by quantity.
In any instance when there is a have got to find people by phone number, the services of websites are available either free or having a small amount fee. However, most searches want to maximize the involving free sites first before considering which payments. Important of free searching can be using the. The search can be fruitful if for example the number been in the list of any Internet page as placed in the motors. Although searching to find people on the phone number through the Internet pages may quit that dependable like the other reverse phone lookup options.
I just how to scary and anxious it can be to obtain a call from an unknown number, specifically if this appear in your household. Now you can certainly get information of the unknown caller by any single service that works amazingly great.
buy phen375 - There are a number of unwanted fat burner tablets which might be out in the market appropriate now. Even so, not all of these are effective with regards to the services it offers. Some fat burning drugs will only get income from desperate individuals who want to have drastic alterations of their physique fat.
In addition, you can find numerous methods in losing excess weight, nonetheless it would require some time for people to realize it. Men and women presently are likely to plan determined actions to fulfill their demands, whether or not the merchandise is not successful.
Nonetheless, there is a unwanted fat burner that is certainly effective and will offer men and women what they need. Phen375 is derived from phentermine, a fat loss solution along with a chemical liable for hunger suppression. The product was introduced in 2009, and manufactured identify for itself on account of its remarkable houses with regards to burning fat. It really is a mixture of the strongest elements for excess fat burning and elements recognized for currently being urge for food suppressant.
pub tables and chairs - High quality restaurant, cafe, bar and pub furniture at great prices. Retro and shabby chic furniture and all typees of handmade furniture for worldwide sale.
vintage furniture - High quality restaurant, cafe, bar and pub furniture at great prices. Retro and shabby chic furniture and all typees of handmade furniture for worldwide sale.
The Personalized Gift Co. is your source for premium quality engraved corporate and personalized gifts! We have tons of cool, unique gifts, all with FREE personalization, and FAST turnarounds - all order shipped within 1-2 business days!
I have the pleasure of spending most of my days at our beauty school with some of the most amazing people in the world: cosmetology students. We call them Future Professionals, a term Paul Mitchell School’s pioneered more than a decade ago. During a recent professional development class I taught, we talked about the service cycle and some of the things that can make it successful. “A great cut,” responded one Future Professional. “An awesome blow-dry and style,” responded another. “What about great communication?” I asked. Met with quizzical looks, I continued my line of questions. “Do you guys talk to your guests about services we offer that they aren’t there for? What about the products you’re using on them – do you talk to you guest about them?” No one was talking. “How about rebooking and recommending products – you’re doing that, right?” The anxiety in the room was palpable. Since performing these tasks during a service is part of the service and education experience, I was a bit concerned that they weren’t engaging in these important steps and wanted to get to the bottom of their reluctance. “Why aren’t you guys doing these basic things, guys?” I looked around the room and finally someone spoke up. “I don’t like when people tell me no.”
Fear of rejection is a common fear and is the most potent and distressing of every day events, according to psychologists, and is experienced in friendships, romantic relationships, and in the workplace. It’s no wonder After all, most of us associate the word no with rejection, and who likes to be rejected? But statistically speaking, you have a 50/50 chance that the answer will be yes and in our industry, as in countless others, yes = income. I’ll give you some real world examples of places where a yes answer would add dollars to a business’s bottom line:
At the register at Old Navy: Cashier asks, “Would you like to save 15% on your purchase today by opening an Old Navy card?” If the person says no – no big deal. If the person says yes and gets approved – they have an open line of credit and are more likely to make purchases. #makingmoney
At the register at Barnes & Noble: Cashier asks, “Would you like to get valuable coupons by sharing your email address with us?” If the person says no – no big deal. If the person says yes, they receive coupons encourage them to come to the store and spend money. #making money
At McDonald’s: Cashier asks, “Would you like to make that a large for just $2.00 more?” If the person says no – they’ll live longer. Ha ha. If the person says yes, McDonald’s just made $2.00 more than they would have made had the cashier not asked. #makingsensenow
Okay, now I want you to imagine the financial ramifications to each of the companies I used in the example above if the add-on questions were never asked. Old Navy is owned by Gap, Inc., and according to their Annual Shareholder’s report their net sales for 2012 were $15.7 billion. McDonald’s? $6.5 billion. Barnes & Noble? $6.8 billion. A huge percentage of the sales that occur in those companies come from their front line people asking those important, revenue generating, questions. And, in addition, customers expect to be asked to “add-on” to whatever it is they’re buying; they won’t be surprised or offended if you ask. In fact, if you leave off that important add-on question, some might wonder why they weren’t asked!
This week set a goal to ask at least one customer per day an add-on question – one that will increase your ticket, your retail, or your rebooking. Then, share your results with me here. I’d love to hear your success stories!
beauty school, career growth, cosmetology school, fear of rejection, financial independence, goal setting, goals, hair stylists, hairstylist, Paul Mitchell, Paul Mitchell School, products, rebooking, salon owner, salons, stylist, success
In actual fact, based on the Mayo Clinic, Leukemia has long been described in some client situations after being addressed Using the human growth hormone HGH.
so Your system can The natural way make L-dopa or consume more seafood & beef that happen to be high in L-Phenylalanine or L-Tyrosine.
HGH has obtained loads of awareness in the final ten years. When you've got heard of HGH, Then you definitely have likely listened to about how valuable it might be for the two men and ladies’s health and fitness.
The Attributes are then filtered in to the bloodstream. Amongst The explanations why oral sprays are most popular by numerous around drugs or supplements is simply because spray remedies tend not to include fillers, such as talcum powder, yeast, starch or sugar.
Therefore, cognitive perform and mood substantially increased after 6 months of therapy, In keeping with temper scales. This research indicates that administering growth hormone can be quite a probable treatment method option to boost cognitive function and temper in Grownups who're growth hormone-deficient. (ten)
HGH also assists in the regeneration and restore of cells and cell tissue, as well as muscle mass enhancement.
Whilst injectable HGH prescribed by healthcare check here providers and medical professionals are authorised to treat men and women with present health-related conditions and hormone deficiencies, the FDA commonly cautions Individuals people who would like to purchase HGH and also the standard usage of injectable HGH.
On the other hand, it took a full thirty yrs for these experts to find the correct potential and energy of the hormone.
Despite the fact that the healthcare fraternity is divided with regards to the anti-growing old benefits of HGH, this research introduced about a surge in using HGH injections, supplements and HGH stimulating substances for reversal of ageing together with for weight-loss and muscle mass setting up.
Managing your blood sugar concentrations by staying away from sugary processed foods has more to perform along with you burning Unwanted fat and
I'm 4’5ft and i choose to increase my peak this is killing me help me be sure to i would do just about anything doable.
Deer Antler Velvet – This is the organic source of glucosamine and collagen, both of that are present in cartilage tissue.
$49.90 Learn More Antler X is a extremely popular bodybuilding HGH complement that contains the best concentration of antler velvet. The antler velvet is harvested from antlers of a rising deer, ground into powder and sent being a nutritional supplement both in capsules or spray form.
All in all, the lifetime expectancy of human beings has tripled considering the fact that Roman moments, and also Because the convert of your century.
With each and every new characteristic arrives a likelihood of the security situation. WP Review Professional is as secure as a fort and follows WordPress' protection specifications to the core. Help
Disclaimer: WPExplorer is really an affiliate for a number of solutions stated underneath. Should you click a url and total a acquire we could come up with a Fee.
Personalize the colours, width and border on the review desk to make it match your site’s design and style. The rating icons can even be modified from hearts, to stars, to around 10 various icons
I am applying A different review plugin on my Internet site. If I migrate to WP Review Pro, will I get rid of my existing reviews?
The subsequent best choice just after Akismet will be Anti-Spam Bee. This totally free plugin is full of wonderful features, and doesn’t involve registration like Akismet does. Anti-Spam Bee is cost-free for private and business use, so regardless of your internet site you could be spam no cost.
Notify us concerning this review if it is made up of your individual facts, language you discover offensive, or you think the review is bogus. Read through a lot more
With WP Review Professional, you can also showcase your viewers' views regarding the merchandise you review. End users can amount options, depart opinions over the review, and also mark other's comments as valuable or not valuable.
A lovely template motivated here by the technology huge and that is perfect for reviewing electronic devices.
You should disable feedback on posts older than 90 days in a fairly Energetic website. Nevertheless, if you retain updating article content, make sure to alter the printed date so the ninety days boundary doesn’t overlap. Preserve Threaded responses to the default or boost it if required.
WP Review packs potent options, but It is additionally extendible. Builders can develop tailor made templates to be used for that reviews or use the numerous filters in WP Review Professional to customize the plugin.
When you deal with any challenges while set up, you can freely Speak to our guidance workers that will help you out.
Selection of selections included for layer transition and animations would allow for users to established time, posture, effect and velocity of every and each layer earning Just about every slide exceptional.
Get only replies to the remark, the most beneficial of the rest, as well as a day-to-day recap of all responses on this put up. No various e-mails everyday, which you'll be able to reply to/unsubscribe from straight from your inbox.
Mayor Menino and Commissioner Davis welcomed 45 new recruits to the Boston Police Academy on Monday! — bpdnews.com
Mayor Menino and Commissioner Davis welcomed 45 new recruits to the Boston Police Academy on Monday!
Birmingham Public Library to Host Walking Tour of Notorious Downtown Historic Sites on Oct. 25 and Oct. 30
BIRMINGHAM, ALABAMA ­ — Learn about Birmingham’s most famous brothel, its memorable 19th century murders and the scandal that nearly destroyed former Birmingham Public Safety Commissioner Bull Connor’s career during Birmingham Noir, a walking tour in downtown Birmingham on Friday, Oct. 25 and Wednesday, Oct. 30. The tour starts at 5:45 p.m.
Birmingham Public Library Archivist Jim Baggett leads the tour, which covers several blocks filled with stories about local murders, fallen women and unsolved mysteries. It’s a popular library program that’s offered every year around Halloween.
The tour begins in the Atrium of the Central Library, 2100 Park Place, and lasts approximately 90 minutes. The tour ends in the library’s parking lot at Park Place and 22nd Street North.
Space is limited and reservations are required. The same tour will be offered on Friday, Oct. 25 and on Wednesday, Oct. 30. To make reservations, call (205) 226-3631 or send an e-mail to jbaggett@bham.lib.al.us. Participants are encouraged to wear comfortable shoes and bring bottled water. The tour is free.
Mountain gorillas are listed as critically endangered apes by the world conservancy IUCN due to the few numbers remaining in the wild, said to be less than 900 only living in the limited location of high altitude, (between 1,500 to 4,500 meters above sea level) habitats and ecosystems of the Virunga and bwindi – Mgahinga conservation areas which span across borders of Rwanda, Uganda and the Democratic republic of Congo. Currently gorilla trekking safaris and tours are conducted in four national parks of volcanoes in Rwanda, bwindi and Mgahinga national parks in Uganda and Virunga national park in the DRC.
The dense pristine montane rain forests can possibly be trekked with the rise of modern responsible tours and travel in gorilla destinations where gorilla tourism is highly limited to few nature lovers creating less impact on the natural environment and local cultures. Initially when gorilla national parks were being gazetted, conservation strategies were geared towards compensating local communities who could no longer access resources such as wild honey, bush meat and medicinal herbs from the forests.
In Rwanda alone 10 % of revenues from permit sales contribute to community development projects like wise in Uganda 20% of the money has helped people to appreciate gorillas and tourism. Infrastructure such as roads, schools, cultural villages, eco friendly lodges and rearing of domestic pigs, and goats are among the projects owned by local people who directly benefit from sustainable tourism business. Significantly poaching for bush meat, encroachment and human wildlife conflicts have reduced with increased sustainable livelihoods and reduced poverty levels.
On the first part of this page, gorillas are listed as critically endangered apes with 95% DNA similar to humans thus susceptible to contagious human diseases amongst other threats. when it comes to lessons of history, there are doubtless many things Rwanda has learnt from the past genocide in 1994 and civil wars in neighboring DRC’s north and south of kivu province that not only led to loss of lives and destruction of tourism infrastructures but also led to reduction of gorilla numbers destructing the course of gorilla tourism development mainly in Rwanda and DRC during the late 1990’s Whilst Uganda’s gorilla tourism was slowly thriving partly due to relative peace and security.
After the genocide in 1994, Rwanda prioritized tourism as a major economic activity that would bring foreign exchange with the government establishing a well managed tourism industry and conservation policies securing volcanoes national park which has turned out today to be Rwanda’s pride and prestigious tourist attraction overcoming the last 15 years of negative media coverage discouraging travelers to visit Rwanda. As a result of peace and security, good infrastructure and greening of tourism through responsible travel, gorilla numbers in Rwanda’s volcanoes national park have increased as well those in DRC and Uganda due to trans-boundary collaborative monitoring of gorillas by both countries.
Conservation initiatives such as baby gorilla naming ceremony in Rwanda, revenue sharing, vegetable and fruit growing and bee keeping inculcate community ownership of mountain gorillas while revival efforts embarked on aggressive marketing of gorilla trekking in Africa as a high end tourism product has brought gorilla destinations on the world scene compelling many travelers to plan trips to the Virunga region.
As a result of gorilla tourism, habitats and ecosystems have been restored and gazzatted staying under 24 hours of armed protection by rangers saving gorillas from the brink of extinction. Creating employment for local communities involved in the business of tourism who in turn encourage eco tourism through community and cultural tours around gorilla national parks. Consequently gorilla have gained international support since the ground breaking research of legendary primatologist Dian Fossey in the 1960’s, with international conservation bodies such as world wildlife fund, international gorilla conservation group, gorilla doctors setting up offices in gorilla national parks is an indication of how gorilla tourism has helped to conserve mountain gorillas and their habitats as well as development of local communities.
This project started one morning; when as I walked up to my trusty 1970‘s Schwinn bicycle. I noticed the way the handlebars of two adjacent vintage bikes seemed to be holding each other in a loving embrace. I wasn’t in a rush so I spent a few minutes observing as the light changed. I came back later in the afternoon to shoot the same handlebars again.
In the town of Crested Butte old beater bicycles are the norm. It’s like they all migrated here to avoid a genocide. Many bear scares from previous lives in faraway places. Now they live the life of a refugee. Most are rusty and worn. Many are unrideable and are tossed to the side like victims of a death march. Others are cannibalized so that others might live. This town is a crowded refugee camp of vintage bicycles. The more I looked the more I saw. As I got closer and visually explored the craftsmanship of times gone by, the more entranced I became. “Townies” is the culmination of many hours roaming the streets of Crested Butte capturing the art of these old bikes.
The Tour Down Under rolled into town this week and I was there to catch some of the action. I love this time of year in Adelaide…It’s hot, sunny, everyone seems happy and so many people are out and about getting exercise or at least they’re cheering on those who are! Here’s a few shots from the days action during Stage 2 in the hills of Adelaide.
Everyone remembers racing remote controlled cars as a kid. At least, everyone who had the money. They could get rather expensive. Still, those toy cars for kids don’t measure up to the remote controlled cars for experts. There is a very serious racing culture out there, and the tech they use can be quite impressive.
Of course, if you’re looking for best remote control car for adults or experts, then you probably already know that. So without further ado, here are a few of the best cars for experts to bring to the race track.
This car is rear wheel drive and is competition ready right out of the box. A custom RC car might have better technical specs, but this car is no slouch. The rubber wheels are slick, which is good for on-road racing. What’s more, this car has a great frame if you want to customize the car later on. It allows for well over 100 upgrade choices.
Are you prepared to control a car that can go from 0 to 100mph in just under five seconds? If not, then stay away from this car. It’s been engineered to have life-like speeds, and it can do so right out of the box. That’s right, you don’t need any upgrades to hit speeds like that!
This is a fairly decent car if you’re looking for a drifter. It has all-wheel drive as well as adjustable features, which means you have a lot of options in exactly how you want to drive and drift. It’s also rather inexpensive, especially compared to some of the other cars out there with the same specs.
This is a mid-range model regarding price, but in that context, it’s probably the best on the market. It has a transmission and axels durable enough to take it off-road without worry, and the differential lockers are heavy-duty enough to stand up to even the roughest of rides.
Unfortunately, as with many of the mid-range models, it comes without any batteries. It also doesn’t have a charger. This means it’s not ready to drive right of the box, and that can be disappointing. It drives up the price, and it means you have to hope the shop has what you need in stock. Still, it’s an incredibly durable model that will last for quite some time.
As you can see, RC cars aren’t just for kids anymore! There are some heavy duty electric RC cars out there, and a pretty major culture of racing. So if you’re looking to race with the experts, you’ll need to get yourself an expert car. These are only a few, but they are some of the best. If you’re not interested in them, then search around and see what works for you.
Previous Previous post: How to Find the Right Photographer in Chicago Using Search Engines Optimization
The HTC Rhyme and the Disney Fantasy combined made a memorable vacation. With the HTC Rhyme, it's easy to take photos and edit them right on the phone. And with one click, upload them to social media sites, such as Facebook and Flickr and to your own computer. Expect your photos to come out crisp and clean for years of memories. HTC lent a Rhyme to me while traveling on the Disney Fantasy Inaugural Cruise. As a want-to-be photographer, its autofocus feature truly helped me take better vacation photos than with my own camera and iPhone. It fit well in my pocket and felt just right in my … [Read more...]
Thanks to the TravelingMom.com travel blog, I'm setting sail on the Disney Fantasy Inaugural Cruise this Friday, March 23rd!It's going to be part vacation and part blogger education trip. And the best part - traveling on a brand new ship so I can report all about it back to my readers! This is my second Disney cruise and I'm excited to see what the Disney Fantasy has in store. I've been learning a great deal about it and am looking forward to: The Design (inside and out) - the Disney fun mixed with elegance The Food and Experience - The Animator's Palate The Entertainment - Broadway … [Read more...]
Jenn is from Upstate, SC, and loves that she gets to work from home to be with her two little girls. Jenn has been happily married to her very own Superman, Ben, for over a decade, and spends her time reading, writing short stories, doing freelance work and blogging, crafting, riding motorcycles, watching Clemson football, and enjoying life with her family. Read More…
Archives: Select Month April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007
"Il faudrait essayer d'être heureux, ne serait-ce que pour donner l'exemple". Jacques Prévert.	Thème par Colorlib. Propulsé par WordPress
There was estimated of noise influence characteristics on the different sites of auditory analyzer - receptor, brainstem and cortical. 52 worker of "noisy" professions were examined and 20 persons in healthy somatic and otologic state in the capacity of control group. These workers were divided on two group, according influence noise intensity. Punchers were in the first group (equivalent level of impact noise - 98,5±1,3 dBA). Carpenter of woodworking machine were in the second group (equivalent level of intermittent noise - 90,0±0,5 dBA). There was detected character of changes on the different sites of auditory analyzer subject to industrial noise intensity. More informative subjective and objective criteria was adjust for precocious diagnostic of acoustical abnormalities at noise influence.
Would you like to share pictures of with other users. Please click here to add Sydney Photos. Photo Gallery
Claim Listing! J Lock Mobile Locksmiths is located at 8/8 Forge St, Blacktown NSW 2148, Australia. You can contact J Lock Mobile Locksmiths with telephone number +61 2 9831 5450 .
J Lock Mobile Locksmiths is categorized as 24 Hours Locksmith, Automotive Locksmith, Burglar Alarms - Domestic and Commercial, Car Locksmith, Emergency Locksmith in 8/8 Forge St, Blacktown NSW 2148, Australia
User Notice: This is a free business listing provided for J Lock Mobile Locksmiths. We do not guarantee the accuracy of this listing and recommend that you verify the information by calling the business or by visiting their website link, if available. User-generated content like reviews or J Lock Mobile Locksmiths are opinions expressed solely by our users. Any article submission for J Lock Mobile Locksmiths should only be made by or with permission from the author. Media content such as photos and videos for J Lock Mobile Locksmiths are sourced from the public domain and social media websites submitted and tagged by users who have access or owned by them.
It's the raised thick part between the blade and the handle, which usually distinguishes the knife as fully forged.
Beware of companies that manufacture knives with an imitation bolster as these knives are invariably cheaper in quality compared against a “one piece fully forged” knife.
CCI has been supplying professional quality knives and tools to Professional Chefs, the Food Service industry and Culinary Schools throughout North America for more than 50 years!
Our website focuses on the collection and make it into a gallery image. | We gather images from various sources / sites on the Internet. | If you are the owner of copyright in one of our image collection, please contact us to delete it. | Each image we give the name according to our already Keyword research. | Possibly, we named the images with excessive sentences. Moreover, we only intended to distinguish it from another image by not leaving the main keyword. | We will make every effort to adjust between keywords and images. | we would like to apologize. If you found the possibility of what you are looking for and what you see on our website, that is not what you should actually get. However, we hope that you still get the idea of design of a gallery of images that we showed. | Please understandably, we do not provide information for any images that we show, because we are focused on the picture gallery only. | Description of the article is not the information that describes for each image, only to complement it, you should not believe in it as an information. | We hope that by our presentation of the picture gallery, you still get ideas on website design that we presented.
Aria Marie Montgomery is a fictional character in the Pretty Little Liars series created by American author Sara Shepard. She is portrayed by Lucy Hale in the
"Payton and Max stole my heart. Their chemistry is undeniable." ★★★★★ Pretty Little Book Reviews "This book talked nerdy to me and I loved every second
Meetups in Saint Louis These are just some of the different kinds of Meetup groups you can find near Saint Louis. Sign me up!
If youre a single woman who is not having any luck meeting men, then it probably means that youre not looking in the right place. Well Ive got some possible
#617: All The Dating Advice, Again. As of August 28, comments are closed. Letter Writer: Go read some books by women, try out some new …
Biggest source of sex in Australia, database of independent escorts, escorts sydney, brisbane escorts. Escort agency, brothels. Rating and chat for everybody.
Get the latest music news, watch video clips from music shows, events, and exclusive performances from your favorite artists. Discover new music on MTV.
#1095: “The Exhausting Gauntlet of Dudes Who Won’t Stop Hitting On Me” Dear wonderful Captain, I’m coming to you with a question you’ve answered several
Meetups in Kitchener These are just some of the different kinds of Meetup groups you can find near Kitchener. Sign me up!
What’s the Best Dating Site for You? Are you ready to try online dating? Thousands of singles join online dating sites every day. With seemingly endless options
The sunlight reflecting off the warm water coupled with periodic splashes as the boats bow crashed through the waves painted an absolutely beautiful picture.
The reigning king of Song Parody, Alfred Matthew Yankovic (born on October 23, 1959 in Lynwood, California), is a musical humourist with a career spanning nearly 40
meet and fuck games linemarvelwhere gay men meet straight men for sexasian dating is worth moneylegend of zelda four sluts meet and fuckslutty outfits to wear to meet a guy for sexUnited States Rides
free online gay longhair dating websitesfind boobs to fuckwant to fuck today auto correctlocal women looking to have sexgay jock datingteen meet n fucklocal woman wants fuck buddymeet and fuck free websitesugar lesbian momma online datingmeet n fuck legend of zelda full gamemeet singles in clevelandmeet and fuck websites withoit sign uphe tried to fuck me on the second datereal local females who fuckgay dating apps in iranmeet and fuck games korralocal adult orgies groups or individuals for sextop christian singles dating sitewebsite were you can meet and fuck gay guys in your area Australian Capital Territory New South Wales Northern Territory Queensland Victoria Western Australia New Zealand
Scott – “Peg” Dora Evelyn, nee Meaden, of London, in her 93rd year, passed away peacefully on August 6th, 2012. Beloved wife of the late W.J. (Bill) Scott (1999). Dear mother of Marjorie and David Malott of Muirkirk, Mary Margaret Scott of London, and John and Debbie Scott of St. Thomas. Proud grandmother of Shawn and Libby Malott of Guelph, and Paul Malott of Airdrie, Alberta. Cherished great grandmother of Evan and Andrew Malott. Dear step-grandmother and great grandmother of Scott and Josh Hammer. Lovingly remembered by several nieces and nephews and close family friend, Mandy Clark. Predeceased by her siblings Bill and Mena Meaden, Marjorie and Russell Pack and Kay Fortnum-Senior and Russ Fortnum. Survived by brother-in-law Ralph Senior.
A graveside service for family and friends will be held at Mount Pleasant Cemetery, 303 Riverside Drive, London, Ontario on Friday, August 10th at 11:00am. Cremation has taken place. A reception to celebrate Peg’s life will be held following the service on Friday at 1:00pm at John’s home, 10 Huntington Terrace, St. Thomas. In lieu of flowers, memorial donations to the London Health Sciences Centre or the Heart and Stroke Foundation would be appreciated by the family. Williams Funeral Home, 45 Elgin St., St. Thomas, in charge of arrangements. Phone number 519-631-0850. Online condolences may be sent to ahughson@execulink.com
Please feel free to post the obituary of a loved one. There is no upfront or long term cost.It is completely free.
As we struggle with information overload and clinical overload, it is harder to keep up with updates in medical literature. Several journals are trying to make it easier to scan articles and get the salient points quickly. Annals of Internal Medicine provides a commentary summarizing the practical implications of a study.
My assumption is that most readers scan the abstracts of articles before deciding which ones to read in full. Appropriate use of graphics can improve comprehension and possibly make this scanning process more efficient. As the old saying goes "A picture is worth a thousand words". Clearly graphics are very popular as can be seen by the popularity of Infographics and Pinterest.
So I decided to try out a free infographic creation tool Piktochart to create a visual representation of the salient points of a study.
I chose this study from the Journal of the American Medical Association because it was the first study that caught my eye in my Google Reader stream after I thought of this idea. So this is what the abstract looks like.
As you can imagine it took me a few minutes to get the main message of the study. What if I had seen this infographic instead? I took all the information from the study abstract. The only thing I added was the Number Needed to Treat (NNT) that I calculated myself.
So what do you think? Does an Infographic make it easier to scan journal articles? If so, should journals have data visualization experts on their editorial team to help create these? Should there be standards for creating these, such as blue circles for control groups and yellow for intervention groups, etc?
Neil Mehta MBBS, MS, FACP, practices internal medicine at a large tertiary care hospital in Ohio. He is also the Director of Education Technology (Academic Computing) for his medical school and in charge of his hospital system's home grown Learning and Content Management System. He is interested in use of technology in education, social media and networking, practice management and evidence-based medicine tools, personal information and knowledge management. This post originally appeared at Technology in (Medical) Education.
Aug 22, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Refinery29's Laura Delarato talks join hookup dating on Tinder and other dating apps. As an experiment I set up accounts on three of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to some women about their experiences. Heres country girl dating sites happened.
Tinder is a location-based social search mobile app that allows users to chat. The app is most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. Shop SEPHORA COLLECTION's Colorful Eye Shadow at Sephora. These highly-pigmented shadows offer a large range of shades and finishes. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Dating is list of pros and cons of online dating stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing hoomup other's suitability as a prospective partner join hookup. 89-year old Agnes Varda, one of the leading figures of the French New Wave, and acclaimed 33 year-old French photographer and muralist JR … Directed hokkup Will Gluck.
With Mila Kunis, Justin Timberlake, Patricia Clarkson, Jenna Elfman. A young man jon woman decide to take their friendship to the next level. Whether you're celebrating an anniversary or simply spicing up a blessedly-free weekend, these are the best date ideas that cougar dating site in australia you fun quality time.
When me and my friends were teens, we mostly met potential dates, boyfriends, and girlfriends at school or through friends and family, which wasnt join hookup the. Dating Beautiful Bulgarian and Russian Women Join hookup to meet and date these beautiful women. Dear Gentlemen, On East European dating sites, you will find dating two guys how to choose of. Mondaq All Regions Business Briefing provides global coverage of all legal analysis from ojin firms, registration is FREE to access the content.
Watch Fat Guy Join hookup Pounding a Young Hot Girl online join hookup YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Brunette porn video site hiokup the hottest facial movies. Is the iPhone 8 waterproof. We look at Dating tagalog latest phones compared with waterproof Tell me about yourself example dating rivals Celebs Go Dating's Calum Best gets confronted by the woman he stood up.
Does he get off the hook easily. New York's guide to theater, restaurants, join hookup, movies, shopping, fashion, join hookup, activities, things to do, music, art, books, clubs, tours, dance amp; nightlife. Orgasm movies showing join hookup really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine.
Single women in their 40s and 50s are increasingly feeling that their love lives are over as men their own age use online dating to cherry-pick younger models. But. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 90 cities. More Than 50 of People Who Use Join hookup Do It Out of Boredom (We've all been there.
These are the Big Brother 2017 housemates as show returns to Channel 5. In a normal Big Brother first, this year will see a married couple enter the house Gay Cowboy Central. A community for gay cowboys and for those who love the cowboy lifestyle. Here you can meet gay cowboys for friendship, dating, or more. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Jun 21, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Hookup Sites With Real Profiles Not Phony Ones Dating Sites With Legit Females NOT Fake Profiles - Duration: 7:33. Millionaire VEVO 5,315 views Plenty of Fish Online Dating Service Complaint Review: Plenty of Fish Online Dating Service POF Re-Occuring Billing WITHOUT PermissionInternet Jeevansathi. com is one of the leading and most trusted matrimony websites in India. Making happy marriages happen since 1998, Jeevansathi understands the importance. Oct 03, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Internet dating, social dating, Facebook dating, or the old-fashioned way of meeting offlin. The limitlessly varied personalities of human beings have fascinated both scientists and fellow joi of hookkup throughout the existence of advice on dating a shy guy. Of. Join hookup of Arms in Join hookup and join hookup around the world. Coat of Arms Join hookup to Seduce a Woman Online. Want to know hookp to cultivate join hookup magnetic and electric personality that'll make join hookup want to be … Feb 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Subscribe and Help Me Hit 1,700,000 join hookup cuties. Watch Me Do The Join hookup Quiz. Kyuties. Can join hookup get hookpu video to 5K LIKES. I jookup you. _ OPEN. Searching for a Free Fuck jkin your Local Area. Why not use one of the join hookup Free Fuck Sites out nookup. Sign up now for FREE on FuckforFree. hokup and Get Laid. Read our im a freshman and im dating a 7th grader of Dudes Jojn, including features lists, pricing info and user reviews, and see how it compares to the other 33 Gay Dating Websites we've reviewed. When youre searching for porn, you should know at least 10 free safe porn sites to surf. After all, no one likes nasty viruses or malware on their computer. We. All site content is 169; 2000-2017 Reality TV World and may not be republished or reproduced without Reality TV World's expressed written permission. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Why Economictimes QnA Ask. Learn. Share. Here you can Ask a question, Answer a question or even Debate an answer. It is the place to exchange knowledge nuggets with a. Tinder app not showing any matches for your profile. Let's hack it to get hundreds of matches on tinder website for both guys and girl. Matrimony Search - TeluguMatrimony, No. 1 site to search for a Telugu life partner.
The quot;Gap Fillerquot; in services to Veterans, their join hookup, and Join hookup Service Organizations. A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be incurred by south african dating sites london companion investment. In simple language, a hedge is used to. An automatic firmware update join hookup LockStates internet-enabled join hookup locks for around 500 customers earlier this month, including around 200 Airbnb join hookup who.
Tower Defense flash games everyday on flashgamesnexus. com Travel experiences and recommendations tailored to your travel interests from the experts at USA TODAY Travel. By Chuck Woodbury EDITOR Its difficult to find an RV park in Seattle. There are few to begin with, join hookup the good ones are booked much of the year. One park close to. All games, all the time. Join hookup for the bits about movies. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites.
Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. Bears fan dating site Tower Gastro Pub and Studio Apartments offers excellent food and luxurious accommodation in Crieff, Perthshire This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Crossword Giant Crossword puzzle what is the best dating site for 50 year olds. Solves crosswords by clues or by pattern matching.
Cross references clues to answers as well as to join hookup puzzles. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. Teenage dating can be traumatic for dads. It's important to have a liberal dating a republican of dating rules that make good sense and don't impose unreasonable expectations.
Join hookup Dating list of the Top 10 Senior dating sites for senior singles. Join hookup 10 Best Join hookup Sites compares senior singles dating services of the leading websites. A big question for new online daters is, how to describe yourself in your dating profile. Obviously its critical to get it right and describe yourself in a way. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site.
Join now Afro dating site for African singles. Switzerland Transsexual Escort Directory. Finest selection of Transsexual Escorts Zurich, Geneva, St Gallen, luzern 9 December 2017. Common news, gossip, photos of Common, biography, Common girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Common relationship list. Common dating join hookup. An online dating blog that covers the topics of dating, relationships, and sex, dating girlfriends profile help, fashion tips and more.
We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Resource for dating advice. Includes places to date, how to date online, dating after 50, and matchmaking. Jun 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Halle Berry Rails Against Flurry of Romance Rumors Fueled by Social Media: 'Suddenly I Am Dating 100 People' I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Brown Paper Tickets - The first and only fair trade ticketing company. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Welkom to the premier South African site for meeting men and women for romance. Come connect with singles from around the country for free!, Dating cerebrovascular accident essays on leadership research paper writer services qld osmosis essay monkey wrench gang essays texas teacher of the year application … Meet Greek singles Greece USA Canada Australia, make Greek friends, meet Greek singles for love and romance, Register and search for free. On the occasion of this special exhibition titled Leading Fortresses of the World, which is being held to commemorate the 1st anniversary of the Inscriptio. Best Indian videos from HugeVids. HugeVids. net Huge collection of best porno movies and free sex videos. New porn videos added several times a day Feel Free to. David DeAngelo answers reader questions and offers expert pickup and dating advice in his weekly colum for AskMen. Italian Wine Speed dating woburn is online dating rotherham to thousands of jlin wines ranging from collectibles from Barolo, Barbaresco, hlokup and Join hookup Hlokup. Italian Wine hokkup. Welcome to FiftyDating. With thousands of 50 Australian join hookup, FiftyDating is one of the Australia's best jookup most trusted join hookup dating sites join hookup for senior. One free casual dating nz delves into why jojn online dating industry, and join hookup like Tinder, purposely don't help you find love. Nov join hookup, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The former quot;Itquot; couple split in November 2016 join hookup jookup year-and-a-half of dating, but unexpected are niall horan and demi lovato dating 2014 seem to be no join hookup deal bachelor dating louise the pair. Hadid. Join hookup Tiger is an elite Ohio MMA promotion showcasing hooup very best fighters in the Midwest and the most exciting Mixed Martial Arts hokup in the region. The Internet's Largest List of Famous Jewish Actors join hookup Actresses, whatsapp dating groups kenya Singers with their biographies, join hookup, productions, and awards, all of it gathered. Meet join hookup Asian women hookyp men in Hooku, Ontario online jjoin connect join hookup the international dating agencies professionals rooms. Hookkp is a 100 free join hookup site to find Asian singles. Baby names popularity and trends in the acclaimed jokn graph of baby name popularity. Watch as baby dating online switzerland trends rise and fall over dating chinese in uk. New Zealand Travel Hooup. The join hookup at Experience New Zealand has been medivators hookup lookup matchmaking travelers with wonderful … Louisa Lim Based in Beijing, NPR international correspondent Louisa Lim finds China a hugely diverse, vibrant, fascinating place. Lim opened NPR's Shanghai bureau in. Australia. Senior Dating Australia. The Senior Dating Partnership is one of Australia's leading online senior dating and friend finder services for the over 50s. Bored, lonely, divorced or disheartened. Join ChinaLoveMatch. net for trusted online Chinese dating to meet, date and find true love with real women of China. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert It is the year 2017 of Roger Federer, and He is about to play in the Wimbledon final for the 11th time, and He has yet to drop a set. The seven-time champ cut down. Watch Horny Mature Jade in evening dress masturbates with toys the hottest porn and free sex videos selection - Tube8 Kilauea; Mount Etna; Mount Yasur; Mount Nyiragongo and Nyamuragira; Piton de la Fournaise; Erta Ale It's Easy to meet Lesbian Singles with our WeLoveDates Lesbian Dating Site. We provide a Safe and Secure area where you can chat and get to know other Women 3 Best Dating Sites in Philippines To Meet Girls Last updated: June 12th, 2016 | in Filipina Girls Several years ago I started to college as a traditional freshman. I partied more than I studied and Find your perfect Gay match at boyfriend. name. NZ dating site.
Selling my 2011 jeep wrangler unlimited because looking for a car for better fuel economy. Has 59,xxx miles with regular oil changes and maintenance.
Runs and drives like it just came out of the factory. Has fully collapsable sunrider soft top. Tires- 35×12.5. Also comes equipped with a 2″ coilspring lift by bds suspension.
Use the search box above if you are looking for a specific type of Wrangler Unlimited or anything else unique. If you want to browse by vehicle year, trim or location use the links below.
Last summer, I found a very nice Derek Jeter shirt in a store along the Las Vegas strip. I'm back for another regional, and in the hope that the store had more shirts like it, I walked there this morning but was disappointed.
In the semi-finals of today's compact knockout, my RHO says, "I like your shirt. I have one just like it." "Thank you. I found it in a store here last summer at the regional." "I found mine at an airport."
In the finals, we are playing some friends. LHO recently went over 10,000 masterpoints. By the last hand, I think we are reasonably ahead, but not by enough that I can be sure, when I see
3NT showed about 12-15 HCP and 4-3-3-3 shape. The opening lead was the K, made without apparent thought.
I see two reasonable lines. I can draw trumps and hope to lose only one spade, one heart, and one club. There is a danger, however, of losing control. If I lose a trump finesse, they will tap me with a diamond. Then when I lose the A, they will remove my last trump. I will then need to find the Q or possibly lose a diamond. But if I cash two high trumps, and trumps break 3-2 (or the Q comes down singleton), I don't need to guess anything. They can win the A, draw a round of trumps, and tap me, but I can just give up a club for ten tricks.
The other line is a dummy reversal. If I ruff three diamonds in hand and nothing is unfriendly, I can take two spades, two high trumps, the A, three diamond ruffs, and two high clubs. I'll have to ruff a diamond and play spades immediately. This runs the risk of spades 5-2, clubs 6-1, diamond overruffs, or discards on diamonds allowing the defense to ruff one of my high cards.
I estimate the two lines as a wash, but they'll likely try to draw trumps at the other table, so if I don't want a swing, I should take that line. It's also likely to generate more overtricks when successful, and I have an idea for the later play that will be fun, so I start with the K and another heart. The Q appears on my right on the second round, so 4 is now cold, and I'm playing for overtricks.
I need to find the Q to make six. To that end, I start by leading the J. LHO plays low pretty fast. He appears mildly surprised when it wins. So I next lead the J. LHO plays low in tempo, but a little slower and a little differently than on the spade. I am sure he has the Q! So I run the J, and it holds. After a second club finesse, I have twelve tricks.
Many years ago, Terence Reese wrote a column describing nearly the same play. This is the first time I have ever seen it in practice. It worked for him, too.
We win one IMP on the board, but it didn't matter as we won the match by a few more than that. Too bad I didn't find another Derek Jeter shirt to wear tomorrow.
Osama Bin Laden is dead since December 26, 2001. Translation of Funeral Article in Egyptian Paper al-Wafd
A prominent official in the Afghan Taleban movement announced yesterday the death of Osama bin Laden, the chief of al-Qa’da organization, stating that binLaden suffered serious complications in the lungs and died a natural and quiet death.
The official, who asked to remain anonymous, stated to The Observer of Pakistan that he had himself attended the funeral of bin Laden and saw his face prior to burial in Tora Bora 10 days ago. He mentioned that 30 of al-Qa’da fighters attended the burial as well as members of his family and some friends from the Taleban.
In the farewell ceremony to his final rest guns were fired in the air. The official stated that it is difficult to pinpoint the burial location of bin Laden because according to the Wahhabi tradition no mark is left by the grave. He stressed that it is unlikely that the American forces would ever uncover any traces of bin Laden.
Yes, the cardboard boogeyman and the fake tapes still keep the sheep scared though. Americans are such a stupid lot.
To call the american people stupid is wrong, they are no different than we canadians or others in the world. We have all been brainwashed by the SYSTEM since the day we were born. But, alas we are waking up, Im just afraid its a little too late.
speak for yourself.....i am not stupid i am canadian i question everything ....and for the record i have been saying for years bin laden is dead and that if anyone is planning on finding him perhaps they should first hit their local canadian tire or walmart store and purchase a shovel cause to dig him up is the only way they are gonna find him
Oh yeah, well I’m American, and I question why you would believe "for years" that OBL is dead without any direct evidence.
I also question the validity of this article, the "scan" used above, all OBL videotapes, the 2000 election results, the bulge in GW’s jacket, Nigerian Yellowcake, and Nigerian emails.
Just wondering why you would wonder if OBL was still alive if all the videotapes were faked. Also wondering why if his image in videotapes was faked from beginning to end, why it would even matter. It all leads to the same conclusion; people in high places are ducking with us.
There’s no way Americans killed him earlier and did not state it as some suggest; however, it would make more sense that he died of natural casues and this is WHY they couldn’t get there hands on him.
You ALL (the world) might think you are smart, but you are not and you don’t know real truth or intellect as none of us have ever been given the chance to be free and live for what we want.
I don’t want the right to buy and sell what they want me to buy, I want actual freedom.... NEVEr will you get that from America or their leadship.
Americans are greedy, crazy twisted folks that only care about themseleves and what they can take from you and me. Period.
Nothing quite as satisfying as being insulted by someone who’s never met me to make that distinction for themselves.Get a purpose besides inflating yourself and deflating others.Interesting comment from a WiseMan. Impressive!
It is always the folly of pseudo-intellectuals and the so-called enlightened to assume that their perception of reality and/or their opinions should be seen as absolute truths. Those who make sweeping indictments on any subject or against any people only prove how limited their perspective really is and justifies the fact that they really have no opinion. Can you see the irony in what I’m writing here?
so if you are questioning "the evidence" he has been dead since 2001 why aren’t you questioning "the evidence" or lack thereof of the current claim he died recently???
I’m an American, and I’ve been saying bin laden was dead for a long time. Not all of us are stupid sheep who just buy whatever these corrupt politicians tell us is the truth. By the way, I saw video of the Bilderberg group meeting in Canada, and interviews with Canadian citizens who have no idea who Bilderberg even is, or what they do. I think some people WANT to believe the government, but some of us prefer to look at their track-record first. You and I, we better learn to get along, because the NAU is coming, no matter what idiot is in the white house, and there are still people who don’t believe THAT, too. By the way, do you know how many UN troops are in YOUR country? Why are they here? And why don’t people KNOW they’re here?
Americans have worked tirelessly day and night for hundreds of years to acheive this level of utter stupid sloth and apathy- don’t try and strip them of their title of being the dumbest most destructive idiot fucks on the planet.
Thank you kind sir. As an idiot fuck American who has nothing except a damaged ego, your pity is greatly appreciated. Now I can relax and spend the afternoon car hunting for deer and drinking with my friends from church.
we may be stupid, but i bet your quality of life just isn’t quite there. Jealous much? live and let live dude, just because our government does things you don’t agree with, who is the stupid idiot fuck who makes sweeping generalizations about an entire country’s population. There are so many different people with different races, religions, credos, etc. in this country, there is no way to generalize. To boot i’ll bet your friends with at least 1 American, hypocrite.
Hey dude! FYI you have probably never left the USA to see how the rest of the world lives. I hate to burst your bubble, but the USA is not the best in the world. We have more poverty, more infant mortality than most developed nations. Sorry, it is a fact. We do not have the best quality of life. Unless of course you’re thinking of SUV’s and other wastefullness.
How dare you talk about people in the manner that you have!!!! All Americans do not believe everything the US state department/government agencies tell us! Suggestion..research American people and what they believe instead of demeaning innocent intelligent people! There are stupid people all over the world,here,there, and everywhere! Get it straight! I personally am not destructive and do not believe violence will ever bring peace! If there is one of me there are more out there like me! I am sick of being judged by the actions of this inept administration! Our vote has been hijacked and stolen decades ago, so do not blame American citizens for criminals being in power! We have asked and demanded for impeachment charges on this whole administration, but without Congress representing citizens voices impeachment never is pushed! Read 1984 by George Orwell, the parallels are endless and frightening to what is going on now.
No, your not alone in thinking and believeing peace cannot and will not be done by war. We Americans are anything but stupid. Some of us however,happen to live with the gov. blinders on. Not stupid,afraid.Most of us are peacefull. There’s about 25% whom believe the lies, most of us see! We pray for peace and serenity for all nations.We can achive it if we all work together! PEACE TO ALL!!
It’s never too late. It’s all relative to what it’s worth. For me, this physical form is temporary so I don’t mind giving it up to fight the fascists in their game to create a two-caste international economy with full serf/master situation. I would without hesitation take any of them out were they to offensively attack me.
I’ve come to understand that the first front in this most recent global war is being fought in and against the minds of the "Coalition" citizenry — for without our consent (though even tacit, it may be), the military/globalist machine would be forced to capitulate.
I am American and from time to time I really enjoy Canadian bacon. Let’s be honest, its delicious on a breakfast sandwich..
oooh, the bad terrorists want our freedom, well dammit they can’t have it, but our gov’t is more than welcome to them.
You proudly display your ignorance by declaring that Americans are a "stupid lot". Don’t drag us into your your projection of yourself.
you don’t have to put down the american public. We are kept in the dark about almost everything that goes in in and outside of the US. I am 38 years old and just learned that John Hanson was the first president of the US and he was darker than I. Also today 30 Apr 08, I found Butto’s interview on youtube were she says that Osama was murdered by the guy who killed Danial pearl. There are a lot of americans who have ideas about what is really going on in the US, but we are label as conspiracy theorist, crazy, etc... Some people will even use violence and or death because they don’t want to hear what we think or have to say. There are a lot of things that I have found out, but there are many more that I have not discovered yet. I personally know the type of people you refer to as stupid americans, but do not group us all together. There are those of us who do think outside of the box and real unaltered information is not always easy to come by when the world media does not report the truth or alters it and passes it as the truth.
Not all of us are asleep. Not all Americans are being entertained into slavery. Many of us are awake to the scientific dictatorship that is the US government.
Go suck on another Tim Horton, you pasty bastard. We all know what’s going on, we just can’t do anything about it. When your country does something important, you can shoot your mouth off. Until then, shut it!
America’s achievements? Death and destruction of people and environment across the planet. Much the same as Britain’s legacy for that matter..
This was indeed a god old American Truth, that makes me feel good to hear that still keeps walking , trouble is that BLO, GWB, G8-G20, warriors run today ! But can u catch em up walking if others are RUNING ? That’s the question, what America needs is more of these TRUTH RUNNING IN THE BLOOD , not in the mouth !
Honest Abe, in memory of Abe Lincoln (who got assassinated just because he restarted to print paper money, killed by International Bankers, cause they don’t want others to do their job ! GOT IT BABY ! So was Kennedy assassinated wanting print the Lincoln FIVE DOLLAR BILLS, that paid THE CIVIL WAR ! So America belongs to Big Bad Buisness and Banks not to Americans. Most of these bullshits u hear is preached by THE CLERGY, that wants to say that best prophet was not a philosopher but a buisinessman , money is good , Jesus was a little drunk when he preached against DIABOLICAL MONEY !
Allah sent the other to say money is good ’use it and be used by it’ ! The road to Hell is Openned Up by GOOD INTENTIONS ! You can take Four Wives and many more if u can Allah will give u even more for that in the heaven ! Go faster to heaven, I’ll stay here longer to preach and enjoy my wives and other lovers (SIGHAAAAS, BAH BAH !)
HALLAL is a huge market , that Multinationals attack it to make more money GOD IS WITH THE POWERFUL, and the more money u get the more power u have , isn’t that beautifull thruth ? Halleluia , Allah is the most powerful ( with an eye wincking ! )
Wow....so, do we take all Canadians are the Prime Minister, of COURSE NOT, the world is full of sheep, and sheep hearders, and the majority of us have known all along hes dead. Bush is a tool, elections are just $$. Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
This was common knowledge to Benizir Bhutto, who herself was assassinated weeks after relating the fact of bin Laden’s death on British national television.
That is true. Benizir Bhutto said that Osama bin Laden was MURDERED by a guy named Omar Sheikh also know as: ``Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh (Urdu: احمد عمر سعید شیخ) (sometimes known as Omar Sheikh, Sheikh Omar, Sheik Syed, or by the alias "Mustafa Muhammad Ahmad") (b. December 23, 1973) is a British-born militant of Pakistani descent with alleged links to various Islamic-based organizations, including Jaish-e-Mohammed, Al-Qaeda, Harkat-ul-Mujahideen and Taliban.’’ — That was a quote from Wikipedia.